494

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissioneri

cf Excite.

Duties to be

drawn back on

Expot tation.

The Powert of

12 Car. II. Cap.

24, or of any

o her Law relat-

ing to theExcise,

to extend to th:a

Duty.

The following

additionalDutiei

to be paid on

Importation.

For Bricks is.

6d. per icoot

Plain Tih*< (ex-

cept Galley

Tiles) i». lod.

per igoo:

Pan or Ridge

Tiles 4s. lod.

per 1000 :

Paving Tiles not

exceeding to

Inches Square

lid.:

andexcecding 10

Inches is. lod.

per 100 ;

and for all other

Tiles (except

CalleyTiles) is.

jod. per 1000.

Duties on Its-

portition to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissioners

of Custorrs, ard

payable xs for-

mer Duties.

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer and carried

to the Confjli-

dated Fund.

C. 15. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

perpendicular from a straight Line drawn from the one to the other Side thereof after the fame is so bent,

and such Sides not being at any Part thereof more than five Inches distant from each other on the Inside,

and Tiles as nearly of the Dimensions and bent as nearly ir*to the Form aforesaid as may be, to be used for

the Purpose aforesaid, without being charged or chargeable with any Duty for or in respe& of such Tiles;

any Thing in the said Act, made in the twenty-fi venth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this

Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as

shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commission-

ers of Excise in England for the Time being ; and such thereof as lmll arise in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act imposed, for and

in respect of Bricks and 'Tiles reflectively, shall be drawn back on the Exportation of any such Bricks

and Tiles respedtively as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provitions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Law or Laws in force at the Time of

passing this Act, relating to the Exportation of Bricks and Tiles on Drawback, provided, settled, or

established.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allowances, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Claulc-s, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of King Charles the Second, intituled, /in A 7 for taxing away the Court of I Cards and Liveries, and'Te-

nures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu

thereof or by any other Law now in force, relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and

eftabiiihed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining

the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cafes for which other Provisions are made

and prelcribedby this Act,) flu!! be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising,

levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, and for

preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poles, as if all and every the said Allowances, Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and

paid, to and for the life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Goods herein-

after mentioned, which shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be imported or brought into this Kingdom

from Foreign Parts, over and above all Duties of Customs already imposed thereon, the several and reflec-

tive Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all Bricks, by whatever Name they now are or hereafter may be known, the Sum of one

Shilling and Six-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For and upon all Tiles commonly called or known by the Name of Plain Tiles, (except Galley Tiles,)

the Sum of one Shilling and Ten-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or leiler

Quantity :

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, the Sum

of four Shillings and 'Fen-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity :

For and upon ail Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten

Inches Square, the Sum of Eleven-pence (or every hundred contaiiting five Score, and so in Proportion fur

any greater or Idler Quantity :

For and upon all Tiles, commonly called or known by the Name of Pavinz Tiles, above ten Inches

Square, the Sum of one Shilling and 'Fen-pence for every like hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater

or leiler Quantity:

And for and upon all Tiles, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated and described, by whatever

Name or Names such Tiles now are or hereafter may be called or known, (except Galley Tiles,) the Sum

of one Shilling and 'Fen-pence for every thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereinbefore granted upon

the Importation of such Foreign Bricks and Tiles, shall be under the Management and Direction of the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in

ready Money without any Dilcount or Deduction whatever; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, col-

1 edit'd, recovered, and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and under such Restrictions, Penalties, and

Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties for such Goods are respectively

raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

laid several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-

enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies from Time to Time

arising by the several new and additional Rates and Duties by this Act imposed as aforesaid (the necessary

Charges of railing and accounting for the lame respectively excepted) shall, from and after the passing of

this Act, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and

the said Money so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Confoii-

dated Fund.

IX. Provided 1

