59°

and to be distrl-

buted a>> the Sur-

veyor.General

shall direa.

5tan>p Duty cn

Cert.ficatcs, Re-

ceipts, &c.

The C ntraft*

of Persons ne-

glecting to pro*

cureCertificdtet,

&c. for 14 Days

to be nui), and

theConsideration

Money forfeited,

unless the Sur-

veyor G?ner?l

shall order la-

lolment.

Morey paid into

th^ Bank to be

laid out in the

3 per Cent.,

Confols, &c.

Annirties not to

be transferred

without Autho-

rity of Parliament, hut in-

tend to be paid

by order of the

Treasury, and

applied as rhe

Latfid Revenues.

Surveyor Gene-

ral may com-

pound for Ar-

rears of Relit.

27 Geo. HI.

Cap. 22, and

32 Geo. HI.

Cap. 14, recited.

'So much of fird

recited Act as

was not repealed

by the latter, re-

pealed.

C. 75. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

of the Fee taken for the highert Relit included in the fame Certificate; and the like Fees as aforesaid, and no

more, shall be taken for the Inrolment of the said Certificates and Receipts; which said Fees shall be re-

ceived by and distributed amongst the Officers and Clerks of the said Surveyor General, in such Manner

and Proportion as the said Surveyor General shall direct.

XIYr. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration Money contracted to be paid for any Pur-

chafe or Discharge whatsoever, authorized to be made by this Act, shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the

Certificate of the said Purveyor General (lull be written on Parchment, stamped or notified with such a

Stamp Duty as is required by Law for Common Conveyances of Lands, and no other Stamp shall be re-

quilite for the Cafhicr’s Receipt fix such Consideration Money; and where tuch Consideration Money shall

not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the said Certificates shall or may be written on Parchment, without any

other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law' be requisite for the Cashier’s Receipt; and* thatfin all Cafes

where the Consideration to be paid for the Purehafe of any such Relit or Rents, by the Owners of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, out of which the fame are payable, to any Purchaser or Purchasers of such

Rents under this Act, his or their Heirs and Ailigns, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the Convey-

alice thereof shall or may be written on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by

Law be required for the Receipt for the Consideration Money.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, with whom the said Sur-

veyor General shall contract for any of the Rents by this Act authorized to be sold, discharged, or extin-

guished, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the Certificate of the said Surveyor General of his, her, or

their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, or

shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, and the Cashier’6 Receipt for the said Money, according to the Di-

redtions of this Act, for the Space of fourteen Days, to be computed from the Day on which such Con-

tract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid

into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Lid Surveyor General shall, for any reasonable Caule to him

shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate to be inrolled, nunc pro tunc, and

which, upon such Cause being shewn, he is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into

the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, on account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, shall

from Time to Time be laid out, by the Order of the said Surveyor General, in the Purehafe of three per

Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, in which

Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit

Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds, or Stock so to be purchased, and such Transfers to be ac-

cepted by the said Surveyor General, for and in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of E?.gland, and the

said Surveyor General is hereby required to accept the fame accordingly; and that all and singular the An-

nuities so to be purchased and accepted shall remain inverted in the Lord High Treasurer, or the Comm;tiioii-

ers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall not be transiered or

transferable without the Authority of Parliament; but all the Intererts of the said Annuities or Yearly Divi-

dends shall be, from Time to Time, paid by the Lid Governor and Company, into the Hands of fuen ifiir-

son or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, by Warrant or Power of Attorney, under the Haixl

and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time be ing, 2:1 J

shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the Lid Land Revenues

of the Crown, and shall be from Lime to Time answered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to

such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Land Revenues of the Crown now are, or would hereafter have

been liable to have been applied and appropriated to in case this Act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor-General of the Crown

Lands, now and for the Time being, (the Consent of the Lord High T reafurer or the Commissioners of

the Treaffiry, or any three of them, for the T ime being, having been in each Cafe previously obtained,)

shall have the fante Power to compound for Arrears of any of the Lid Rents as was verted in the Lid Com-

missionersby the Lid Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty.

XVIII. And whereas, by an Act, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reien of his present Ma-

4 jelly, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to his Majesty, it was enacted,

that it should and might be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for

the Time being, to treat, contract, and agree, for the Sale or fqf the Leafing of all or any Part of the

4 Ertate, Right, Title, or Interest in or to all or any of the Houses, Messuages, Tenements, and Ground

4 therein particularly mentioned and specified: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-ficond

4 Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, -An Act to repeal so much of an Atl, made in the tiueniy-

4 f-'enth Tear of Ins present AJajrJty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore ufd as an

4 Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery, and to enable his Alajejly to grant the fame, it was enacted, that

4 so much of the Lid Act as related to the Sale or Leafing of the said House in Privy Garden should be, and

the fame was thereby repealed: And wherea$ no Treaty, Contract, or Agreement hath been entered

4 into by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Sale or Leafing of any of the Lid Houses, Mef-

4 fuages, Tenements, or Ground, by virtue of the said first-mentioned A3; and it is not expedient that the

4 fame should be fold or leased under the Lid Act Be it therefore further enacted, T hat so much of the Lid

first-mentioned Act as was not repealed by the said Act of the thirty-second Year of his Majesty’s Reign

shall be, and the fame is hereby, repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his

Heirs and Succeft'ors, from Time to Time, to grant, demise, or allure all or any Part or Parts of the Lid

Premises for (itch Terms, Estates, and Intererts, and under and subjedi to such Limitations, Reservations,

7 Restriction%

