A.D. 1793. " Anno tricesimo tertio G eorgii III. C. 62. 411

Tickets unless

it shall appear

that the Patty is

able to answer

the Pena rv re-

quired by Law,

and he (ha'l have

deposited a cer-

tain Numb r of

Tickets, Sec,

Persons to v^horn

Licences are

planted, to pi«e

B nd agreea! ly

to 22 Geo. HI*

Cap. 47-

the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Persons or Person are or is of Efficient Ability to nnfvver

the Penalty contained in the Bond required by Law for fec-uring a due Performance of the federal Regula-

tiens and Provisions respecting Lottery Office Keepers ; and unless such Personsor Person shall, previous to

the Time of receiving such Licence, produce and deliver to the said Commissioners a Certificate in Writing,

•under the Hand of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, certifying that such Persons or Person have

or hath deposited in his Hands fifty whole undrawn Tickets of and belonging to each (cch Lottery respec-

tively established as aforesaid, and that the fame have been divided into Shares in the Manner allowed by

Law; or shall enter into such Security as is herein-after mentioned, conditioned for the depositing, at the

Times and in the Manner to he prescribed by the said Commissioners, fifty whole undrawn Tickets for each

Lottery so established as aforesaid, to be divided into such Shares as are by Law allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Licence shall be granted, shall per^

fondly appear before the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall then

tand there, jointly or severally as the Cafe may.require, give Security by Bond in the Manner prescribed by

an Act pafletl in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for licensing Lottery Office

Keepers $ and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Persons or Person so to be licensed

-shall, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provi- Conditions of

ssions of the several Acts made in the Parliament of this Kingdom concerning Lotteries, and shal! not Bonds»

offend against the fame; and (in calc the Tickets belonging to the Lottery established by this Act, or

•to the Lottery established in Ireland for the present Year, shall not, at the Time of applying for such

Licence, be issued to the lespective Contributors, so that such Persons or Person shall not then be enabled to

deposit fifty undrawn Tickets for each such Lottery in the Manner before mentioned, then the further Con-

dition of such Bond shall be) that if such Persons or Person shall deposit with the said Commissioners, or

such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and divide into Shares fifty whole undrawn Tickets in the Lot-

tery established by this AdR and also fifty other whole undrawn Tickets in the Lottery now established by

the Parliament of Ireland, by such Space of Time, not less than the Space of forty Days, before the fir It

Day of drawing such Lotteries respectively, as the said Commissioners shall prescribe, then such Bond shall

•be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effect: And the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take such Bond, and to annex thereto a Condition

conformable to the Directions of this Act before-mentioned, and according to the Circumstances of the

Cafe; and if, at the End of twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the 'Time for which such

Licence shall he granted, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Persons or

Person so licensed have or hath, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly kept, fulfilled, and per-

formed the Condition of such B011J, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, or other-

wife, at their Discretion, cause every such Bond to be put in Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person, to whom a Licence shall be granted,

shall neglect to deposit or divide into Shares fifty whole undrawn 'Pickets in each Lottery established as

aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Licence shall be void and of no Effect;

and every Person acting and dealing in any of the Matters therein contained after such Default made, shall

be adjudged and considered in every Respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful (or the said

Commissioners, upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the

Description of the Offices of such Persons or Person making such Default as aforesaid, in the London Gazette, published in the

and declare therein the Time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Gazetlc»

Time of such Publication.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in Cafes where a Licence granted to any Person or Persons

under the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is declared to be void

upon Conviction or Prosecution for any Offence against the said Act, then and in every such Cafe such Li-

cence granted after the Commencement of this Act, shall, upon Conviction of or for any Offence against

this Act, or against an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign o( his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for juppreffing unlawful Lotteries, also be void ;

and that in all Cafes where any Person shall be prosecuted for any Offence against the said Acts of the

twenty-second and twenty-seventh Years aforesaid, or either of them, or of this Act, whether upon such

Bond as aforesaid, or for any Penalty whatever, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, and shall be duly con-

demned therein, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, rc(use to grant to the Person so con-

demned, or to any other or others jointly with the Person (o condemned, a Licence to keep a Lotteiy Oifice

at any Time in future during the Continuance of this Act.

Licences may be refused to Persons convicted.

At the End of

11 Month- aficr

Expiration -of

Licences, the

Commissioperi

may give up

Bonds or put

them in Suit.

Licences of Per-

fons neilecting

to deposit or oi-

vide into Shares

50 Tickets to be

void ; and the

Defaulter* to be

In Cafes »here

Licences under

22 Geo III.

Cap. 47. are de-

clared void, in

such Cafes Li-

cences grant'd

2fter the Com-

mencement of

this Act shall be

void for Offenc es

against this Act,

or 27 Geo. 111.

Cap. f.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Person to whom a Licence shall have been or

shall be granted, shall continue, or cause to be continued, the Words, Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, or

any of them, or any Words to that or the like Eftedt, written or expressed upon or near the Door, or in

the Front of his, her, or their Office or Shop, or other Place for felling of Tickets, after such Licence shall

have expired, or shall be declared or become void, and due Notice thereof in Writing to remove the fame

shall have been given to such Persons or Person, or left at such Office, Shop, or other Place of such Persons

or Person, under the Hands of any three or more of the said Commissioners; or if any Persons or Person,

not having been licensed as aforesaid, shall caule to be written or expressed in Manner aforesaid, the like

Words, or Words to the like Effect, upon or near the Door, or on the Front of any House, Shop, or Place

in their respective Occupations, or shall continue or cause the fame to be continued thereon, alter such No-

tice

Penalty on Per-

fons continuing

on their Hou'e*

the Words Li-

censed, &c« at'ltr

Expiration ol

their Licences,

&c.

c.oooole

