170

No Person to

cMm as Exe-

cutor, Admi-

ni lira for, or De-

*ilee, without

producirg the

'Probate or Let-

ters of Admi-

niftratiun.

For prevent? ng

Doubts in the

Minds of the

Publick, with

respect to the

Credit of the

Company.

For appointing

Officers, and

making Allow-

ances to them.

Shares in the

Cipital Joint

Stock to be

,deemed personal

Estate.

His Mapfty

impowtred tfi

grant, and the

Company to

hold, the exclu-

fiveRight tr the

Penrulula of

Sierra Lcune,

See.

For feeoring the

African Mer-

chants from the

Operation of the

Act.

Proceedings not

to be vacated for

want ot Form.

Lim'tation of

A£ti?ns.

C. 55. Anno tricesimo primo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1791,

assigning or transferring, or authorising such Alignment or Transfer, of and in such and so many of his,

her, or their said Shares thereof, as in such Alignment or Transfer shall be mentioned, and all Benefits and

Advantages in respect thereof, until the Aliignee or Transferee, Assignees or Transferrees therein named,

his, her, and their Executors, Administraiers, and Alligns.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person who ill all claim any Share or Interest of or in the

Capital Joint Stock of the ianJ Company, either as Executor, Adunniitrutor, or Legatee, shall transfer

the fame, or receive any Dividends or Profits thereof, until he, she, or they shall have produced the Will,

or Probate of the Will, or the Letters of Adrninistration under which he, the, or they respectively claim,

unto the Person or Persons who shall have the Care and Keeping of tat said Transfer Book, in order to his

or their making nn Entry or Memorandum of such Will, Prohutc, or Letters of Administration, or of so

much thereof as relates to the Lid Stock, in a Book or Books to be by him or then kept and provided for that

Purpose, which Book or BoeLb shall be open in the Transfer Office, to be (ecu and perused at all ieulon-

able Times, by all Pci Ions concerned, without Fee or Charge ; and the Person or Persons keeping the said

Transfer Books is and are hereby required to provide and keep such Book or Books, and to make such

Entries and Memorandums accordingly.

XLI. And, to prevent any Doubts in the Minds of the Publick with respect to the Credit of the said

c Company,’ be it further enacted, That feme Time between the first Day of April and the fiift Day of

May in every Year, there shall be published and declared in the Leaden Gazette, a just and true Account

of the Debts, Credits, and Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company, signed by the Chairman*

Deputy Chairman, and five other Directors of the said Company for the Time being.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law ful for the Directors of the said Company for the

Time being from Time to Tunc to choose or appoint, or cause to be cholen and appointed, such Officers

and Servants as they shall judge necessary to be employed in the Service of the said Company, and to con-

tinue them, or any of them, in their respective Offices or Employments, in fueft Manner as they the said

Directors shall think fit; and also to fade and eilabliih proper Salaries, Fees, or Allowances to the Officers

and Servants so to be ciiofen and appointed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, and the Share

and Interest of each and every particular Member thereof and therein, liuli be deemed and adjudged, in all

Courts of Law and Equity, and elsewhere, to be a personal and not a ical Estate, and shall go to the

Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying peddled thereof, or entitled thereunto, and

not to the Heir of such Person.

4 XITV. And, for the better and,more eftedlually establishing and carrying on of the Trade and Bu(i-

nefs of the said Company,’ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and

SuccclTors, to make unto the said Company a Grant, by Letters l atent under the Great Seal of Great

Britain* of so much and such Part of all that Trad! or District of Land, situate and being at Sierra

Leone, on the Coalt of Af rica, and commonly called or known by the Name or Description of The Penin-

fula of Sierra Leone, as already may have, or shall hereafter, by any Grant, Purchase, or Cession from

any of the Kings, Princes, or Chiefs having Right therein, become vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and

Succefl’ors, with full Power, Liberty, and Privilege to and for the said Company to purchase of and from

all Kings, Princes, and Chiefs, or other Powers having Right to make Sale thereof, so nit.ch Land as shall

include the whole Tract or District so commonly called or known by the Name of The Penin/ula cf sierra

Leone as aforesaid, as the fame is bounded on the North by the River Sierra Leone, on the South by the

River Giramanea, on the East by the River Bunce, and on the Weft by the Sea, to hold the fame, and the

whole Ule, Property, and Possession of the said Peninsula (as vveil such Part thereof as may have so been

veiled in his Majesty as aforesaid, as also such additional Part so to be purciiafed by them under the Au-

thority of this Act, and his Majesty’s laid Grant) unto the said Company and their Assigns, upon such

Terms, Conditions, and Rcfcrvations to be infer ted in the said Grant, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cefibrs respectively, shall judge expedient.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Abt contained shall extend, or be con—

ftrued to extend, to affect the Rights of any other British Subjects trading to Africa, so as to prevent or in

any Manner to obstruct the Ships or Vcfteis belonging to British Subjects from anchoring in Sierra Leone

or Caranumca Rivers, or in any of the Creeks, Bays, or Harbours within the Limits specified in this A£t9

for the Purpose of refitting and repairing as heretofore, with full Liberty to the fame to erebt temporary

Tents, Huts, or Sheds on the Shores of the said Peninsula, for the Security, of the Stores and Accom-

modation of the Persons employed upon such Occasions; and that no Impediment or Obstrubfion shall be

given by the said Company, their Agents or Servants, to such BritiJI) Subjects, or their Agents, to pre-

vent their purchasing ivory. Wax, Camwood, and Provitions from the Natives, or procuring Fruit, Fire—

wood,'and Water as heretofore, without any new Charge being exacted for the fame.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this

shall be quaffied or vacated (or want of Form only.

XLVII. And be it farther enabled. That if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought, infti-

tuted, or commenced (in any Court of Great Britain) against any person or Persons, for any Thing done

in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities, or the Orders and Directions

herein-before given or granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or commenced

within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in case there shall be a Continuance of

Damage, then wimin six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cea(crB

11 aixi

