1

454-

Affirmation of

Quakers n be

admitted.

Per>a!t:es on

f> 3udu lent

Bankrupt*.

M- eting to give

Dire tlions

:Uour th: Peto.

\ei y oltl c

Eli -IJ,

?n*i to choose

C >nunii)ioners.

Seqncftr2ted

Fun.l how to be

divided.

Payments, &c.

of the Bank-

rupt alter the

fiill Deliverance

void.

Bona fide

Transa&'.iona

saved.

Estates devolv-

ing on the

Jl nkruj t afier

St qucftiaiion.

ArrrAments

ann Privib ges

within 6o ‘‘ays

of Sequestration

void.

Trustee to pro-

ceed co Recovery

of the Estate 5

and to call occa-

sional Mietings,

it aquired.

Heritable Pr -

peity of Cank -

i.ip's, hw to be

dialed or.

C. 74. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1^93^

Depute or Substitute; and if the Bankrupt be one of the People called $hiakers9 it shall be suficient to take '

his fblemn Affirmation upon the Matters contained in the said Oath,knd likewise in all other Cafes where an

Oath is required by this Statute; and all Persons convicted of taking the above Oath or Affirmation falsely

shall be held as guilty of Perjury, and of fraudulent Bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever ren-

dered incapable of holding any Office of publick Trust or Emolument,; declaring also, that if the Bankrupt

shall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair State of his Affairs, or to make Oath in the Terms above specified, or to

make a complete Surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent Bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and

rendered ever after incapable of holding any Office of publick Trust or Emolument, and in either Cafe shall

forfeit every Benefit or Privilege arising from this present Act, and be accounted infamous and incapable of

giving Evidence in any Court of Justice, or of fitting or acting on any Assize or Jury.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Creditors assembled upon the first law-

ful Day after the last Examination of the Bankrupt shall give Directions to the Trustee for the Recovery

and Disposal of the Bankrupt’s Estate, and the Trustee shall be obliged to follow the Directions and Rules

preferred by a Majority in Value of the Creditors assembled at this Meeting, or at any After-Meeting called

for the Purpose as after directed, and at the said Meeting immediately after the last Examination, the Majority

in Value of Creditors present shall also name any three of the Creditors as Commissioners for the Purpose of

auditing the Trustee’s Accounts, settling his Commission, concurring with him in Submissions and Com-

promiles, and giving their Advice and Assistance to him in any other Matters, as herein-after mentioned,

subject always to the Controul of General Meetings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Estate and Effects, of what

ever Kind, belonging to the Bankrupt at the Period of the Sequestration, or the Produce thereof, after paying

all Charges, shall be a Fund of Division among those who were his Creditors prior to the Date of the first

Deliverance aforesaid, and none else, Regard being had to Preferences obtained by Securities, or by Diligence,

before the said Deliverance, and not expressly set aside by this Act, but to no other Claims of Preference;,

and all Payments made by the Debtor to any of his Creditors after the Date aforesaid shall be void and inef-

fectual to the Receivers in the Event of a Sequestration taking place, and the Trustee shall be entitled to

recover the Money so paid as Part of the Bankrupt’s Estate; and all Transactions of the Bankrupt subse-

quent to the said Date, from which any Prejudice may arise to the Creditors, shall be null and void; de-

claring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona fide Purchaser of any Part of the moveable

Effects from the Bankrupt, while in actual Possession, and for a Price truly paid, to restore the Effects so

purchased, nor the Debtor of a Bankrupt who has paid his Debt to him, bona fide, before he knew of the Bank-

ruptcy, to pay it a second Time to the Trustee.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if posterior to the Sequestration any Estate-

or Effects shall devolve upon the Bankrupt, either in the Way of Succession or otherwise, he shall be obliged,

immediately when such Event happens, to make a full Discovery thereof to the Trustee, and shall at all

Times, when required by the Trustee, declare upon Oath before the Judge Ordinary, or any Magistrateor

Justice of Peace, whether any such Estate or Effects have come to or devolved upon him, in order that the

T1 uftee may have an Opportunity of taking such Steps as are necessary or proper for the Interest of his Con-

ftituents, and the Trustee shall likewise give Notice thereof to the Creditors, either at the next General Meet-

ing, or by advertising a Meeting for the Purpose.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Arrestment of the Bankrupt’s Effects

used at any Time within sixty Days before the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition for Se-

questration shall give a Preference to the arresting Creditor in the Event of Sequestration taking place, but

that in every such Cafe the Eftedls arrested shall be made forthcoming to the Trustee; and in case they have

been actually recovered by the arresting Creditor, the Trustee shall nevertheless be entitled to demand and

receive the lame from him as Part of the Fund of Division, in the fame Way as if the Arrestment had been

used for the Creditors at large; and in-like Manner no Poinding of a Debtor’s Effects, not completely

executed sixty Days at least before such Deliverance, shall give any Right or Preference to the Poinder In

the Event of Sequestration taking place, but the Poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the Interim Manager or

Trustee the Goods poinded, if not fold or disposed of, when he is required so to do; and in case they are

then fold or disposed of, he shall pay or caule to be paid to the Trustee the whole nett Price of the Goods

poinded, and which shall make Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors: Provided always,

that all Arresters and Poinders, who shall be deprived of the Benefit of their respective Diligences in confe-

quenceof a Sequestration, shall be entitled to demand or retain the Expence bona fide laid out by them in

prosecuting such Diligences, with ten Pounds per Centum more on the Price or appraised Value, as before

directed.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall proceed to recover

and convert into Money, in the I'peedicft and most effectual Manner, the whole Estate under his Management

or Power* whether at Home or in foreign Parts, in order that the fame may be distributed among the Cre-

ditors, and he shall, if required at any Time by one-fourth of the Creditors in Value, who have produced

and proved their Claims, be obliged to call a General Meeting, or he himself may, on any Emergency, call

such Meeting, suficient previous Intimation of every occasional Meeting, and the Purpose of calling it, being

always given by Advertilement in the Newspaper before mentioned a Fortnight at least before the Meeting;

and all Kefolutions of the Creditois at their General Meetings shall be final and conclusive, unless objected to

and complained of by a Petition to the Court of Session within thirty Days after the Meeting.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Part of the sequestrated Estate

confitts of Land or other heritable Subjects, it shall be optional to a Majority of Creditors in Value to deter-

mine.

