A.D. 1791. Anno tricesimo prima Georgii III.

C. 30. 113

Stewurtry, to fix and determine, upon Oath, the weekly Market Prices of the fevers.I Sorts of middling

Bmijt) Lorn ai d Oat-meal, ns the Bine v.vrexo:nnio;a’y bought and sold in that County or Stewartry in

enciiof the tour Weeks Ceil ffff preceding, according to the Evidence to be adduced of the said Prices in

ACi,ner herein after directed; and me fad Sheriff or Steward Depute or Subffitute {hall, in the Pidence

ot t!.e jury lo convened, proceed fbitLwith to take Proof of the weekly Market Prices of middling hr it: eh

M h‘-xt, R\e, Pea:o, Beaus, Ifftiffy, Peer or li:gg, Oats, and Oat-meal, as the kmc were coeimoiry

bcug.uand add within that Coua.ty or Stewartry in each of the said lour Weeks, by examining upon Oatij,

as runny Pci Ions ref*dent therein, and fkdful in the Prices of Corn and Q. t-inaal, v/ho arc, by the said

Sheriff or Steward Depute or Subffitute, lo be convened before him for that Purpoic, as I hall be nccefl.hr y

for com pit at Evidence of the weekly Prices afore laid, and thereupon the said Juiy lh.d!, by an Iidfrununc

in Writ!*g, under the [lands of the major Part of them, fix and determine the weekly Market Prices of

Wheat, kye, LVafo, Peons, Parley, Peer or Bigg, Oats, and Oat-meal, as the fame were commonly

bought and sold within that County or Stewartry in each of the said four Weeks, diffiuguiihing therein ail

the Prices of each of live (kid levtnil Sorts of Corn and of Oat-meal, in each of the find four Weeks; of

which weekly Pi ices so fixed and determined the said Snerift or Steward Depute or Subffitute fluffl forth-

with return an exact and dlitinet Account, under his Hand, to the Receiver or Corn Returns at

to ke appointed in Manner herein-affjr directed, and every such Return inall be lodged with, and remain in

the Custody of the said Receiver of Corn Returns, for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always. That

every fveh jury shall fix and determine the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal as aforesaid by the fame Measures

zrid \Y eights as inch Corn and Oat-meal is respectively bought and sold by in each respective County or

Stewaitry; and that the Sheriff' or Steward Depute or Subffitute, in his Return to be made and transmitted

as herein-before directed, shall issue me Prices in like Manner, and shall also compute therefrom, and (late

in his find Returns, the Prices of such Corn by the Buihcl commonly called The iVwchtjlcr Bu;hc/, and the

Price of such Oat-meal by the-Boll of one hundred and twenty -eight Pounds Scotch Troy, or one hundred

and forty Pounds Avoirdupois: Provided also, That the Prices ot Corn and Oat-meal shall be fixed and

determined in Manner aforesaid at GTJ'qzv in the County of Lanerk, and at PaiJIey in the County of Ren-

J'r. n', and at Thurjo in the County of Caithmfs, and at the County Towns in the other Counties in Scit-

and not at any other Town or Towns in the said respective Counties: Provided also, That the De-

pofitiens of the Perions to be examined touching the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal, purfuunt ta this Act,

shall be taken in Writing, and shall be signed by diem, and by the said Sheriff or Steward Depute or Snb-

stitute, and shall, together with tae Determination of the Jury thereupon, be preserved as Matter of Re-

cord by the Sheriff or Steward Clerk of that County or Stewartry, who shall give Extrads thereof to

all Persons demanding the fame, upon Payment of the like Fees as are exigible for Extrads of judicial

Proceedings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute, in Scotland, shall

have and exercise the like Powers for compelling the Attendance of any Person to give Evidence respecting

the Prices of Corn and Oat-meal, or to serve on any Jury for fixing and determining the said Prices, pur-

suant to this Act, as he has or may lawfully exercise to compel the Attendance of Witnesses or Jurymen

upon the Trial of any criminal Indictment before him.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff or Steward Depute, or if any Sheriff or Steward

Substitute, in the Absence of the respective. Sheriff' or Steward Depute, shall neglect, or omit, or delay

to cause the Prices of Corn or Oat-meal to be fixed and determined in the Manner directed by this Act

upon the respective Days herein-before appointed, or within three Days thereafter, or shall not forth-

with, after the fixing and determining thereof, return or transmit to the said Receiver of Corn Returns

such State of the Prices so fixed and determined as is herein-before directed, every such Sheriff’ or

Steward Depute or Subffitute respectively shall ior every such Neglect forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty

Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required

wkhin ten Days after the fifteenth Day of the Month of November one thousand (even hundred and ninety-

one, and within ten Days after the fifteenth Day of.every succeeding Month, to make up from the last

monthly Returns by him received from each Sheriff' or Steward Depute or Subffitute, an Account of the

weekly Prices of Corn contained in the said lass monthly Returns, within each respective Diitrict of Scot-

diffinguishing therein the t rice cf each Sort of Corn, in each Week, in each County or Stewartry

coinpreh meed in each Diffrict, an Account of which Returns he is hereby required to enter in a Book or

Rooks to be ktpt for that Purp-Tq and therefrom to make up and compute the average Price of each re-

fjiccnve Sort of Corn, during the find four Weeks, within each respective Districi j and the Bid Receiver

of Corn Returns is hereby directed foithwith to tranimit to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the

Customs for the Time being, of the several Ports within cadi such Diitrict of SatlnnJy a Certificate of the

average Prices of the several Suits of Corn lb made up and computed from the Returns of such Diitrict;

np.d the said respective Ceil jit rs, a: id other Chief Officers, arc hereby required to receive and enter the

lame in a Lock or Books to be kepi for that* Pur p.ffe, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in l'ome

publick Piece in the CuRnm-uu ffe thereto belong’ng, to which all Peribm may resort, and the Exporta-

tien of each Sort of Brlvj:j Corn, and of the other Articles as sdbreBid, and the Payment of the Bounty

thereon witniri that Dilffict, shall be governed and regulated by such average Prices in the Manner herein-

before directed, until new average Prices shall in like Manner be made up and computed, and a Certificate

thereof (fidi be tranimiued to such Collectors or Cificf Officers, and be by them received.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Bid Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby re-

quired, within ten Days after the hlteenUi Day of November one thousand fevtn hundred and ninety-one,

31 Geo. ill. . CL and

Account to be

tr.infmi:r?d to

the Receiver of

Corn Reiurm at

London, of the

i* rices, which

arc to be fixfd

by the Mecfuicl

and Weights

tWed in each re»

spedlive Coua*

Depositions

touching Price*

to be preferred

s Records.

Sheriff may

compel Evi-

dence, flee, tft

attend.

Penalty on She-

riffs notcaufing

the Pricei ta bt

fixed, dec.

With’n jo Day*

after Nov. 15,

1791, and so

munthly, the

Receiver of Com

Reiurnsto make

up Accounts of

the weekly

Prices of Corn

in each Dirtridt

in Scotland 5 and

to tran mit the

average Prices of

the last Month

to the Collector

of the Customs

at the several

Ports therein, as

the Guide for

Exportation. &c.

and also to make

up like Accounts

at the Times

