A.D. 1794.

ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III.

C. 20

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer

or Officers of Excise, at all Times* to untie and open any Ream or Bundle of Paper* tied up in any Wrap-

per or Cover having either of the aforesaid Classes of Paper denominated* marked, written, or printed

thereon, and to take thereout, by way of Sample, one or more Sheet or Sheets of Paper, not exceeding one

Sheet out of each Quire, paying for such Sheet or Sheets of Paper fb taken (if demanded) the Market

Price thereof; and if such Officer or Officers shall discover in any Ream or Bundle of such Paper, any

Paper or Papers of a different Class than that which shall be denominated, marked, written, or printed on

the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper shall be inclosed, then and in such Cafe every such Ream and

Bundle respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise ; and

the Person or Persons who shall have marked, written, or printed any such faife Class on any such Cover

or Wrapper shall, for every such Offence*, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of

Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, once in every six Weeks, make a true

Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper shall be made, of all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and

Glazed Paper respectively by him, her, or them made, within such six Weeks respectively; which Entries

shall contain the true Classes of all such Paper according to the said four Classes hereinbefore mentioned,

the Number of Reams and Bundles of Paper, and the real Weights of the Reams and Bundles of Paper

respectively of each such Clals, and also the real Number of Parcels, and the Quantity and Weight of all

such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, for or in respect whereof a Duty

of Excise is by this Act imposed, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect of such Entry the Sum of fifty

Pounds ; which Entries shall be verified upon Oath by the Makers of such Paper, Pasteboard, Adillboard,

Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, or his, her, or their chief Workman or Servant employed in

making the same ; provided that no such Maker or Makers shall be obliged to go further than the Market

Town next to the Place where such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respec-

tively shall be made, for the making of such Entries as aforesaid ; which Oaths shall and may be administered

by the proper Collector, Surveyor, or Supervisor of Excise, without any Fee or Charge for administering

the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker or Makers of

Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall, from Time to Time, within fix

Weeks after he, (he, or they shall make, or ought to have made, such Entry of the Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper by him, her, or them made as aforesaid, pay and clear off all

the Duties of Excise for all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by him, her, or

them respectively made, upon Pain of forfeiting double the Amount of such Duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Paper, Paste-

board, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or fufter to be re-

moved, carried, or sent away, from the Mill where the fame shall be made, any Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-

board, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, by him, her, or them made, until the proper Officer shall have taken

an Account thereof; nor shall remove any such Paper in any less Quantity than in a Ream or Bundle, nor

any such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper in any less Quantity than the entire Paicel

in which the Duty was charged, nor until every such Ream and Bundle of Paper, and every such Parcel of

such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scalecoard, and Glazed Paper respectively, shall have been duly weighed and

charged, and stamped, marked, or labelled as herein is directed, nor shall remove, carry, or fend away,

or fufter to be removed, carried, or sent away, any such Paper, without having thereon the Cover or Wrap-

per in which such Paper was charged with the Duty, nor any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard,

or Glazed Paper, without the Impression of the Officer's Stamp or Label, nor without the Officer or Offi-

cers Christian and Surnames, together with the Day and Year when such Duty in respect thereof was

charged, and the several Matters hereinbefore in that Behalf prescribed being marked, written, printed, or

fixed on such Cover or Wrapper of Paper, or on such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed

Paper respectively, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and every such

Ream or Bundle of Paper, together with the Package containing the fame ; and all such Pasteboard, Mill-

board, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, that shall be found removing or removed contrary to

the Dire£lions of this A£>, shall be forfeited, together with the Horses or other Cattle, Carriages, Boats,

Barges, or other Vessels, used in removing or carrying the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Offi-

cer or Officers of Excise.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, shall remove or convey away any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper from the Mill or other Place where the fame shall have been weighed by the

Officer or Officers of Excise, for the Purpose of charging the Duty, before the Expiration of twenty-four

Hours next after the fame shall have been so weighed ; and all and every Maker and Makers of Paper, Paste-

board, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper respectively, shall, from Time to Time, keep all such

Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and (Razed Paper respectively, which shall have bcenfo weighed,

separate and apart from all other Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper for the Space

of twenty-four Hours from the Time when the tame shall have been so weighed, unless the fame shall sooner

have been re-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, to the End that such Surveyor or Supervisor

may have an Opportunity to reweigh the fame after such Officer or Officers ; and if upon the re-weighing

any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or Glazed Paper, any additional Weight shall be

34 Geo. III. 3 T found.

S03

Officers may

take out Sam*

pies, and may

seize Paper

found of a dif-

ferentCIafs than

marked on the

Wrapper.

Penalty for

marking a faife

Class on Wrap-

per.

Paper Makers to

make Entries

at the Excise

Office every fix

Weeks of the

Quantities

made*

hut Hi all not be

obliged to go

further than the

n-rxt Market

Town.

Within fix

Weeksafterfucls

Entry made, the

Duty to be paii

on Penalty of

double the

Amount.

No Paper, Sec,

to be removed

until anAccourtt

shall be taken by

the Officer, See,

Penalty for DeV

fault.

No Pap*-, Sec.

to be removed 'ill

Hours afver

weighing.

Paper, Sec,

weighed to be

kept separate ,

from other Par-

eels, that the

Supervisor may

re-weigh it.

kr-

