3^2

If »hc Company

fi.-lt inform, the

I'rcportion of

the Penalties to

devolve on the

Company, tho’

r r sued for in

11 e limited

Time.

If Actions be

brought for un-

Jivwful arreftio?

of Persons found

in the bast In-

«'irf, &c, the

T-efendants may

plead the Gene*

ral Issue,

Pr :of to lie on

the Plaintiff.

Plaintiff to pay

'1 reble Costs.

So much of

9 and to Oul.

III. Cap 44.

a* inflicts Penal-

ty for illegally

trading to the

East Indict;

5 Geo. I.

Cap. 21.

So much of any

Acts as continues

$ Geo. J. C^p.

44. and 7 Geo. J.

Cap. 3i. as re

Jates to Puoilh-

ment o Persons

illegally trading

to the East

Indies}

9 Geo. I.

Cap. 16.

So much of

3 Gro. 11. Cap.

14 and

of 27 Geo. IT,

Cap. J7. as cre-

ates . n* Penalty

with Reference

to 7 Geo. I,

Cap. 21. for

suing, See, for

the fame j

So much of

1 o Geo. HI.

Cap. 47 as sub-

jc£b illicit

Traders to, in,

or from the East

In lies to To-

nally ;

So much of

13 Ge*. HI-

Cap. 63- as pro*

C. 52. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

Forfeitures by Information or Action at Law, then the said Informer or Informers {hall and may accord-

ingly sue for the same at Law, and the said Information or Action shall be proceeded upon, and shall not

be discontinued or determined except with the Consent of the said United Company, or their Court of Di-

rectors.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said United Company shall first inform, sue, and prose-

cute for any Penalty or Forfeiture for any of the Offences against this Act, then the Part, Share, and Pro-

portion of the Penalties and Forfeitures, otherwise given or appointed by this Act to any other Person or

persons who shall sue or inform for the fame, shall devolve upon and be to the Use of the said United Com-

pany, although such Information, Suit, or Prosecution be commenced by the said United Company after

Lapse of the Time limited by Law for the Suit, Prosecution, or Information of the common Informer.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That if, before such Determination of the said United Company’s

whole and foie Trade, as is herein-before limited, any Suit or Action shall be brought or commenced against

the said United Company, or any of their Servants, or any Persons acting by their Authority, for the Re-

covery of any Costs or Damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, seizing, imprisoning, fending, or bring-

ing to England, of any Person or Persons found in the East Indies, or other Parts aforesaid, within the Li-

mits of the said United Company’s exclusive Trade, or as r.ot being authorized to reside or traffick there,

the Defendant or Defendants to such Suit or Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matterin

Evidence for his or their Defence, and the Proof shall lie on the Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, upon the Trial of the

Jffue, to shew that at the Time or Times of arresting or seizing such Person or Persons respectively for the

causes aforesaid, in the Manner in which such arresting or seizing shall be laid or charged to have been done,-

in or by the Declaration or Declarations in such Suits or Actions, the Person or Persons so arrested W2S or

were in the Military or Marine Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or was or were under Co-

venant to serve the said Company in Indiay or was cr were duly possessed of a Licence or Licences in

Writing, authorizing him or them to go to or reside and traffick in India, or other the Parts aforesaid, or

that the"Person or Persons, not being in his Majesty’s Service, was or were, at the Time or Times of his

or their being so seized or arrested, entitled or authorized, by the Stipulation of such Covenants or Licences

respectively, to remain and continue in India, or other the Parts aforesaid; and in Failure of such Proof the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; and in such Cafe, or in any other Cafe wherein the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or wherein Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

upon Demurrer, or where a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, he or they shall have

Treble Costs awarded to be paid by the respective Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Action, any Law,

Statute, or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLV I. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign

of King William the Third, (intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund fort

Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to

the East Indies,) as inflidls any Penalty or Forfeiture for viliting, haunting, frequenting, trading, traffick-

ing, or adventuring in, to, or from the East Indies, or other the Parts before mentioned, contrary to the

true Meaning of the said Act; and the Whole of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King George

the Eirft, (intituled, An Ati for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from

the East Indies, and for the more effectually preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign

Commissions;) and so much of any Act or Acts as continues the said Act of the fifth of King George the

First; and so much of an Act of the seventh Year of King George the First, (intituled, An Act for the

further preventing his Majesty's Suhjefts from trading to the East Indies under Foreign Commissions, and for

encouraging and further securing the leuful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover,

Deal, and the Ijle of Thanet,) as relates to the Punishment or Prosecution of Persons for failing, going, or

repairing to, or trading, trafficking, or adventuring in, to, or from the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, to

the Prejudice of the said United Company, contrary to the Laws then in being, or to the said Act; and

the Whole of an Act made in the ninth Year of King George the First, (intituled, An Act to prevent his

Majesty's Suhjefts from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscriptionfor an East

India Company in the Austrian Netherlands, and for the better securing the lawful Trade cf his Majesty's

Suhjefts to and from the East Indies ;) and so much of an Act made in the third Year of King George the

Second, (intituled, An Act for reducing the Annuity or Fund of the United East India Company, and for aj-

certaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Pur-

pofty upon the Terms therein mentioned ;) and so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of King

George the Second, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies

arisen or to arise by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and

for explaining ayid amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers cfJuch Liquors, and for establishing an

Agreement with the United Company cf Alerchants of England trading to the East Indies,) as respectively

creates any Penalty or Forfeiture, with a Reference to the said Act of the seventh of King George the First,

for the Mode of suing, distributing, and recovering the fame; and so much of'an Act made in the tenth

Year of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act J'or better regulating Pc Jons employed in the Service of the

East India Company, and for other Pwpofes therein mentioned ft as subjects any Persons concerned in the

illicit TraJe to, in, or from the East Indies therein recited, or in any Trade thereby made punishable, to

any Penalty or Penalties; and also so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty1*

(intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations ffr the better Management of the Affairs of the East

India Company, as well in India as in Europe,) as provides for the Delivery of any Letters or Advices to the

Principal

