A.D. 1792. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 9, 10. 187

Authority of the same, That no Common Brewer shall fell Beer, Ale, or Worts, in any less Quantity than in

a whole Cask, containing four Gallons and an Half, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for

every such Offence; to be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any Law or Laws of Ex-

cife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him

or them who {hall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

C A E. IX.

No Common

Brewer to fell

Beer in less

Quantity than a

whole Calk con-

taining Gal-

lons and an -J,on

Penalty A 50 1.

How Penalties

shall be applied.

An Act for repealing, certain Regulations with respe& to Certificates on exporting Tea

to Ireland or America.

4 ^ITHERE AS by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Preamble,

4 VV George the Second, for per??iitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty* s Plantations in

4 America, without paying the Inland Duties, the Proprietor or Proprietors of Tea, imported into the King-

4 dom of Great B?dtain from Foreign Parts, and afterwards exported to the Kingdom of Irela7id> or to his

4 Majesty’s Plantations in America, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions mentioned in that

4 Act, or the Person or Persons appointed by such Proprietor or Proprietors to make Entry thereof, are re-

4 quired, in Manner therein mentioned, to produce to the Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers, men-

4 tioned in the said Act, a Certificate under the Hands of the Commissioners of Inland Duties upon Tea,

4 or any three of them, that such Security for Exportation hath been given as therein is mentioned ; and

4 which Certificate or Certificates the said Commissioners are by the said Act required to give accordingly :

4 And whereas the requiring such Certificate or Certificates can answer no good Purpose, and it is therefore

4 expedient that no such Certificate should in future be granted or required;’ be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-two, no such Proprietor or Proprietors, or

other Person or Persons, shall be required to produce any such Certificate, nor shall any such Certificate, from

and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be granted under the Hands

of the said Commissioners, or any of them ; and from and after the said fifth Day of 'July one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-two, such Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers shall deliver out of such Warehouse

or Warehouses to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons for Exportation, such Tea as is

by the said Act authorised to be exported, subject and according to all and singular the Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, and Provisions (other than and except the Production of such Certificate or Certificates as afore-

said) contained in the said Act, or any other Act of Parliament in force relating thereto.

21 G?o. 2. c. 14.

recited.

From July 5,

1792, the CertU

ficaies required

by the recited

A&, no longer

to be produced.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants issued for the apprehending and

committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws.

* 'f T 7 HEREAS many Persons, chargeable with the Duties of Excise, or incurring Penalties under

4 VV the Laws relating to the said Duties, do frequently avoid being taken in Execution after Conviction

4 for the fame, by removing out of the Jurisdiction where they were convicted, to the great Prejudice of the

4 Revenue be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, 'That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

two, in case any Person, against whom any Warrant of Commitment in Execution, commonly called A Body

Warranty shall be issued by any three or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England, or by any Justice

or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place within Great Bri-

tain, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating

to the Duties of Excise, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City,

Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiftion of the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices granting

such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said Commissioners

of Excise in England, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City,

Liberty, Town, or Place, in Great Britain, where such Person shall escape, go into, reside, or be ; and such

Commissioners of Excise, and Justice or Justices respectively, is and are hereby required, upon Proof being

made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices respectively

granting such Warrant, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, which shall be a sufficient

Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all other Persons to whom such Warrant

was originally directed, to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Place, out of the JurifJiftion of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices respectively

granting such Warrant as aforesaid, and to carry and convey such Offender or Offenders before the Com-

missioners of Excise, or Justice or Justices who indoried such Warrant, or some other Justice or Justices of

the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place where such Warrant was indorsed, who

3 are

Preamble.

From July 5,

1792,if any

Person aea:nft

whom a Body

Warrant is

granted, shall

remove out of

the JurifdkVion

where convitfed,

it may be in-

df rfed by the

CommiflVoners

of Excise, or any

Justice of the

Peace of the

Place where the

Offender shall

be, &c.

