g6 C. 30. ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. D* 1791*

• T A B L E B.

SHEWING the Prices at or above which Exportation of the several Articles therein men-

tioned is prohibited.

- Wheat. Rye, Pease, Beans. Barley, Beer, Bigg. Oats.

If at or above, per Quarter — Then not to export — s. 46 Wheat, or Meal, Flour, Malt, Bread, or Bil- cuit, made of Wheat. S. 3° Rye, Pease, or Beans, or Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Rye, Pease, or Beans. S. 23 Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or Meal, Flour, Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg. s. 15 Oats, or Meal, Malt, Bread, or Biscuit, made of Oats.

Corn, See. ex-

ported contrary

to this Act to

be forfeited with

the Vessel, &c.

If satisfactory

Proof be made,

from the Small-

nefs of the Quan-

tity, that any

such Corn, Src.

v/as on board

without the

Privity of the

Owner or

IVlafter, the

Vessel not to be

forfeited.

Corn, Sec. begun

to be fhipt Out-

wards, or such

Part thereof iS

shall be fhipt

within 20 Days

from the Entry,

may beexported,

thou^hthePiices

should in the

mean Time rife

to the Rates at

which the Ex-

pollution is pro-

hibited.

Act not to ex-

tend to Corn,

&c, for the Suf-

tenaoce of the

Crew, fee. of

any VeflTelj

or for vi*:u.«l*

in» his Ma-

iffty’s Ships of

War, Sec.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Corn, or other Articles, which shall be so exported, trans-

ported, carried, or conveyed, or lo laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be

exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and

that every Offender therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel of VV neat, Rye, Beale

or Beans, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, or Meal, Flour, or Malt made of any of the aforesaid Sorts of Corn,

and twelve Pence for every Pound Weight of Biscuit Bread made thereof, which shall be so exported, trans-

ported, carried, or conveyed, or lb laden or laid on board in any Ship or ether Vessel or Boat, in order to be

exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this Kingdom, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat wherein

any of the said Articles, herein before specified, shall be exported, or upon which any of the said Articles shall

be laden or laid in order to be exported, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel,

shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enabted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A& shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received to the Satisfaction of the Com-

missioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, in case any Ship or Vessel shall

be under Seizure by any Officer or Officers of the Customs for having any Corn, or any of the other Ar-

ticles as aforesaid, on board, contrary to the Meaning of this Act; or to prevent Evidence from being received

in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture of any Ship or Vessel for or on Account of such Corn,

or other Articles as aforesaid,being so on board, in order to lhew, from the Smallness of the Chiantity of the

said Corn, and other Articles as aforesaid, and other Circumstances of the Cafe, that the said Corn, or other

Articles as aforesaid, were on board such Vessel without the Knowledge ‘and Privity either of the Owner or

of the Maffier, or other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglebt or

Want of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Person having the

Charge or Command of such Ship or Vellel, and in every such Cafe where Proof {hull be so made relpec-

tively, such Ship or Vessel shall not be forfeited for or on Account of such small Quantity of Corn or other

Articles as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have entered Outwards

any Corn, or other Articles, as aforesaid, and shall have begun to ship or lay the fame on board, during the

Time that the Prices of MiJdling British Corn, taken in the Manner herein-after directed, shall be under

the Rates at or above which the Exportation of such Corn or other Articles is prohibited by this Act, such

Person shall not be prohibited from exporting such Corn or other Articles actually shipped or laden on board,

or so much thereof exprefl' in such Entry as shall be so shipped or laden on board within twenty Days from

the Entry thereof at the Custom-house for Exportation, although the Prices of Corn may have risen to the

Rates at or above which the Exportation of such Corn or other Arricles arc prohibited, nor from receiving

the Bounty by this Act allowed thereon in Crfcs where such Bounty is payable, although the Prices of Corn

may have risen to the Rates at or above which the Payment of the Bounty thereon is not allowed by this Act,

after such Person or Persons shall have begun to ship the fame, and before the Exportation thereof, Proof in

such Cafe being made by the Exporter, upon the Debenture, that the Corn or other Articles were really

and bona fide shipped or laden on boaid within twenty Days from the Entry thereof: Provided also. That

this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit at any Time the Exportation or carry-

ing out of such or so much of the said Corn or other Articles as aforesaid, as (lull be ncccifary to be carried

in any Ship or other Vellel on its Voyage out and home, for the Suflenance, Diet, and Support of the

Commander, Mailer, Mariners, Passengers, and others, or for the Ule or Suftennnce of the Cattle, Live

Stock, or other Animals on board of such Ship or Veilel, or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty?s

Ships of War or other Ships or Vcfl'els in his Majdiy’s Service, 01 for victualling or providing any oi I.is

