5i4

Interest on Bills

to be marked

upon them, b:-

fore Delivery at

the Navy Of-

fice.

Treasurer of the

Navy to receive

such Bills, mark

and cancel them,

and rn ke forth

Certificates.

Such Certifi-

cates to entitle

to an Annuity

of 5I per Cent,

per -Ann. from

Jan. I, 170

v-li'ch Hull be

J'erf.'nal Eftale,

and free from

Taxes.

A nnuities pay-

•al le out of the

'onfolidated

Funi, and ir-

redeemable, till

£5,000,000 of

the 3I. or

per Cents, be paid

Treasurer of the

Navy to give a

Cejtificate for

the Amount of

such Bills and

Joterest, which

may be aliigned

before Aug. 30,

1794, and shall

l c free from

Stamp Dudes.

Cinrd’ans may

deliver up Bills

fur Benefit of

Infante.

C. 21. Anno tricesimo quarto G e or g i t III, A.D. 1794.

’Time on or before the twelfth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and at such Place

or Places as shall have been appointed by Notice given in The London Gazette, and other public Papers, for

that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest which be-

came due on the said first Day.of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, for and in respeift of

the said Navy and Victualling Bills, shall be computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy and Vic-

tualling Offices respectively before the fame are delivered to the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, and the

proper Officer and Officers of his Majesty’s Navy and Victualling Offices respectively is and are hereby

authorized and required to compute and mark the Interest as aforesaid upon every such Bill which shall be

tendered to him or them for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy for the Time being to take in and receive from all and every Person or

Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is or are or shall be poilelTed of, interested

in, or entitled unto any such Navy or Victualling Bills, all the fa;d Bills which any such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, on or before the said twelfth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-four, deliver to fu^h Treasurer; and the said Treasurer, or his Paymaster and Gamier, is and

are hereby authorized and required to mark and cancel every such Bill, and make forth and iign the Cer-

tificate herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said Bills.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies

Politick and Corporate, who shall deliver any such Bill or Bills to the said Treasurer as aforesaid, upon pro-

ducing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said Treasurer in lieu of such Bills*

shall, in respect of the Principal Sum hereby granted for every Sum of one hundred Pounds, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or lefier Sum, have and be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of five Pounds per Cen~

turn per Annum, to commence from the said fifth Day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

four, and to be paid or payable to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or such as he, (he,

or they shall appoint, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectivfcly,

which said Annuities shall be in lieu of all other Interest for or in respect of such Bills, and shall be payable

half-yearly at the Bank of England* at two of the most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to

lay, the fifth Day of July and the fifth Day of January in every Year ; the first Payment thereof to become

due on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and that all Persons and Cor-

porations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Administrators, Suc-

cefl'ors, and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or

them, shall have good, lure, absolute, and indefeazable Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according,

to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed,

and shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any

foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary

not with (landing; and that all the said Annuities shall be free from all 'Faxes, Charges, and impositions

whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities, after the Rate of five.

Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Confohdated

Fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any

former Act or Acts of Parliament; and that the said Annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five

Millions of the Publick Debt, bearing Interest after the Rate of either three Pounds per Centum per Annum>

or four Pounds per Centum per Annumy shall have been redeemed and paid off.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the delivering in of such Navy or

Victualling Bills by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy,

or his Paymaster and Cashier, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to give a Certificate*

signed by him or them, for the principal Sum or Sums contained in such Bills, and also for the Interest which

shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said first Day of March one thousand

leven hundred and ninety-four, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or his, her, or

their Assigns, and all such Certificates shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon, made at any Time be*

fore the thirtieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer, and no such

Certificate or Alignment thereupon shall be charged witD any Stamp Duties whatever; and that the Interest

so computed and marked on every such Bill shall be added to the Principal Sum contained in every such Bill'

respectively, and the Amount of such Principal and Interest certified in Manner before directed shall be

the Principal Sums for which the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, delivering such Bills*

shall be entitled to such Capital Stock as aforesaid, after the Rate of one hundred and one Pounds for every

one hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lefier Sum, to-

be attended with an Annuity after the said Rate of five Pounds for Centum per Annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Infant or Infants shallhavebe*

come entitled to any of the said Bills, ill such Cafe the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees of such

Infant or Infants, shall or may, and he, (lie, or they is or are hereby empowered, for the Benefit of such*

Infant or Infants, to deliver up to such Treasurer all such of the said Bills to which such Infant or Infants

shall be so entitled; and such Infant and Infants, upon such Guardian or Guardians, I'rufteeor Trustees*

delivering up such Bill, shall be entitled to such an Annuity as aforesaid as fully as any other Person or Per-*

ions whatever > and the said Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, shall be discharged from the-

fame*

