Anno tricesimo G e o r g i i III.

43

A.D. 1790.

C. 40.

said Duties to pay, out of the Money in his Hands arising by the Duties by the said Act granted, unto such

Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every

4 two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, and in Proportion for a

4 greater or lefl'er Quantity, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in a rateable Proportion of

4 twenty-two Pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or

4 Grain, according to the Duties charged thereon in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, according to

4 the respective Stocks of such Distiller or Distillers, as the fame was taken by the Officers of Excise respec-

4 tively who surveyed the several and respective Malt Distillers between the twenty-second Day of Ofiober in

4 the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Commencement of the said Act ; and if the

4 said Collector should not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the said Sums so ordered, the Commis-

4 sioners should cause the fame to be paid out of any Monies arising by the said Duties, under and subject to

4 the several Provisoes, Rules, Restrictions, Regulations, and Provisions, in the said Act contained : And

4 whereas, between the said twenty-second Day of October and the second Day of November one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-four, certain Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn,

4 or Grain, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were possessed of large Quantities of Spirits made

4 and distilled by them from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which

4 Spirits had been regularly permitted from thence to London: And whereas no Provision is made, in or by

4 the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for any Allowance to be

4 made to such Distillers for or in respect of such Spirits ; and it is reasonable that some Allowances should be

4 made to them for and in respect of such Spirits Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, by and with the Consent and Approba-

tien of the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty*s Treasury, to pay, out of any

Money arising from the Duties of Excise in the Hands of them the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland,

unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thousand two hundred

Pounds Sterling for such Spirits, upon Proof being made, to the Satisfaction of them the said Lords Commis-

sioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, that such Spirits had been so permitted from that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Al-

lowance shall be made, unless the fame {hall be applied for by Memorial in Writing to the said Lords

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and ninety.

CAP. XL.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in-

tiruled. An Act for repealing the Ditties on Tobacci and Snuffy and for granting new

Duties in lieu thereof

The Commis-

sioners of Excise

in Scotland, with

the Approbation

of the Treasury,

may pay to Dif-

tillers in Scot-

land, who had irt

their Possession

between Oft,

21, and Nov. 1%

1784, Spirits

which had bee*

regularly per-

mittee o Lon-

don, 8,2ool. if

Application be

made to the

Treasury before

July 5, 1790,

I

• T T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Du-

4 VV ties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, it was enacted, That there

4 should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (among other

4 Things), for every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plan-

4 tations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, a Custom Duty of

4 one Shilling and Sixpence, and also an Excise Duty of two Shillings; and for every Pound Weight of the

4 like Tobacco which {hould be delivered for Exportation, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which

4 the fame {hould be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the said Act, a Duty of

4 Customs of one Penny, and also an Excise Duty of Two-pence : And whereas it was by the said Act pro-

4 vided. That if any such Tobacco {hould be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused ac-

4 cording to the Directions of the said Act, then, and in such Cafe only, the Duties imposed by the said Act

4 upon the Importation thereof, should not be paid or payable until such Tobacco should be delivered, either

for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or for Exportation, as the Cafe might be, out of the

4 Warehouse in which the fame should be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of the

4 said Act Be it enacted by the Kind’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That the said respective Duties of one Penny and Two-pence per Pound, and no other Duty or Only the Dutie*

Duties whatsoever, of Customs or Excise, {hail be paid or payable for or in respect of any Tobacco of the of id. and ad.

Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which {hall be Per Pound, im-

delivered for Exportation out of the Warehouse in which the fame {hall be deposited, lodged, and secured, ac- ^*the b*"

cording to the Directions of the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary in anywise paid for Spani^

notwithstanding. # # or Portugal To-

bacco, delivered for Exportation from th? King'* Warehouse.

Preamble.

29 Geo. III.

Cap. 6S. recit*d*

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Difference between the Weight of Tobacco taken upon

the Deposit thereof in the Warehouse, and the Weight taken at the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouses,

according to the Directions of the said Act, shall appear to have arisen from Shrinkage by lying in the Ware-

houses, then, and in such Cafe, the Duties of Customs and Excise, for and in respect of such Tobacco deli-

G 1 vered

If there be a

Difference in

Weight by

Shrinkage, such

Tobacco to be

paid for accord-

