323

A.D. 1^93- Anno.tricesimo tertio Georgit III. C. 29.

Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Ad-

vantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hun-

dred t pouf and Pounds, towards carrying on the War agairji France,) to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

XLIL -And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall from Time to

Time at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, during their carrying on any Pro-

ceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, with-

out any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commis-

sioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall de-

cline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or, having begun to act, shall decline to

•adt any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them, acting as aforesaid, by any

Writing under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commission-

ers of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time

being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or -Commissioners for the

Purposes aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refilling to act, or declining fur-

ther to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such

Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Cafe shall happen ; and the

Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Appro-

bation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act, by taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before provided

and directed, shall be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act

unto the said Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politick or

Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be iiliied by virtue of this Act by Way of Loan to

any Persons who may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which shall

be exprefl' therein respectively, together with such Interest as may have accrued thereon at the Time of

advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Interest for such Loan, at the Rate of live Pounds per Centum

per Annum, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may receive and fend all their

Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, provided that such Letters and Packets, as shall be lent

to the said Commissioners be directed to the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills at their Office,

and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their said Office, and shall be

signed, on the Outside of such Letters and Packets, by such Person as the said Commissioners, with five.

Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and

under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think, proper and

direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That any Wares or Merchandizes sold by publick Sale by 'Way of

Audtion, under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be (bid free of the Duty impole-d upon Sales by

Audtion.

XLVIL And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until fourteen Days Notice thereof, in

Writing, shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a

sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after fix

Calendar Months next after the Fact committed ; and every such Action shall he brought in the said respec-

tive Courts of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middlejex or City o( Edinburgh respectively,

and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may piead the Ge-

neral Issue, and give this Act and the speciul Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that

the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear 1<> to be

done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame,

or shall be brought without fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or

Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the:

Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff’or PlaintilFs shall become nonsuited, or (ufter a Discontimiance

of his, heY, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defen-

dant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and fnaji have l'uch Remedy for recovering the fame, as any

Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cults of Suit in any other Caies by Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or

cause or procure to be forged, counter (cited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or afliff in the forging,

counterfeiting, or altering, any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners by this Act appointed

as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Receiptor Receipts to be given by the Cashier orCafhiers of the Bank

of England, in pursuance of this Act; or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer for the 7'ime being, or to any Officer appointed by him, or. to the said Commissioners by this

Act appointed, or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the

Execution of the Powers of this Act; or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or

Certificates, Receiptor Receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to

defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person

whomsoever,. then and in every such Cafe all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof.

lawfully.

Commissioners

to give an Ac-

count of their

Proceedings to

the Treasury.

Major Part of

Commissioners

may fill up Va-

cancies by

Death, See. wi'h,

the Consent of

the Treasury,

Persons advanc-

ing Exchequer

Bills may cna*ge

5 per Cent. ?n:e-

rest.

Commissioners

may receive and

fend Le:ters frcc-

of Pofldge.

Deposits not lia-

ble to the Auc-

tien Duty.

Limitation cF

Anions.

General lflos.

Treble CofU.

Persons counter-

feiting Certifi-

cates, &c, guilty

of Felony,

c.

