298

No foreign Am*

bailadors, &c. to

be deemed

Aliens.

A& not to ex-

tend to Aliens

»3t more than

14 Years old.

Certificates, &c#

to be given

gratis*

Frefli Passports

or Certificates

may be granted

for loft ones, &c.

Persons ad-

judged to be

transported, to

be sent to such Places as his Majesty in Council shall appoint.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person ordered or

adjudged to be transported, shall be found at large within this Realm after Sentence of Transportation pro-

nounced, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall l'uffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall andmay be lawful for any

Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any pecuniary Penalties shall be recovered in pursuance of this

Act, in calc the fame shall not be forthwith paid, to award and issue Warrants of Distress respectively, for

the levying of such pecuniary Penalties upon the Goods and Chattels of any Offender or Offenders, and to

cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen Days, ren-

dering to such Offender or Offenders the Overplus (if any there be), and for want of sufficient Distress toim-

prison the Party offending till Satisfaction be made; and that if cither Party think him or themselves aggrieved

by any Judgement or Order to be given or made by any Justice of the Peace acting in pursuance of this Act,

touching any pecuniary Penalty relating to the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or

Persons to appeal from the same to the Justices affernbleJ at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden

for the County, Shire, or Stewarcry, where such Judgement or Order fhll have been made, who shall

finally determine the fame; and no Writ of Certhrjri shall be allowed, ta remove the Proceedings of the

said Justices, touching the pecuniary Penalties aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party or Parties so

appealing as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing, by the Space of fix Days next before such Sessions,

shall be holden as aforesaid, unto the other Party or Parties, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such

Appeal, and that it shall and may be lawful for such Justices so assembled to award Costs to either Party, as

they shall in their Difcreton think fit, to be levied by \ Vari ant of the said Justices, or any two or more of

them, on the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties against whom the fame shall be awarded: Provided,

also, That in case there be not the Space of fix Days between the first Judgement or Order of any Justice or.

Justices and the Quarter or General Sessions then next following, that then such Appeal may be made at

the iecond General or Quarter Sessions after such Judgement or Order made.

justice and the nrct Session, the Appeal may be made at the Iecond.

Persons ordered

to be transported,

to suffer Death,

if found within

the Realm.

Penalties may

be levied by

Distress.

Parties aggrieved

may appeal to

the Quarter

Scaio'13.

No Writ cf

Certiorari to be

allowtd.

Parties appeal-

ing to give fix

Dajs previous

Notice.

Justices ki Sef-

ir>n may award

Costs.

11 there be not

iix Days between

the Order of the

C. 4. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III, A.D. 1793.

in foreign Parts, and continuing engaged in such Trade or Commerce, or being employed as Agent or

Factor by any such Person in foreign Parts, shall resort to this Kingdom, bona fide, for the Purpose of trans-

acting the Business of the said Trade or Commerce in which such Person in foreign Parts shall have been

and shall be so engaged as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no foreign Ambassador, nor other

Kublick Minister duly authorized, nor the domeitick Servants of any such foreign Ambassador, or publick

dinifter, registered as such according to the Directions of the Laws nowin force, or being actually attendant

upon such Ambassador or Minister, nor Aliens born who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or

who shall have been naturalized by Act of Parliament, shall be deemed Aliens within the Meaning of this

Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Alien,

in respect of any Act done or omitted, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the Age of

fourteen Years at the Time of such Act done or omitted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Certificates, Passports, Notices,

and Licences, herein-before required to be given by any Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of

the Customs, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrates respectively, shall be given

without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any PaiTport or Certificate,

issued to any Alien by virtue of this Act, shall be loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and such Alien shall produce

to one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, from the Oftice of one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries

of State, a Copy of the Passport or Certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and shall make it appear to

the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he or she is the Person named in such Passport or Certificate, and that

the fame has been loft, mislaid, or destroyed, without his or her wilful Neglect or Default, it shall and may

be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to grant to such Alien a fresh PaiTport or Certificate,

which shall be of the like Force and Efteft as the PaiTport or Certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes in which any Person-

shall be adjudged to be transported, the Transportation shall he adjudged to be, and shall be, to such Place

or Places as his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall direct or appoint.

Limitation of

Actions.

Central Iifue.

Double Costa,

vr 1 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

4" 4 r ...nferuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by Colour

1 ime be sued or pr or therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced,

of this Act, 01 ? ‘ Months next after the Offence shall be committed, and such Person or Persons shall

withm and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if

and may plead tl.t O for ^Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

up°,} rial a Ve dist IP* J tojr mProsecution, 0r if Judgement be given for the Defendant or

DetnSanls^ ^on^DeSeT or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs to him or

them awarded against the Plaintitt or Plaintiffs. XLII. Pro-

4

