The TITLES of the STATUTES.

the said City; and for repairing the Road from the said

Great Road, by Dry*ate and Whhchill, to Carntyne; and

for repairing and widening several other Roads; and for

building a Bridge over the River Gyde,2X or near Theeves-

foord \ and for opening and making certain Streets in and

near the City of Glcfruu.

108. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

repairing, the Road through the several Parishes of Saint

Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South

Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

109. An Act for opening a new Road from Milford, in the

County of Pembroke, to Stawton, and for amending and

widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stain-

ten aixl fohfzn, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same County.

Ho. An Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining,

amending, and making more effectual, the Powers of two

several Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for making

a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saii.t

,'John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein

i.vntioned, and for keeping the fame, and several other

Roads adjoining, in Repair.

411. An Aci for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, fer repairing the

Road leading from Chaptl on the Heatlt, in the County tf

Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill,/# the County of Glou-

cester.

J12. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of

the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the several Roads from the South Gate in

the Borough of King’s Lynn, into the Panjhes of East

Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham, in the

County of Norfolk.

*13. An Act for continuing an Act, of the tenth Year of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads

from the East Gate in the Borcirb of King’s Lynn, into

the Parishes of Gey ton and Grim ft one, and to the Gate

next Hillington on Congham Common, and to the North

End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the

rowers, of an Act, of the thirteenth Year of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading

into the "Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and for

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets

or Highways within the said Town, and also certain fnlall

Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprised

in the said Act.

115. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the 'Third, for repairing and widening the

Road from Lewes to Brighthclmflon, in the County a/Suflex.

116. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from the Alcefzr and Evefhdm 7'urfmike

Road at the End of IVixford Lam, in the County of War-

wick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old

Lane, in the County of Gloucester.

1 Mr. An Act to continue and amend an Act, of the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy

Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon,

to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmore, in the said

County.

118. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing and' widening the Roads Lading from Bright-

helmfton to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County

of Sussex.

119. An Act to enlarge the Term of art Act, passed in the

tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty repair-

ing and widening the Road from W mtchurch, in the County

of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaiion

Great Bridge, in the County rf Berks.

120. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powersof threefeveral

Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth

and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing frt'cral Roads therein mentioned, leading to

and from the Town of S hep ton Mallet, in the County of

Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called

Long Grefs Bottom to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near

Batcomh Church, in the said County; and for paving,

cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and

other publick P adages, within the said Town.

121. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair*

the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian

Medford Bridge, and from Caine to Lynehcim Green, and

from the Direction Poll in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard

Alarsh, to Crick lade, in the County of Wilts

122. An Act for er Jarging the Term and Powers of two Acts*

of the sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and

the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Road from Bowes* in the County of Y01 k, to Brough under

Stainmore, in the County of Weltmorland; and for repair-

ing and widening the Road from Maiden Caftie to Kaber

Cross, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said

Counties.

123. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A&9

passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for n pairing and widening the Road from Darly

Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaiton, in the County of

Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between

Leek and Alhborne, in the said Counties of Derby and

Stafford.

124. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act*

made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, fer ripairing the Highways from that Part of

Counter’s Bridge which lies in the PariJ}) of Kensington,

in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of

Brentford and Hounslow,h? the Powder Mills, in the Road

to Stanes; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the

Road to Colnbrook; Twd for repairing, turning, or alter-

ing, the Highway Lading from the said Road, at or near the

End of Sien Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said

County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of T ed—

dington Field; and also the Highway Lading out of the said

great Road, near Smallbury Green Tumpjke, to a House

known by the Sign e/'The George, in the Town ^/'Isleworth

a fore said; and for lighting and watering Part of the said

Highways

125. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act*

passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The

Brdken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester*

over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike

Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning

and exchanging Part of the said Road.

126. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Roads leading from the Town of Havcfordwejl to

the City of Saint David's, and from the said City to Ca-

erfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of

Pembroke'*

127. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the tenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, wi-

dening, turning, and altering the Roads from Buttcrtoa

4 Moor

