THE

ST ATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. tricesimo secundo.

4 T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster^ the twenty-fifth Day of November, Ann9

4 ZA Domini one thousand seven hundred and niuety, in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of our

jL Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and

4 Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirty-first Day of January one thousand

4 seven hundred and ninety^two; being the second Sessionof the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain/

CAP. I.

An Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made to regulate the

Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

4 TX7 H ERE AS by an Act, passed in th#e eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

<An Act to explain and amend an Ady made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, “ An Act to

u regulate the Trials of Controverted Electiojis, or Returns of 'Members to serve in Parliament it is enacted,

4 That, on the Day appointed by the House of Commons for taking into Consideration any Petition com-

4 plaining of an undue Election, or Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, the House shall not pro-

4 ceed to any other Bufinefe whatsoever, except the swearing of Members, previous to the reading the Order

4 of the Day for that Purpose: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials cf Controverted Ekdionsy or

4 Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the House,

4 previous to the reading such Order, to proceed to such other Bullnefs as in the said Act is particularly

4 specified: And whereas it is of Importance, that the like Power should be extended to the several Cafes

4 Tierein-after mentioned ;* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That on the Day appointed by the House for taking into Consideration any

Petition complaining of an undue Election, or Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, or the Petition

of any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or the Right of chusing, nominating, or

appointing any Returning Officer or Returning Officers, which shall have been deemed valid by the Deter-

mination of any Select Committee, jt shall and may be lawful for the House, previous to the reading the Order

or Orders for taking any such Petition or Petitions into Consideration, to receive any Message or Messages

from the Lords; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the House, on the Days appointed for the Trial

of any Articles of Impeachment exhibited or to be exhibited by the Commons before the Lords in Parliament, previous to the reading any such Order or Orders as aforesaid, to proceed to any Business that may be

ueceflary for the Purpose of carrying on the Prosecution of such Impeachment.

pointed for Trial of Articki of Impeachment, Business neceflVy for carrying on the Prosecution may in like Mann«

32 Geo. III. B.b CAP.

Preamble.

11 Geo. 3. c. 4*.

and 1$ Geo. 3.

c. 52. recited.

On Days ap-

pointed by the

'Commons for

taking Petitions

into Considera-

tien, Messages

from the Lord*

may be received

previous to read*

ing the Order of

the Day 5 and

on Days ap-

te proceeded on.

