<A» D. 1791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii I. C. 37, 38.

Italy shall, after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, be imported or brought

' into Great Britain otherwise than directly from thence, the fame {hall be forfeited, and the Importer thereof

shall be subject and liable to the like Penalty as is imposed, by the said recited Act, on the Importation of

foreign wrought Silks and Velvets not manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies, and not being

Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy; and the Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act

shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of, and applied in such ana the like Manner, and

under the like Rules,-Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said

recited Act may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of and applied, in as full and ample Manner,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and each and every the Powers and Directions contained in the said re-

cited Act were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation from Great Britain

of any Silk Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, which shall be imported after the said fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall not be paid or allowed to the Exporter

thereof any Drawback or Allowance whatever of the Duties paid on the Importation of such Silk Crapes

or Tiffanies; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjells of his Majesty s Colonies and Plant-

ations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to

the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign

JJlands in the West Indies; and also an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goodss

Wares, and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay,

and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of

Grenada, in the Port of Rofea in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nafiau in

the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and

Restrictions.

4 WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his prefetit Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

c VV An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in

€ North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America ;

4 and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in West Indies, it is, amongst other

4 Things, enacted, That no Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Malls, Yards, Bowsprits,

4 Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease,

4 Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, should be imported or brought

4 into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the

4 Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included) from any Island in the West

4 Indies under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the

4 Forfeiture therein mentioned: And whereas it is equally expedient that the said Articles should not

4 be imported or brought from any foreign Colony or Plantation whatsoever, on the Continent of

4 South America, belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State P May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Augift one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-one, no Tobacco, Pitch, Far, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bow-

fprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease,

Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, shall be imported or brought into

any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands,

and the Bermuda or Somers Islands, are included), from any Colony or Plantation whatsoever on the Con-

tinent of South Americaunder the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign* or State, under the Pe-

nalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported or brought,

together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to be leized, sued for, prosecuted,

and recovered, and the Produce thereof to be disposed of and applied as any Forfeiture incurred under

the said Act.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful in case of publick Emergency or Distress, for

any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the'l ime being, of any of

the said Islands in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the

Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar,

Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lum-

ber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain

of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any Colony or Plantation on the Continent of South America, be-

longing to any foreign European Sovereign or State, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Islands;

and provided always, That such Goods and Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be im-

31 Geo. HI. T polled

*37

faniesof Italy, if

imported not gU

reftiy from

rhsnce, to be

forfeited.

Penakiesmay be

recovered and

applied as under

the recited Act.

No Drawback to

beallowed on the

Exportation of

Italian Silk

Crapes or Tif-

sanies.

Preamble.

28 Geo, 3. c. 6.

recited.

From Aug. r,

1791, none of

the Articles

herein specified

to be imported

into the Weft

India Islands

trum any Colony

in South Ame-

rica, belonging

to a foreign Eu.

ropean Sove-

reign, on Pe-

nal.y of For-

feiture,

except by the

Authority of the

respective Go-

vernors, in Cafes

of publick

Emergency,

& c.

