A.D. 1-791. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III: C. 55.

. XVII. And be it further *enacted, That where more Persons than one shall be jointly interested in one or

more Share or Shares in the said Capital Joint Stock, they shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in

respect of such Share by the Person only whole Name shall (land first in the Books of the said Company as

joint Proprietor of such Share or Shares.

pm. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the Person or Persons by this Act required to

take any Oath shall be of the People called Quakers, it shall be sufficient for him or them, intlead of the

Oath required, to make his or their solemn Affirmation to the fame Effect.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of being elected or chosen a Director

of the said Company, who shall not at the Time of such Choice or Election have, in his own Name, and

in his own Right, and for his own Use, and not jointly with or in Trust for any other Person or Persons,

one Share at least in the Capital Joint Stock of the said Company; and that upon parting with his Share

rn the said Capital Joint Stock, or reducing the fame to less than one Share as before mentioned, the Place

of such Director so parting with, reducing, or diminishing his Share in the said Capital Joint Stock, as

aforesaid, shall become vacant, and another Proprietor shall be elected Director in his Room by the Mem-

bers of the said Company, according to the Rules and Methods herein prescribed or mentioned, any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person nominated to be a Director shall be capable to ad in

the said Office of Director until he shall have taken an Oath, in the Words or to the Effect following,

(videlicet:)

44 T A B. do swear, That one Share at least of the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company,

44 JL whereof I am appointed or elected to be Director, doth at this Time belong to me in my own Right,

44 and not in Trust for any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

44 So help me GOD.”

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Oaths by this Act required or appointed

to be taken by the said Directors of the said Company, every or any of them respectively, shall and may

be administered by the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City for the Time

being, or any of them, or by any two or more of the said Court of Directors, who shall first have taken

the said Oaths, and they and every of them respectively are hereby authorised and required to administer the

said Oaths accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to be nominated Director or Directors

as aforesaid shall, for the Space of forty Days after’such Nomination or Election, and Notice thereof given

or lent to, or left with or for him or them at his or their usual Place of Residence, by Writing under the

Hand of the Secretary of the said Company for the Time being, neglect or refuse to take the Oath hereby

appointed'to be taken by the said Directors of the said Company, or shall refuse or neglect to take upon

him his or their Office or Offices of Director, then and in such Cafe the Office or Place of Director of every

Person so neglecting or refusing shall become vacant, and a new Election or Elections shall be made into

such Place or Places by the Members of the said Company, according to such Rules, Methods, and Quali-

fications of the Eledors as herein-before is mentioned and prescribed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors for the Time being, or the major

Part of them (whereof the Chairman1 or Deputy Chairman to be always one, unless in such Cafes as

herein-after mentioned) shall and may from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, assemble and

meet together at any convenient Place or Places, for the Direction and Management of the Affairs or L>u-

finefs of the said Company, and then and there hold Courts of Directors for the Affairs or Business of the

said Company, and summon General Courts to meet as often as they shall fee Cause; and that the said

Court of Directors* or the major Part of them, so assembled, shall and may ad according to such Bye

Laws, Constitutions, Orders, Rules, or Directions as shall from Time to 'Lime be made and given unto

them by the General Court of the said Company, and in all Cafes not especially provided for by any Bye

Laws, Constitutions, Orders, Rules, or Directions made by the said General Court, the said Court of

Directors, or the major Part of them, so assembled, shall and may direct and manage all the Affairs and

Business of the said Company, not especially appointed by this Act to be done by the said Company, in a

General Court of the fame, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions, Limitations, Rules, or Appointments^

as are contained in this Act on that Behalf.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Matters- and Things which the said Court of Directors, or

the major Part of them, shall order and direct to be done by Sub-committees, or other Persons appointed

under them, shall and may, by virtue of such Orders, be done by the said Sub-committees and other Per-

fons so appointed, as fully as the said Court of Directors might lawfully do the fame.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Directors shall have Power and Authority to ad-

minister an Oath to their Secretary, for the faithful and due Execution of his Trust, in the Words, or to

the Efted following, (videlicet:)

44 T A\ B. being elected into the Office or Place of Secretary to the Sierra Leone Company, do swear,

44 J. That I will be true and faithful to the said Company, and will faithfully and truly execute and diU

44 charge the said Office of Secretary, to the utmost of my Skill and Power.

44 So help me GOD.”

And

t6j

Where Joint

Proprietors hold

a Share, the Per-

son whole Name

Hands first in the

Form shall vote.

Quakers to make

Affirmation? in-

stead of the

Oa-.hs required.

No Person to be

chosen a Dilec-

for, unless pof-

felfed of one

Share at least in

the said Capital

Joint Stock.

Form of Oath so

be taken by the

Directors.

Oaths to be

taken by Direc-

tors to be admi-

niftered by Loid

Mayor, &c.

In case any Per-

son chosen Di-

rector refuses or

regleCls to qua-

lify or take the

Office, a new

Election to be

made.

For holding

Meetings or

Courts of the

Diretlors,

Sub -committees

may be appoint-

.

The Secretary'*

Oath.

