300 C. 5—8. Anno tricesimo.tertio Georgii III. . A.D. 1793,

foners to ah#

fwer.

Ad not to ex-

tend to Debts

due to the

Crown, 8rc.

Continuance of Act.

not extend to any Debt or Debts that may be owing to the Crown, nor {hall it affect any Proceeding which

at any Time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any Commission of Bankrupt: Provided also, That

this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

Provided also, That this Act shall continue and be in force for five Years, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Preamble.

The Families

of Militia Men

chosen by Lot

ordered to march

on actual Ser-

vice to receive a

weekly Allow-

alice out of the

Poor Rates, to

be reimbursed

out of the

County Stock.

Coun'y Trea-

surer reimbur-

sing such week-

ly Allowances to

Families of Mi-

litia Men serving

for other Places

than where the

Families re fide,

to deliver an

Account to the

Treasurer of the

County where

the Person shall

serve, who fhaII

pay the fame.

Joftiees ordering

Relief to Fami-

lies of Substi-

tutes not serving

f«r the Parities

where their Fa-

milies dwell, to

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore-

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand leven hundred and ninety-three. [4/. in the £.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia

of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein\ and to explain and amend an

Act of Parliament pafifed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending, and reducing into one An of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

c E REAS the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, as well as the Families

4 ▼ Y of Corporals, Drummers, and Fifers, and of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers serving there-

4 in, when embodied and called out in actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to

1 the Parishes whereunto they belong: And whereas no Provision is made for such FamiliesBe it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

feme. That if any Person who shall have been or shall be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, or any Cor-

poral, Drummer, or Fifer, serving therein, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, and

ordered to march, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of

the Parish, Tithing, or Township, where the Family of such Militia Man {hall dwell, shall, by Order of

some one Justice of the Peace, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tithing, or

Township, pay to such Family a weekly Allowance according to the usual and ordinary Price of La-

bour in Husbandry within the said County, Riding, Division, District, or Place, where such Family shall

dwell, by the following Rule; that is to fey. Any Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day’s such La-

bour, nor less than one Shilling, for each and every Child born in Wedlock and under the Age of ten

Years; and for the Wife of such Militia Man, whether (he shall or shall not have any Child or Children,

and provided (he does not follow the Regiment, any Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day’s such La-

bour, nor less than one Shilling; and in every Parish, Tithing, or Township, where the Money arising by

such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a

Sum sufficient for that Purpose; and every such weekly Allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the Over-

seer or Overseers of such Parish, Tithing, or Township, by the 'Trealurcr of the County, Riding, or Place

where such Parish, Tithing, or Township shall be situate, out of ,the publick Stock of l'uch County,

Riding, or Place.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Treasurer of any County, Riding, City, Town, Li-

berty, Division, or Place, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid, who shall, after the passing of this

Act, reimburse to any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tithing, Township, Hamlet, or

Vill, any Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, on Account of the weekly

Allowance to the Family of any of the Persons aforesaid, serving in the Militia of any County, Riding,

City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, other than the County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Di-

vision, or Place where such Family shall dwell, shall deliver ortranfmic an Account of such Moneyas he shall

have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Ri-

ding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, where such Family shall dwell, 10 the Treasurer of the

County, Riding, City, Town, Liberty, Division, or Place, in the Militia whereof l’uch Person shall serve ;

and thereupon the Treasurer to whom such Account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid*

shall and is hereby required to pay to the Treasurer who shall have so delivered or transmitted such Ac-

count, the Sum or Sums so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers, and shall be allowed the

feme in his Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Family of any Substitute, hired

Man, or Volunteer, serving in the Militia when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to

march, shall become chargeable to the Parish wherein such Family shall dwell, and such Substitute shall not

serve for the same Parish, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace who shall make any Order for the

Relief of such Family, at the fame Time to direct the Overseers of the Parish for which such Substitute shall

serve to reimburse the Money so paid to the Overseer or Overseers who shall have advanced the feme, in

pursuance

