A. D; 1793. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 80. 473

€t chard in the Parish of Hillingdon, the Property of Fish Be Burghs Esquire, in the Occupation of

44 Jo/eph Allen; an Orchard in the same Parish, the Property of-----* Williams, in the Occupation

44 of Francis Mattinley; an Orchard in the same Parish, the Property of William Green hilly in the

a Occupation of Charles We/l3 a Messuage in Fenny Stratford, the Property, and in the Occu-

<c pation of John Welchman; two Cottages in Fenny Stratford aforesaid, the Property, and in the Oc-

44 cupation of—:-----Mayn\ and also one other Cottage in Fenny Stratford aforesaid, the Property of

44 James^ucasy which are meant to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act. The Company

44 not to lay. Elarth on the Inclosures in Stoke Bruern. The Grounds to be taken for the Canal and Col-

44 lateral Cuts, and for the Towing Paths thereto, and the Ditches and Fences to separate such Towing

44 Paths from the adjoining Lands, mall not exceed twenty Yards in Breadth, except in such Places where

44 any'Docks, Basons, Reservoirs, or Pens of Water, shall be made, or where the Canal and Collateral

*4 Cuts shall be raised higher or cut above five Feet deeper than the present Surface of the Land, and except

44 in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Boats to turn, lie, or pass each other, or where any

<4 Warehoutes, Cranes, or Weigh Beams, may be erected, of where any Wharfs may be appropriated for

41 the Reception of any Coals, Cime, Timber, or other Goods and Merchandizes, which shall be conveyed

44 on the Navigation, nor in any Place more than forty* five Yards in Breadth. Line of the Canal to be

*4 guided by Plans and Books of Reference. No Deviation of more than one hundred Yards, from the

44 Plans and Books of Reference, shall be made without the Content of the Land Owners. No Towing

44 .Path to be made North-weft of the Canal in Welton. No Building to be erected on the Towing Paths,

*4< except for the Navigation. Bodies Politick impowered to tell and convey Lands. Lands separated into

*4 small Parcels may be exchanged or fold. Contrafts and Sales to be made at the Expence of the Com-

44 pany. If Parties cannot agree, the Price to be settled by the Commissioners or a Jury. Yearly Rents to

44 be charged on the Rates; or, if not paid, the Company’s Boats, may be teized or distrained upon

44 for the fame. Every Person seized, or entitled in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of or in a

<c Freehold or Copyhold Estate, situate within the Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hert-

x% fordy and Middlesex, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and also the eldest Son or Heir Ap-

44 parent of every Person having such Estate, of the clear yearly Value of five hundred Pounds, and also every

4< Person residing within any of the said Counties, and having a personal Estate, or real and personal Estate

44 together, of the Value of three thousand Pounds, are appointed Commissioners for settling and adjusting

4C all Questions and Differences which may arise between the Company of Proprietors and the several Persons

44 interested in any Lands, Tenements, Mills, Mines, Waters, or Premites, which may be taken, used, af-

44 fefted, or prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted. Commissioners not to act

44 where interested, and to take an Oath. Commissioners acting not being qualified, shall forfeit 100/. and

44 Costs of Suit. Commissioners may act as Justices of the Peace ; but not as a Commissioner whilst they

44 hold any Place of Profit under the Act. Proceedings of the Commissioners to be entered. General

44 Meetings of the Commissioners appointed. Meetings to determine Disputes, &c. to be held within ten

44 Miles of the Canal. Commissioners shall fix the Price of Lands. If Parties are dissatisfied with theDc-

44 termination of the Commissioners, Value to be ascertained by a Jury. Verdict of the Jury, &c. to be

44 final. If Parties are unable or unwilling to treat, a Jury to ascertain the Value. Directions given for

44 defraying the Expences of Commissioners, Witnesses, and Jury. Persons requesting Juries to enter into

44 Bonds to prosecute. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors before Complaint to the Commit

44 sioners. Sheriffs or other Persons making Default, subject to Penalties. Compensation to be made for

41 Tithes. Verdict for Value of Lands and Damages to be ascertained separately. Power toenter and take

44 Possession of Lands, &V. on Payment or Tender of Purchase Money. Verdicts to be recorded. Power

44 to provide Warehouses at a Distance from the Canal. Company obliged to purchase small Pieces of Land

44 separated in making the Canal. Purchase Money belonging to Corporations, £sfr. to be laid out to the

44 fame Uses. Commissioners to settle the Proportion of the Money to be paid to the several Persons in-

44 terefted. Line of the Canal in Ojlerly Lands prescribed. No Water to be taken from, or Works erected

44 within Ojlerly Lands, or the Lands of John Robinson, Esquire, the Duke of North umberlandy or fames

44 Clitherow, Esquire. Land Owners may become Proprietors if they desire it. Leflces may become Pro-

44 prietors where Land Owners decline it. Reservoirs to be provided for supplying the Rivers Gade, Colne,

44 and Bulborney with as much Water as shall be taken for the Use of the Canal. An equal Quantity of

44 Water to be returned to the River Brent as shall be taken from it. Waste Water from the Summit at

44 Marjworth to be conveyed Southwardly. Millers not unnecessarily to draw down the Water of their

44 Mill Streams to the Prejudice of the Navigation. If the Company deepen any Streams, they shall make

44 good the Damage the Occupier of any Mill thereon shall sustain. Company to divert the Water from

44 Mill Streams for rebuilding or repairing any Mill. Navigation of the Brent not to be impeded. To

44 prevent Injury to the Mills of Bax and Company. No Injury to be done to the Pipes and aqueducts for

44 supplying Uxbridge and Hillingdon with Water. The Canal to be carried by aqueducts across the River

44 Colne, between the Point and Uxbridge. Surplus Wages below Uxbridge and the Brent, to be conveyed

44 into Cranford Brook. Notices and Restrictions respecting Cow Moor and Uxbridge Moor. Canal not to

44 communicate with the Colne below Uxbridge. A Tumbling Bay to be erected upon the Colne above the

44 Point. Claute to prevent Mr. Hanmer*s Mill from Injury. Soil of the Lands to be laid at a Distance

44 from Materials for making the Canal. Not to diminish the Water of the Thames and Ijts above Dzrcbef-

44 ter Bridge* Company enabled to raise 500,000/. If not sufficient, the Company may raise a further

44 Sum of 100,000/. among themselves; or by Mortgage. Interest to be paid in Preference to Dividends.

44 Five per Cent. to be paid to the Proprietors till the Works are completed. Subscribers to.have a Vote for

3 P 2 “ every

;

