The . TITLES of

5,7. An Act for the better Regulation of warehoused To-

bacco, and for permitting certain Tobacco o* the Spahish

Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of

the British Plantation Duty.

5$. An Act to allow to Ships carrying on the Southern

Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the fame

Premium as they are now entitled to it they do not pass

the Equator. #

59. An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign

Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time;

and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein

mentioned.

60. An Act to enable the PolLmaster General to fend the

Adail to the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty, on Board

of any Vessels authorised by his Catholick Majesty to

carry the fame.

61. An Act for the Regulation ofDittilleries in Scotland,

and the Exportation of i?r/7//7j-made Spirits from England

to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited

Time.

62. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

63. An Act to permit Goods and Commodities of the

Growth, Production, or Manufacture ot Afuiy Afrtcay or

America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported

from thence into Great Britain.

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the fc-

venth and eighth Years of King William the I hird, inti-

tuled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Air ni-

ters to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular

Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the elefling and

returning such Members^ so tar as relates to the Publica-

tien of Notices of the Time and Place of Elcition.

65. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aflfor

regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the

Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the

Bounty on British Corn exported.

66. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the

better and more eftedlually manning his Majesty’s Navy.

67. An Act for better preventing Offences in obstrudling,

destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in ob-

ftruiling Seamen, Keelmen, Cafters, and Ship Carpenters,

from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

iH. An Act for remedying Inconveniencies attending certain

Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and

for the County Palatine of Chester, in the Court of Com-

mon Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the

Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and

in the County Courts in Wales.

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and

Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland\

and for granting other Duties on Licences to fell certain

dittilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof.

70. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on

Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and

Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on

the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Expor-

tation, of Virginal Wire of Copper ; for empowering the

Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers

to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods dur-

ing the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners

of the Customs and Excise, to fell Vessels, liable to be

broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers.

71. An Act for further continuing, fora limited Time, an

Act made In the twenty-fevemh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Afl to enable the Lord High

the STATUTES.

Treasurer y or Commissioners of the Treofury, for the Tim?

being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an A fly made in the

twenty ffth Year of his present Majesty's Reigiiy on Horses

let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons

as floould be willing to contrast for the fame.

72. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund ; for applying a

certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three 5

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament.

73. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend

several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping

and carrying Slaves in British) Vessels from the Coast of

Africa.

74. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more

equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland.

75. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Afl for consolidatingy extendingy and

rendering more cjfeflualy the Powers granted by J'cveral Afls

of Parliamentyfor makingy enlarging, amending, and cleans

ing the TaultSy Drainsy and Sewersy within the City of

London, and Liberties thereof; and for pavingy cleansing

and lighting the StrcetSy Lanesy SquareSy Yards* Courts*

Al/eysy Pofj'agcSy and PlaccSy and preventing and removing

Objlruflions and Annoyances within the same.

76. An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the

Bland of Newfoundland, and the Blands adjacent.

77. An Act for further settling and securing a certain An-

nuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lore

Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in

consideration of the eminent Services performed by the

laid late Lord Rodney to his Majesty and the Publick.

78. An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of

WaleSy to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices*

Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Royal

Highness’s Duchy of Cornwally or annexed to the fame;

and for the other rurposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbetty Ef-

quire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and die Reve-

rend Francis Tuttey the legal Representative of Randolph

Tuttc deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of

the County of SuJfeXy to pay certain Sums of Money re-

ceived by them the said Treasurers, or either of them, on

Account of the not railing the Militia of the said County*

into the publick Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied

as therein is directed; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

80. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunjlony in the

County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or

near Brentfordy in the County of Muldlefexy and also certain

Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

81. An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Afl

for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in

J\melting Cotper and Lead OreSy and in Fire Engines, for

draining Water out of the Copper and Lead MineSy within

the Ijle of Anglesey.

82. An Act to explain and amend an Act, nafled in the ele-

venth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for thz

better pavingy cleanfingy light ingy and watching Haydon

Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard,

Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church

Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Paf

6 /«&<*

