A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-third Year of the Reign.

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 33 Georgii III.

x. AN Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or

other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations,

^ for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or

for any other Confident ion, created and issued under or

in die Name of any publick Authority in France.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty to restrain the Exportation

of Naval Stores; and more effectually to prevent the Ex-

portation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when

prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

3. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been con-

cerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of

Council rdpecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat

Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the fame,

and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and

also for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exporta-

tien of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes;

and to permit the Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour,

on the Low Duties.

4. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens

arriving in this Kingdom, or.resident therein, in certain

Cales.

5. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to

the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a cer-

tain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned

in the Act, to make Discovery of,|and deliver, upon Oath,

their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for granting ah Aid to his Majesty by a Land

33 Oeo. hi.

Tax, toberaifedin Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-three.

8. An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by

Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Sub-

stitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act

of Parliament passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing

into one Att of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Mi-

litia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulat-

ing the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging

to the United States of America, so far as the fame relate

to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this

Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging

to the said United States.

11. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and (or giving further

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Member

and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been ftaraped,

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to

I provide. Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time

f to

Digjtized by

