52

The Ntmei of

the Per foot who

shall have deli-

vered Certificate!

at the Bank, and

the Sums, to be

entered in a

Book, of which

a UupUcare is to

be sent to the

Exchequer by

April 5, 1791.

The principal

Sum! of the

Certificates *0 be

carried to the

Credit of the »e-

spedlite Persons

in the Books of

theBank, which

snap be trank

feared.

A nmi'tle? pay-

able at the Bank,

and free of all

Taxes*

Annuities pty-

able rot of the

Consolidated

Fund*

Whera Interest

to Oft. 10,1790,

/hall have been

computed agree-

able to recited

Act, it flnll be

payable accord-

ingly.

Treasury to or-

der Money for

Faynaentof An-

nuities* to b? if.

faed at the Ex-

chequer, (3CC,

C. 45. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1790-

and equal Portions, during the said Term; (that is to say), On the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of

October in every Year during the said Term, the first Payment thereupon to be due for half a Year on the

fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ni:icty-one, and so shall continue until the Quarter Day*

next preceding the Time at which the several Annuities by this Act granted shall determine, and the Quarter's

Annuity for the l ime then remaining unexpired, shall be paid to the Day on which the fame shall become

due; and in each and every such Cafe, the Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit arising, or which might arise

toluch Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns,

under and by virtue of the said Act, of, in, or to any Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship,

shall cease, determine, and shall be deemed and adjudged to be merged and extinguished in the said certain and

abiolute Term of Years by this Act granted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accountant General of

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided

and kept, in which the Names of every Person and Persons who shall have delivered to the Governor and

Company Certificates to be made out by the said Auditor in pursuance of this Act, and the principal Sum*

contained therein, shall be fairly eiuercJ, which Book or Books the fa; J Persons, their Executors, Admini-

strators, Sticcefibrs, and Assigns respectively, and all and every Person and Persons who shall continue to

have an Interest of and in such Life Annuity or Annuities* with Benefit of Survivorship as aforesaid, shall

and may, from Time to Time^ and at all seasonable Times, resort to and insped without any Fee or Charge;

and that the said Accountant General shall, on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-orie, traniinit an attelled Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the

Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, these to remain.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as toon as any Person or Persons (hill haw

delivered to the said Governor and Company any Certificate or Certificates to be made out by the said Audi-

for, in pursuance of this Act, the principal Sum and Sums exprdFed L11 the Certificate or Certificates so de-

livered to the said Governor and Company, (hill forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed

to the Credit of such respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, convert-

ing such Annuity or Annuities respectively ^ and the Persons to whose Credit such principal Sums shall be fab

placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to

assign and transfer the fame, or any Parr, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any Person or Persons, Body or

Bodies Politic or Corporate whatever, in the Books of the Bank of England, and such Sums shall carry ao

Annuity after the Rare of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, in respect of every Sum of one hundred

Pounds and five Shillings, fbrthe certain Term of hxty-nine Years and one Quarter of a Year, from the

said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, and shall be taken and

deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Annuities for the Term of sixty-nine,

Years and one Quarter of a Year, by this Act granted, shall be payable and paid, and be transferable at the

Bank of England, and that such Persons, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and

Assigns, converting any such Life Annuity or Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship as aforesaid, into cer-%

tain Annuities for the said Term of Years, dull have, receive, and enjoy, the said Annuities of four Pounds

and five Shillings by this Act granted, in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings ad—-

vanced and paid in Manner in the said Act directed, for the said Term of Years by this Act granted, aoA

shall have good and sure Interestsand Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contain-

; and that the said several Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever*

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said converted Annuities, after the

Rate of four Pounds and five Shillings per Annum, by this Act granted and made payable, in respect of every

Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings subscribed and entered in the Books of the Bank of England%

in pursuance of this Act, shall from their Commencement be charged and chargeable upon^ and are hereby:

charged upon, and made payable out of the Monies,which shall from Time to Time arise and be in the Re-

ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Rates and Duties composing the Consolidated Fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Contributors

towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, their Executors, Administra-

tors, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have had the Interest, to become due on the said tenth Day of Oftoker

one thousand seven hundred and ninety, computed by the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England, pursuant to the Adof the fast Session of Parliament, beintitled to have and receive,

at the Receipt of the Exchequer*such Interest for all Monies by them advanced and paid, at and after the Rate

in the said Act mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the Monies by this Act appro-

priated as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, to answer the said several and respective Annuities, herein

aireded to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or

any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafarer for the Time being, without any further or other

Warrant to be required, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of

Payment in this Act appointed for Payment, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer to the

First or Chief Cashier or Cathiers, for the Time being, of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, and their Successors for the Time being, by Way of Imprcft, and upon Account, for the Payment

of the said several and respective Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and that such Cashier or Cashiers,

to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued, shall, from Time to Time, without Delay,

pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Ex-

chequer.

