444*

*7 Geo. III.

Cap. z6. recited.

The Treasury

may lec to farm

the Duty on Post

Horle< in le pa-

rale Diflri£U#

Continuance of

Conti atle.

Powerof recited

Act to extend to

this Act).

C. 71, 72. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793*

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High

4Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time beings to let to farm the Duties

granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Tear of his present Majesty's Reign} on Horses

let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as floould be willing to contract

for the fame.—[17th June 1793.3

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for

the Time being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Tear of his present Ma-,

4 jejlfs Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to

4 contract for the fame, the Lord High T reafurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more

4 of them, for the Time being, were impowered either by themselves, or by his Majesty’s Commirtionersfor '

4 managing the Duties on Tramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto duly authorized, to let to farm

the several therein recited Rates and Duties, to such Persons as should be willing to farm the fame, for any.

4 Term not exceeding three Year?, at a Relit not less than the gross Amount which the fame should appear

4 to have produced within the Year ending on the first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 fix, under certain Rules, Directions, Regulations, and Restrictions, expressed in the said Act: And whereas

the Powers of the said Act were continued by a subsequent Act, of the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, for a certain Term of three Years, which will expire on or before the first Day of Febru-

4 ary one thoufar.d seven hundred and ninety-four: And whereas it appears to be expedient, that the Provi-

4 fions and Powers of the said Acts should be continued for a limited Time May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament artem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the first Day of Au-

gujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners

of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby impowered from

Time to Time, as it shall and maybe necessary, either by themselves, or by his Majesty’s Commirtionersfor

managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto authorized for that Purpose,

under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of

the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, to let to farm separately in Distri&s, the

said Rates and Duties arising within each District, to such Person or Persons as {hall be willing to farm the

fame, so as the said Rates and Duties respectively shall, from Time to Time, be put up at a Relit not lefsthau

the gross Amount which the fame produced within the Year ending on the first Day of August one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-seven, under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions pre-

fer ibed in the said Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Contrail or Agreement for letting to farm the Rates

and Duties aforesaid, shall be made to continue for a longer Time than until the first Day of February one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

III. And be it further enacted, T hat all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and For-

feitures, and all other Directions, Matters, and Things prescribed or appointed by the said recited Act, not

altered by, or repugnant to this Act, shall be in full Force and Effeit, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as

if the fame, and every of them, had severally been re-enaited in this Act.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated

Fund *, for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for further appropriating the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.—[21ft June 1793.]

44 3,0.64,000l. may be irtued out of the Consolidated Fund; which may be raised by Leans or Exchequer

44 Hills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax.

44 Tallies of Loan to be (truck, fJc. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid inCourfc. No Fee

44 to be taken for registering, OV. on Penalty of treble Damage? and Costs. Not to be deemed undue Pre-

u ference which Oiders of the fame Date brought the same Day, are entered first, so they are all entered ;

4' nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for Payment, if Money be reserved todif-

44 charge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer

44 Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Ad of the present St1 (lions *, the Provisions of which Ad (ex-

e< cept such as charge the Bills on the Malt Duties, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills

c 44 anJ

