57°

dulcs, &c, to

forfeit toI. and

Treble Costs,

A ppV cation of

Penalty.

A.Tunees to

compound with

Lord -of Minors

for Copyhold

or Customary

Estates.

The Debtor’s

Riphtonly to be

iffrited by this

Act.

Mortgages, &c.

totake place of

Claims of an in-

'■ rior Nature.

Power of leaf-

ing Lands veiled

in Assignees.

The acting

Gaoler at the

Timeof deliver-

ing Lifts to be

the Person

(worn.

C. 69. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III, A.D. 1794.'

sonable Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, oe

his or their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the fame to be inspected as, aforesaid in

the Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to himror shall alk or take more than

after the Rate of Six-pence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in-Proportion

for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Schedule

on being requeued as aforesaid so to make the fame, and having the Money tendered to him for Payment

of such Copy after the Rate aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds,

which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminsier, by

Action of Debt, together with Treble CoftsofSuit, in the Name of any Person who shall* prosecute for the

fame, and one Moiety of which Money forfeited dial), when recovered, go for the Party who prosecutei

for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be com-

mitted.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as afore*

said shall enter oh, or take any Profit from any Copyhold or Customary Estate as aforesaid, he or they (halt

agree a nd compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the fame shall be holden, for -

the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath heretofore been

most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lord or

Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden for the* said

Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees, Tenant or Tenants*

to such Copyhold or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of* whichs

the fame shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Debtor had therein at th£

Time of his or her being adjudged entitled to the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid, reserving the Rents*,

Duties, Heriots, Customs, and Services payable and to be rendered in respect of the said Copyhold or

Customary Premises.

XXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affebl any Estate, orlnte-

rest, or Right whatsoever of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may be expec-

tant upon or subject unto the Estate or Interest of the said Debtor, hereby veiled in the said Clerk.of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer aftrng as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest, and Rfght

whatsoever of every other Person or Persons shall remain, continue, and be saved; to them in the fame Man-

ner as if this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatnothing in this Act shall extend*

or be confirmed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate of such.Debtor or

Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprized

in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Re*

cognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or- obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take

place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Debtor or Debtors; and also where any Inqui-

sition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have

been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such.Difr

charge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of every such;

Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for- lo much as shall remain.due upon fuchi

Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and

Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment would have been preferred to other Creditors of an

inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of liich Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this Act:

had not been made; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof iivanyw-iie nofcwith-

standing.

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act are seised-

and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their natu-

4 ral Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates-for one,.

4 two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of-Years determinabletipor* Lives;

4 which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors-:’ Be it-therefore

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Cafe, all and every the Powers of leafing such.

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such, Debtor or-Debtors-as afore-

laid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such.

Debtor, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed lor the Benefit of all and every,

the Creditors of such Debtors as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is.held

in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never aft as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any

4 Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them, as Gaolers or.

4 Keepers of such Gaols or Prisonshe it therefore enabled. That, in every, such Cafe, the Person who shall,

have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Pnfon at the

Time of the delivering in the Lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol or

Prison at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the prin-

cipal Gaoler or Keeper, (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper

himself,) shall take the Oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such

Gaol or Prison*

u XXV* And

