A.-D.X791* ving Annoying tricesimo primo Georgii III. 0. 25.

after Payment at the Place where the fame was first issued, in the Manner herein after directed, but not other-

wife, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall

amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp

Duty of three Pence; and where fiuch Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed

thirty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall

not exceed fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of nine Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds,

and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling; and where such Sum shall

exceed one hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling

and six Pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Promissory

Note, or other Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be re-issued

from Time to Time after any. Payment at the same Place, or any other Place than where the fame

was first issued in the Manner herein after directed, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the

Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed

five Pounds and five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum

shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one

Shilling:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange,

Draft, or Order, payable other wise than on Demand, or any Promissory Note, or other Note payable

otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed

therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed thirty Pounds, there

shall be charged a Stamp Duty of six Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed thirty Pounds, and shall

not exceed fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of nine Pence; and where such Sum shall exceed fifty Pounds,

and shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling; and where such Sum shall

exceed one hundred Pounds, a^id shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling

and six Pence:

1001.—1 s. 5 above 100 1, and not exceeding

*3

able to the

Beaief on De-

mand* ®nd re-

issuable from

Time to Time

where first

issued.

For every fbeh

Note for 40 s.

and not above

5 1 5 s. re-

issuable where

first issued, or at

an\ other FUcc,

—6 d. ; and

above 5 V, 5

hut nil exceed-

ing 30 1.—1 t.

For every Draft,

&c. payable

otherwise than

upon Demand,

for 40$. and not

above 30I,—-6d ;

above 301. and

not exceeding

jol.—9d. j

above 50 I. and

not exceeding

ICO 1.—1 s. 6 d.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, For every Draft

Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, payable on Demand, or otherwise, shall be ingrossed, writ- or Note for

ten, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred Pounds, more ihaoacol.

there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of two Shillings: “2,*#

All which Rates and Duties shall be payable and paid by the Person or Persons respectively making or sign- Duties payable

ingfuch Bills of Exchange* Promissory Notes, or other Notes, Drafts, or Orders by ihe Drawer.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Foreign Bills of Exchange, which shall be drawn in

Setts, according to the Custom of Merchants, with any higher Rate of Duty than the Rate following ; that is For every Fo-

to say. Where the Sum expressed in such Bills,or made payable thereby, shall not exceed one hundred Pounds, feign Bill drawn

there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of six Pence ; and where such Sum shall exceed one hundred Pounds, in Sett.s> not

and shall not exceed two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of nine Pence, and where, such Sum shall exceed ^c6e*d,.ng IOO,#

two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling : Provided that every Bill of each Sett of such Bills so aboveVoo 1. and

drawn shall be charged, and every such Bill is hereby declared to be chargeable with the like Duty, according not exceeding

to the Rate above mentioned. *c© 1—>9 d. and

abo^e 2001.—1 s,

IV. Provided al(b, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Order* on Bank-

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Draft or Order for the Payment of erS within 10

Money to the Bearer on Demand, bearing Date on or before the Day on which the fame shall be Miles or the

issued, and at the Place from which the fame shall be drawn and issued, and drawn upon any Banker r,ace

or Bankers, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker or Bankers, and residing and transacting the Belt I* on

Business of a Banker or Bankers within ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually mand, exempt

drawn and issued. f,om i^ty.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Notes and Bills Eank compofu

whatever, which shall be issued by or on Account of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- tien,

landj shall be freed and exempted from all and every the Stamp Duties herein before imposed, upon the

Terms and Conditions that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall pay, into the

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, the full annual Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, by equal

half-yearly Payments, to be made on or before the tenth Day of OSlaber, and the fifth Day of April in every

Year ; the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven

hundred and ninety-one; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, perfont drawing

or other Note, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to forty Shil- Bills, &c. con-*

lings or upwards, by this Act intended to be .stamped as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the true Iptent and trarr to this Act

Meaning of this Act, be ingrossed, written, or printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall not be be an^wcr»blc

stamped or marked according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall be stamped or marked with a Stamp ,or 1 e utjr*

or Mark of a lower Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, then, and in every such Cafe, there

shall be due, answered, and paid, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the full Rate or Duty hereby

chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which Rate or Duty shall be payable by and charged upon all and every

M 2 Person

