A.D. 1792. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 46

V. And be it further enacted, That upon any Decree or Judgement given in a Surrogate Court, for any

Sum exceeding forty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Party against whom such Decree.pr Judgement shall

be given, to appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court, having first given Notice of such Intention, and having

entered into a Security to the Surrogate, in double the Sum for which such Judgement or Decree was given

or made, within two Days after making or giving such judgement or Decree, for duly prosecuting such Ap-

1>ea!; and upon any Decree or Judgement given in the Supreme Court, for any Sum exceeding one hundred

^ounds, it shall be lawful for the Party, against whom such Decree or Judgement shall be given or made, to

appeal therefrom to his Majesty in Council, having first given notice of such Intention, and having entered

into Security, to be approved by the Chief Justice, in double the Sum for which such Judgement or Decree

was given or made, within two Days after the giving or making of such Judgement or Decree, for duly

prosecuting such Appeal; and in all Cafes of Appeal, as soon as Notice shall be given, and Security entered

into as aforesaid, Execution shall be stayed, but not otherwise. ,

VI. And whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement of the Trade and Fishery of New-

4 foundland, if such Effects as Persons becoming insolvent in the said Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands

4 aforesaid, were possessed of or entitled unto, within the said Island, or on the Islands or Seas aforesaid, or on

the Banks of Newfoundland, should be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath hither-

4 to been practised be it further enacted, That, as often as the Goods, Debts, and Credits of any Person

shall be attached, and it shall be made appear to the Court out of which the Process of Attachment hath

issued, that the Goods, Debt?, and Credits so attached are not sufficient to pay twenty Shillings in the Pound

to all those who shall be Creditors by Reason of Debts contrafted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on

the Islands and Seas aforesaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland, it shall be lawful for such Court to summon

the Party whose Goods, Debts, and Credits are so attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have

sued out any Attachment, and also such Persons who are known to be Creditors as aforesaid of the Defendant,

to appear in Court at a certain Day; and if upon a due Examination of the Defendant, and the said Creditors,

it shall appear that he or she is insolvent, the Court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly, and shall

immediately proceed to take Order for discovering, collecting, and felling the Effects and Debts of such Per-

son, and distributing the Produce thereof rateably amongst all the said Creditors of such Person so declared

insolvent, or to authorize some Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors, to perform the fame, such

Person or Persons first entering into a Recognizance in such Sum as the Court shall think fit, for the due

Performance of his or their Duty therein; and that such Couu mall from Time to Time make such Order

therein as shall be deemed proper, for better discovering, collecting, and felling die Effects and Debts, and

making a rateable Distribution thereof among the said Creditors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distribution to be made of the Estate and Effects of such Person

so declared insolvent, every Fiftierman and Seaman employed in the Fishery, who Ihnll be a Creditor for

Wages become due in the then Current Season, shall first be paid twenty Shillings in the Pound, so far as the

Effects will go; and in the next Place, every Person who shall be a Creditor for Supplies furnished in the Cur-

relit Season, shall be paid twenty Shillings in the Pcund; and lastly, the said Creditors for Supplies furnished

in the then Current Season, and all other Creditors whatfi'ever, shall be pau! equally in Proportion, as far as

the Effects will go, provided that the said Creditors for Supplies furnished in ihe then Current Season shall not

be paid more than twenty Shillings in the Pound on the Whole of -heir Debt.

VIII. And be it furrher enacted, That if such insolvent Person shall make a true DifcJofure and Discovery

of all his or her Goods and Effects whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the Order and Direction of

the said Court, the fame shall and may (with the Content of one Half in.N umber and Value of his or her Cre-

ditors) be certified by the said Court, and such Certificate, when pleaded, shall be a Bar to all Suits and

Complaints for Debts contracted within the Island of Newfoundland, and on the Islands and Seas aforesaid,

and on the Banks of Newfoundland, prior to the Time when he or she was declared insolvent.

IX. And be it further enaCted, That where any Cause of Asti«n shall have arisen before the first Day of

Juguji one thousand (even hundred and ninety-two, no Suit or Complaint shall be commenced thereon at

the Distance of more than six Years from the Time when such Cause of Action arose.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Chief Justice, or any Person or Persons appointed l>y. him for

that Purpose, under his Hand and Seal, shall have Power to grant Administration of the Effects of Intrftates,

and the Probate of Wills; and that the Effects of deceased Persons shall not be administered within the

Island of Newfoundland, or on the Islands and Seas aforesaid; or on the Banks of Newfcun Hand, unless Ad-

ministration thereof, or Probate of Wills respecting the fame, shall have been duly granted by such Autho-

rity as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

establishing a Court of Civil furfutiion in the If and of Newfoundland, for a limited Time, which Act was

to have continued in force from the tenth Day of June one thousand (even hun I red and ninety-one, for

one Year, and unto the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and continue in force until the

Opening of the Supreme Court instituted by virtue of this Act, and no longer; and every Suitor Com-

plaint which shall at that Time be depending in the said Court of Civil Jurisdiction, shall and may be pro-

ceeded upon in the said Supreme Court, in the same Manner as any Suit or Complaint originally com-

menced in the said Supreme Court.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Court in the Island of Newfoundland,

or Islands aforesaid (except the Supreme Court, and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this ActJ

to hold Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

wichstanding: Provided neverchclefs-That the Court of Vice Admiralty haying Jurisdiction in the said Island,

o shall

237

Aopeals may be

made from

Judgements for

Sums exceeding

401, in the Sur-

rogate Court,

and exceeding

iodI. in the Su-

preme Court.

When Goods arc

attached, if it

flic.ll appear that

the Party is in-

solvent, the

Court shall order

his Effects to be-

colletted and

distr.buted.

Diregions so*

the Difirihution

of the Effects of

insolvent Per-

fons.

Certificate of the

Com t to 6c a

Bar to Suits for

Debt prior to th«

De> larat.on of

Infol vency.

Suits, where the

Cause shall arise

bef re Aug. j,

1792,tn be com-

menced wi.h n

fix Year:,

3 1 Geo. 3. c. 29,

c ntiuufd til! ihe

Opening of the

Supreme Court.

No Ccur, except

the Supreme and

SurrogateCouit*,

to hold Pleas ot

a Civil Nature.

