A.D. 1796.

ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III.

C. 38.

37

Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in that Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-

standing: And it was by the said last-mentioned Adf enabled, That, from and after the fifth Day of 'July,

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, no Person whatsoever, unless he should be authorized and

enabled in the Manner therein-after prescribed, should fell or utter by Retail, (that is) by the Pint, Quart,

Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or less retail Measure, or in Pottles irrany less Quantity than

{hould be equal to the Measure of the Cask or Vef!el in which the fame should have been, or might law-

fully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to

forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds : And whereas, by a Clause in another Act 31 Geo. II. Caj*

made in the thirty-first Yearofthe Reign of his laid late Majesty, for obliging the Retailers of Wines com- 3U

monly called Sweets or Made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence, after reciting the said Ait of the thirtieth

of his laid late Majesty, as herein-before is recited, and reciting, that great Frauds might ealily be practised

in case the Retailers of certain Liquors made in this Kingdom, commonly called Sweets or Made I Vines,

should not be, equally with the Retailers of other Kinds of Wine, obl'ged to take out such Licences for

retailing Wine, it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

fifty-eight, no Person whatsoever, unleis he should be authorized and enabled by having taken out the Li-

cence in the said recited Act directed, subject to the Payment of such Duties as were therein respectively

charged upon such Licences to fell YVineby Retail, should fell or utter by any Retail Measure, or in Pot-

tles in any Quantity kfs than twenty-five Gallons, any Kind of Liquor made in Great Britain by lnfufion.

Fermentation, or otherwise, from Foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from British Fruit or Sugar, or from Fmit

or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients, commonly called Sweets or AI tie Wines, or any Kind of Li-

quor made in Great Britain, and known by the Name of Sweets or Made Wines, of whatsoever Materials,

or in whatsoever Manner the fame might be made, upon Pain to forfeit for every fu^h Offence one hundred

Pounds : And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, ±6 Geo. III.

for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to he Cap. 74,

taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets, reciting, that it was then expedient that separate Licences should be

granted to the Venders of Foreign Wines imported, and to the Venders of Sweets or British-made Wines,

it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it

should and might be lawful to and for his iVLjesty’s (Jommissioners of Stamps, or any two of them, to grant

upon any Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Licence for felling of Sweets or

British-nvdde Wines by any Retail Measure, to any Person or Persons applying for the fame (although such

Person or Persons should not have a Spirituous Liquor or Ale Licence), stamped or marked with a Stamp

or Mark of two Pounds and four Shillings ; and all and every Person and Persons felling British-made Wines

only under such Licences, should be freed and discharged from any Penalty by the Acts therein mentioned

imposed for felling Wine under Licences not stamped as by the said Acts were directed : And whereas by

another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the Sale of

Sweets for Consumption in the Horses of Retailers thereof who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale, and

for other Purposes therein mentioned, reciting so much of the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty as is herein-before recited ; and that it was expedient to restrain the filling

British Wines or Sweets lor Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof to such Persons only as should

have obtained as well a Licence for felling Peer and Ale, as a Licence for the Sale of Britijo-nr^Vt Wines,

it was chadded, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

no Person should, by virtue of any Licence for the Sale of British-rwzAz Wines or Sweets, be intitled to

feH such Wines or Sweets, for Consumption in his of her own House, unless such Person should also have

obtained a Licence for selling Beer and Ale : And whereas it is apprehended, that if the said recited Duties

were repealed, and other Duties imposed in lieu thereof upon Licences to be granted, by the Com-

missioners, Collectors, and Supervisors of Excise, in England and Scotland respectively, to Pei ions retailing

Foreign Wine, or British-made Win

and effectually managed and collected

nd with the Advice and Consent of t

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and alter the tenth Day of October

one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the said recited Duties, under the Management of the said Com-

missioners of Stamps, by the said Alts imposed upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any such Licence as aforesaid, shall ceale and determine.

Commiflrrftrs of Stamps to ccaff.

.-CII. And whereas, by another Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of hisfiid late Majesty King ,6 Geo. u.Cjp.

* George the Second, (intituled, An Act for repeal! ig certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences 8.

* for retailing the fame ; 'and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said

4 Liquors,) it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of A larch one thousand seven hundred

4 and forty-three, no Person or Persons whatsoever should presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any

4 other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Benefit, to

4 retail any Brandy, Rum, Arrack, Usquebaugh, Geneva, Aqua-vitx, or any other distilled Spirituous

4 Liquors, or Strong Waters, unmixed, or mixed with themselves, or any other Ingredients, and by what-

4 soever Name or Names they were or might be called, publickly or privately, without first taking out a

4 Licence for that Purpose in Manner thereafter directed, within ten Days at least before he, (he, or they

4 should retail the fame, for which he, (he, or they should, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down

4 for the fame the Sum of twenty Shillings, in Manner in the said Act directed: And whereas, by another

4 Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, amongst 14 Oeo.Il.Cap.

4 other Things, yir granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for 4°*

, 4 retailing

and 28 Ge«.

III. Cap 37.

recited.

Wines or Sweets, such last mentioned Duties wouM be more conveniently

xfted •/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by*

. ol the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present

From Oft. to,

J~9°t the re-

cited Dutiej un-

^er the M nage-

men* of thrf

