296

Names, &c.

of Aliens re-

Tiding with

them, &c.

Penalty on

H >u f* k epers

for Neg’.ttt.

Application of

Penalty.

Copies of Ac-

count deliveied

to Ci ft m House

Officer', See. and

of Taflports and

Certificates

granted by Ma-

gistrates, to be tr;

The Justices of

the Courts at

Westminster,

&c. may admit

Aliens to Bailj

as may also any

Justice, by Au-

thority of the

Secretary of

State.

Aliens within

the Times here-

in specified, to

give an Account

of all Weapons,

&c. in their

Possession, and

deliver up the

Time fco a Ma-

gistrate.

Penalty for neg-

lefting to give,

or giving a fa lie

Account, &c»

Magistrates may

require Aliens

resident in their

Jurisdictiofis, or

patting through

the fame, to de-

liver up Wea-

pons, dec.

C. 4. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A. D« 1793.

Place, in and for which such Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid {hall aCt, to require of such

Housekeeper an Account in Writing, within a Time to be limited in such Notice, to be subscribed with the

Name of such Houlekeeper, of the Names, Rank, and Occupation of all such Aliens as may be resident in his

or her Dwelling House, as far as the fame shall have come to his or her Knowledge, together with an. Ac-

count of the Length of Time during which such Aliens respectively shall have been so resident in his or her

Dwelling House, or if no such Alien shall be resident therein, then in like Manner he or she shall certify the

fame ; and if any such Housekeeper shall neglect or refuse to return such Account or Certificate as is hereby

required, or shall return a false Account or Certificate, every such Housekeeper, being lawfully convicted

thereof by his or her Confession, or on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses*

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Alien who shall be proved to have been a Lodger or

Inmate in such Dwelling House as aforesaid, either at the 'Lime when such Notice as aforesaid was left at

his or her Dwelling House, or at the Time of returning such Account or Certificate, and whom he or she

{hall have wilfully negleCted to return in such Account; and in case there shall be, or have been, no

Alien in his or her Dwelling House at such L ime respectively, {hall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds,

to be recovered in Manner aforesaid ; one Moiety of such Penalties respectively to be to the Informer or

Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place in which such Dwelling House shall be

situate.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Custom House Officer,

Magistrate, or Justice as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Diligence, transmit to one of his Majesty’s

Principal Secretaries of State, Copies of all such Accounts in Writing, as {hall be delivered to such Custom:

House Officer, Magistrate, or Justice, by virtue of this Act, and also of all such PafTports and Certificates

as {hall be issued by such Magistrate or Justice by virtue of this Act, keeping such Accounts, PafTports, and

Certificates, as far as may be, from being made publick.

nfmitted to one of the Secretaries of State.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe in

which Power is given by this Act to commit any Alien to the Common Gaol without Bail or Mainprize*

until delivered by due Course of Law, it {hall and maybe lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty’s

Courts at Westmbijler, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for

the Lord Justice Clerk, or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland, if, upon Application made*,

he {hall fee sufficient Cause to presume that such Person is not within the Description limited by this Act in

the different Cafes herein mentioned, to admit such Person to Bail, he or {he giving sufficient Security for

his or her Appearance to answer the Matters alledged against him or her.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall be lawful for

any Justice of the Peace to admit any Alien to Bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this Act,

such Justice being authorized so to do by Warrant of one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State

for that Pur pole, specifying the Security to be taken by such Justice.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Aliens who shall have arrived in

this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, if within

the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington,

Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, on the tenth Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; or if out of the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of

the several Parishes aforesaid, within ten Days from the said tenth Day of January; and every Alien who

{hall arrive therein after the tenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall,

within ten Days after his or their Arrival, give to some neighbouring Magistrate a full and true Account of

all Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition which shall be in their respective Possession, or in the

Possession of others for or at their Use or Disposal, and shall, within three Days from such Notice, deliver

tip to such Magistrate all such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, except such only for the

keeping of which they shall have obtained Licence under the *Hand and Seal of one of his Majesty’s

Principal Secretaries of State, during the Time such Licence shall be in force; and that it shall not be

lawful for any such Alien, subsequent to the Delivery of such Account, to buy or to have in his or her

Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his or her Use or Disposal, any Weapons, Arms, Gun-

powder, or Ammunition, except as herein-before excepted : And that any such Person wilfully neglecting

to give such Account, or giving a false Account, or wilfully neglecting to deliver up such Weapons, Arms,.

Gunpowder, or Ammunition, or forging, counterfeiting, or altering, or causing to be forged, counter-

feited, or altered, or uttering, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any such Licence*

or buying or knowingly having in his or her Possession, or in the Possession of others for or at his or her

Use or Disposal, any other Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or Ammunition, contrary to this Act, {hall*

on Conviction, in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol

Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Justiciary Court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out of this Realm,

within a Time to be limited in such Judgement; and if he or she shall be found therein after such Time in

the Judgement so limited, without lawful Cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for

Life.

XXVI. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice as aforesaid, from Time to Time, to require any such Alien as afore-

said, who shall have arrived within this Kingdom since the first Day of January one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during the Continuance of this ACi, and who shall be

within the Jurisdiction of such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice, or who shall pass through the fame, to de-

liver

e

