£12

f< rward it to 1

Proper, with a

Letter in the fol-

lowing Form i

Form of Letter.

Pro^Tf to take

the neerflary

Strp* to enable

the C reditor for

obtain Lexers of

A’miiiUlrauon,

&c.

?vl’nifl^r* and

Churchwarden*

to t.»ke the Sops

nece(Or\ for cx-

eewtin: Iodru -

mcnf* as direc -

ted by the Proc-

for, and to trans-

mit them to the

Trea finer of the

Navy, 5cc.

Treasurer to

fend such Inilru-

ment* to the

J'rnft »r, that

Letters of Adrni-

niftrat'on may be

obtained.

Balance, after

payiny the Claim

of the Creditor

■dminirtering, to

remain with the

Treasuref, &c.

At so^n as Let-

ters of A dm in if-

tration have been

obtained and

C. 34. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792,

Navy, and such Inspection shall immediately make, or cause to be made out a Certificate, dating the Nature

and Amount of such Creditor’s Demand upon the Lftate of fuc h Petty Officer, Seamen, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, as aforesaid, deceasi d, and lluiii sign and (lamp, and forward the fame to the

Protlor or Proctors in DofAors Commons as shall have been named by such Creditor, and he shall aifoenclofe

and fend therewith a Letter addressed to the Minister anJ Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Cafe maybe, of

the Parish within which the Person applying as Creditor for I :ch Letters of Administration then resides, and

the Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, or the LiJ Inspection, or either of them, shall frank the

said Letter so as to carry the fame, and the previous Commission or RequifitLon, or other necessary Instru-

ments to be er.closed therein, free of the Charge te r Postage, and which Letter so to be addressed to the Mi-

nifter, and to the Churchwardens, or Elders, as the Calc may be, shall be in the following Words, Figures,

and Form, or to the like Effect:

No

Navy Pay-Office^

179

4 Revd S I R,

TLTAVING received (Certificates, attested by you and two. I ClH,rtCIhw*n!en, I of your Parish, from C. D.

X dating that he is resident therein, and ddiring to administer to the Effe£ls oi A. B. late of his Majesty’s

Navy, as his Creditor ;

4 I am directed, by Act of Parliament of the thirty-fecor.d of George the Third, Ch. 34. to forward you the

enclosed ScqaTauSST for the Purpose of 1 wearing him accordingly.

4 I am, Itevd SIR,

4 Your most obedient Servant,

/. P. Inipeflor.

P. S. When the | is executed, you will please to return it, addressed

4 To the Treasurer, or

4 To the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Navy, London ;

And specify and describe the Receiver General of the Land lax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the

Excise, or Clerk of the Check, whose Abode is nearetl to the above Creditor, who will be directed to pay

that Part of the Wages due to the Decealed which hCc I appears by Law entitled to receive.

4 To A. B.

4 Minjfler of the Par'ifh of

And the Prodtor or Proctors to whom the aforesaid Certificate shall be addressed and sent, and which

shall likewise enclose the Letter to the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders, as aforesaid, shall immediately

upon Receipt of the fame sue out the previous Commission or Requisition, or take such other proper and legal

Steps as may be nee (Vary towards enabling the Person so applying as Creditor for Letters of Administration

to such Decealed to obtain the fame, and shall enclole such previous Commissior^pr Requisition, or other legal

and necefLry Instruments, with Lift ructions for executing the fame, together with a Copy of the Will in

Cafes of Administration with the Will annexed, in the Letter so to be addressed to the Minister, Church-

wardens, or Eiders, and shall forward such Letter and Inclosures as aforesaid by the General Post, agreeable

to the Atldrefs put thereon by the Treasurer of the Navy, Paymaster of the Navy, or the Infj>e<Slor of Sea-

men’s Wills; and if it shall be necessary to cite the next of Kin, Notice of such Citation shall be previously

given to the said InspeCtor, who shall point out one or more publick Papers, in which such Citation shall be

in felted.

XXL And be it further ena£led determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Minister and Churchwardens, or

"Elders, as the Cafe may be, shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Letter as aforesaid, with the previous

Commission or Requisition, or other Instruments, enclosed therein, take such Steps as to them may seem

proper or necessary for procuring the Execution of such previous Commission or Requisition, or other lnftru-

ment, directed by ihe Proctor to be executed, iflid, being so executed, he or they shall transmit the fame to the

Treasurer, or to the Paymaster of his M a jetty's Navy, London; and if the Person applying for such Admi-

nistration shall be and re fide at a Distance from the Place where the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allow-

alice of Money due to the Decealed are payable, he or they shall specify and deicribe the Receiver General

of the Land Fax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excile, or Clerk of the Check, who may be

most convenient or neardl to fuen Person chiming such Administration; and the said Treasurer or ray*

matter of his Majesty’s Navy shall, immediately upon Receipt thereof, fend the said previous Commission

or Requisition, ot other legal Instruments, executed by the Person applying for the Administration as afore-

said, to the aforesaid Proctor or Proctors in Dotiors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith sue

out an] procure Letters of Administration in favour of the Person so applying as Creditor for the fame, in

the Form and Manner above-mentioned, to the Estate and Efleets of the Person who has died as aforesaid,

but which Letters of Administration may and shall only entitle such Administrator, as Creditor, to receive

such Part of the Estate of such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine,

as shall satisfy the Amount of the Claim or Demand made by him as aforesaid, together with Expences incur-

red in establflhing his Right as aforesaid to receive the (lime, and the Balance of such Intestate’s Estate (if

any) after satisfying the Demand of such Creditor, and Expences incurred, shall remain in the Hands of the

Treasurer of the Navy, subject to the Claim and Demand of any other Creditor, next of Kin, or Exe-

cutor, to take and receive the same, when legally authorfted so to do.

XXII. And be it further enacted That as loon as atly Letters of Administration, or Probates of Wills, or

Letters of Administration with Will annexed, have been obtained, and passed the Seal of the proper Court,

in the Manner herein-before diredked in the different Events herein-before speciffed, the Pro£lor or Prodlors

. , 7 who

■ by

