438

and deflrojring or

cHmagin^ them

by any olher

Me»n», to b€

tianlpoiwd.

CfTcncft com-

n i ttd on ihe

fjiph Sf as tri-

able in any Sef-

f on fi r Trial of

OtVences com-

muted thereon.

Piofecution? to

be commenced

within a Ycjt.

Continuance of

A£i.

C. 67, 68. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

maliciously burn or set Fire to any Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, every Person so offending, and being thereof

lawfully convicted, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, to be holden in and for the County, Shire, Riding,

Divillon, or Distribt wherein the Offence was committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Be-

nefit of Clergy, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Seamen, Keelman or

Keelmen, Cafter or Carters, Ship Carpenter or Ship Carpenters, or other Person or Persons, shall at any

Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, wilfully ana

maliciously dertroy or damage any Ship, Keel, or other Vessel, (otherwise than by Fire,) every Seaman, Keel-

man, Cafter, Ship Carpenter, and other Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convibled upon any

Indictment to be found against him, her, or them, in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, or General or

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden reflectively, in and for the County, Shire, Riding, Diviffon, or

Distribt wherein the Offence was committed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to

some of his Majesty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, for any Space of Time or Term of Years not exceed-

ing fourteen Years, nor less than seven Years. '

VII. And be it further enabted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Offences herein-before

described or mentioned, shall be committed on the High Seas, then, and in every such Cafe, the Offence or

Offences so committed shall be triable, and the Person or Persons so offending may beprosecuted and tried by

virtue of this Act, in any Section of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the Trial of Offences com-

mitted on the H igh Seas, w ithin the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England \ any Thing herein contained

to the contrary in anvwife notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be prose-

cuted by virtue of this Abt, for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless such Prosecution be commenced within

twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

IX. And be it further enabted, That this Act shall continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of

June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Abt for remedying Inconveniencies attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of

Great Sessions in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester> in the Court of Com-

mon Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County

Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales.—[17th June 1793.]

Where final

JuHgrrnrnr* shall

be obtained in

the Ci mi » of

Great Srfi'tons in

W-lef, Sec. rnd

tl c Person* or

Efh*.£ls cannot

be fou' d within

the Jorifdicftion

of the Coorr,

any Couit i f

Record at Weft-

minlier may

iHoc Lxtcotion,

&c.

Chutes in 34

Hen. Vi 11. Cap.

2O. enact 1 nc,

Tl.ai the Sne-

rift’s in W.ilcs, in

V aints under

40b. tnav awaid

a Cap’as, &c.

and that no

4 T T 7 HEREAS Persons against whom Judgements may be obtained in the Courts of Great Sessions

4 V V in Wales, the Court of Great Sessions for the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Common

4 Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham,

4 may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the jurisdiction of such

4 Courts :* Be it enabled by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the lame. That in all Cafes where final Judgement shall be obtained in any Ablion or Suit, in any

of the said Courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Maj'efty’s Courts of Record at Weft-

minster, upon Affidavit made before a Judge, or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits in stich Court,

and filed therein, of such Judgement being obtained, and diligent Search and Enquiry having been made

after the Person or Persons against whom such final Judgement shall be obtained, on his, her, Or their Ef-

sects, and of Execution having ifiucd against the Person or Persons,or Effects, as the Cafe maybe, of such

Person or Persons, against whom such final Judgement shall be obtained, and that the Person or Persons,or

Effects of such Person or Persons, are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of such Court, to cause a

Transcript of the Record of the said Judgement to be removed into such Court at Westminster'y and toiffue

Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or

Persons, or Effects of such Person or Persons, against whom such final Judgement mall be obtained, in

such Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at WeJflminster; and the Sheriff upon every

such Execution shall, and he is thereby authorized to detain the Person or Persons against whom such Exe-

cution shall be issued, until the Sum of forty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy that Sum out of the

Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Person or Persons

by whom such final Judgement shall be obtained in such Court subseauent to the said Judgement, and

of the Execution in the said Court at Westmirjler, over and above the Money for which such Execution

shall be issued.

II. v And whereas by an Abt, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kine Henry

4 the Eighth, intituled, /In Ait for certain Ordinances in the King*s Dominions and Principality of Wales, it

4 is amongst other Things enacted, That the Sheriff of the several Counties or Shires in Wales in the said

Act mentioned, upon every Judgement had before him in his County or Hundred Court, in any Plaint

under forty Shillings, may award a Capias ad Satisfaciendum to arrest the Party condemned j and it is also

enabled, That no Execution of any Judgement given or to be given in any Court in the said A bt men-

tioned be stayed or deferred by reason of any Writ of false Judgement, but that Execution may be had and

4 made

