*04-

persons arreileJ

contrary t<* this

A t* to be ciif-

charg«-d, and to

b" intilled to

Co£s«

Terrons counter-

feiting Ticket',

See, guilty of Fc-

hiuy.

So much of 31

Ceo. a. c. 10.

as is not hereby

repealed, to rc-

maio in force*

Preamble*

2.6 Geo. 3. c. 63*

ftccited.

Fiom A»*uft r,

1792, no Letter

ot At o ev or

Will of a Non-

corrmiflinned

•Officer of Ma-

ri oe’,or Marine,

10 be v lid un-

Jess m »dc ac-

cording to the

recited Act, &c.

C. 33, 34. ving Annoying tricesimo fecundo Georgii III'. A.D. 1792.

from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue,orthc

Debt or Damage and Costs for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to th_* Value of twenty

Pounds at the least, and that such Debt, so amounting to twenty Pound or upwards, was contracted by the

said Defendant when he did not belong as aforesaid to any Ship in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or

Succellbrs, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Buck of such Proceis or Writ, for which

Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken; and if any Person be nevertheiels arrested, contrary to the

Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for one or mere Judge or Judges of such Court, upon Com-

plaint made thereof by the Party himself, or by any one of his superior Officers, to examine into the fame,

by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands ar.d Seals to discharge such

Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, so arrested contrary to the

Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them that such

Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, so arrested, was actually be-

longing to one of the Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and arrested contrary to the

Intent of this Act, and such Judge or Judges shall also award to the Party so complaining the Colts of such

Complaint, to be taxed by the proper Oificer of such Court, for the Recovery whereof he shall havetiic like

Remedy that the Per Ion who takes out the said Execution might Have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff: in

the said Action might have had for the Recovery of his Colts, in case Judgment had been given for him with

Coils, against the Defendant in the said Action.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, from and after the said first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be

falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act and assist in the false making, foiging, or counterfeit-

ing, any Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to any Petty Oificer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of

Marines, or Marine, for his Services on Board any Ship or Veil'd of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or

any Duplicate of any such'Picket, or any Certificate of Discharge from any Naval Hospital of his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, or any Remittance Bill, or Duplicate of Remittance Bill, with Intention to receive

any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or on Ac-

count of the Service of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Oificer of Marines, or Marine,

on Board any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall utter or publish as true any

Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines*

or Marine, for his Service on Board any Ship or Veiicl of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succellbrs, or any Du-

plicate of any such'Picket, or^ny Certificate of Discharge from any Naval Hospital of his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, cr any Reijnittance Bill, or Duplicate of Remittance Bill, with Intention to receive any

Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due, or supposed to be due, for or on Ac-

count of the Service of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Oificer of Marines, or Marine,

on Board any Ship or Vellel of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowing the fame to be false, forged,

or counterfeited, then every such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or

Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby cxnrcssly declared, That so much of the aforesaid Act, passed

in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as is not repealed by this

Act, shall remain in full Force and Eftedt.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and

Abuses attending the Payment of Usages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the

Service cf Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of his Mcjeflfs Ships; and for fur-

ther extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commiflEmed

Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have ierved, on Board any of

his Majesty’s Ships.

4 TT7 HEREAS an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, finti-

4 W tuled. An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment cf IVages, Prize

4 Money, and other Allowances due for the Service cf Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any cf his Majesty s

4 Ships:) And whereas it is just that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to Marines serving on

4 Board Ships in his Majesty’s Service, and would conduce much to the Advantage of the Rcprcfentatives of

4 Seamen and Marines if the fame were further extended, and certain Parts thereof explained and amended

Be it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal,.and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That no Letter of Attorney, or Will, made or execu^d by any Non-commissioned Officer cf

Marines,*or Marine, or Letter of Attorney made or executed by the Executor or Executors, or Administra-

for or Administrators, of any such Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, after the first Day of

Atryuft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be good and valid, and sufficient for receiving the

Whole or any Part of the Wages, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money due, or which may hereafter

become due, to such Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, for their Services in the Navy, or to

such Administrators or Executors, as the Representatives of such Non-commiluoned Officers of Marines,

or

