A.D.

1793-

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii IM.

C. 3.

291

Wheat Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, shall be so respectively exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or in or

upon which any such Wheat or Wheat Flour, Bread, or Biscuit shall be so respectively loaded or laid, in

order to be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel shall be forfeited, and shall and may he seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs; and one Moiety of all the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King’s Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them'who shall sue for the same; and for Of-

fences which fha)l be committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, such Penalties and Forfeitures

shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at Westminster, or where the Value of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the jSum of fifty Pounds,

'the fame shall and may be recovered by Information at any Gei>eral Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the

County, City, Riding, Division, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed; and in such Suit

no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and for Offences which shall be

committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fame shall and may be recovered by Action or

Summary Bill on Information in the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland, or where the Vaiue of

such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds, the fame shall and may be recovered

by Summary Bill on Information at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by Action in the SheriiFor

Steward’s Court of the County or Stewartry where the Offence shall be committed; and that the Master

and Mariners of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, having

Knowledge of such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting therein, and being thereof duly

convicted in any such Courts respectively as aforesaid, lhaL be imprisoned for the Space of three Months,

without Bail or Main prize.*

IV. Provided always. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to prohibit the Exportation of any foreign V/heat or Wheat Flour which shall have been

imported into this Kingdom, and warehoused in the Manner and upon the Conditions mentioned in the

said before-mentioned Act, passed in the thirty first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, nor to prohibit the car-

rying Coastwise, or the carrying out and exporting of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Bread or Biscuit, for

any of the Purposes, in like Manner, and in the lame Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the fame

Ports and Places, as is by the said before-mentioned Aff allowed, at such Times as Wheat and Wheat

Flour are prohibited to be exported by reason of the Price of Wheat and Wheat Flour being at or above

the Prices mentioned in Table i?, in the said Act contained, subject to the like Securities, Conditions,

Regulations and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are required and imposed by the said Act,

or by any other Act now in force, in any of the Cales aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-

fors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council,

until the End of the present Session of Parliament, from Time to Time to prohibit generally, for a limited

Time, the Exportation from Great Britain of any Sort of Corn, Aieal or Flour, Bread or Biscuit what-

ever, or of Potatoes, and in like Manner to permit generally the Importation of foreign Corn, Meal, or

Flour, subject to either of the Low Duties specified in the Table D, in the said A SI, and in like Manner to

recal such Prohibition or Permission, if Circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any Person shall

export or import-any Corn, Meal, or Flour, Potatoes, or other Articles herein-before mentioned, contrary

to such Prohibition or Permission of his Majesty, by and wdth the Advice of his Privy Council, the Person so

exporting or importing the fame shall be subject and liable to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, and the

said Corn, Meal, and Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes, and the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall

be exported or imported, shall be respectively subject and liable to the like Forfeitures as are provided in

the Cafe of any of the said Articles being exported or imported contrary to the Provisions of any Act or

Acts of Parliament now in force.

VI. Provided always, That in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit the carrying Coastwise, or carrying

out, or the Exportation of, the several Sorts of Corn, Meal, or Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, for any of the bur-

poses, in like Manner, and in the fame Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the said Ports and

Places, as is by the said before-mentioned Act allowed, at such Times as any such Corn, Meal, or Flour

are prohibited to be exported, by reason of the Price of any such Sort of Corn being at or above the

Price mentioned in Table 5, subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrichons,

Forfeitures, and Penalties, as are required and imposed by the said Act, or by any other Act now in force,

in any of the Cafes aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall and may be altered or repealed by any Act

€>r Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to permit Potatoes to be

carried Coastwise, or to Ireland^ or as Ship’s Stores, under such Securities, Conditions, and Regulations

as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall think

fit.

CAP.

Application of

Penalties, and

huw they are to

be recovered.

Milters and

miners know*,

ina Offences

agiinft this Act,

and assisting

therein, 0 be

i nprisoned,

Fore:on Wheat

may be exported,

and Wi eat, &c.

carried Coast

wife, agreeable

to 31 Geo. Ill,

His Majesty 7a

Council may, at

any Time during

the piefi-nt Sef-

fion, prohibit

the Exportation

of Corn, &c.

and permit the

Importation of

foreign Corn,

&c.

Co n, Sec. ex-

ported or im-

ported contrary

to such ProhibU

lien ot Permis-

fi n, to be for-

feited, &c.

Hi< Majesty in

C; uncil may

permi the car-

rying Coastwise

or exporting

Corn for the

Po.p ,fes men-

tioned in -31

Geo. ill. dec*

This AO may

be altered or re-

pealed in the

present SefTun*

His Majesty in

Council may

permit Po'atoef

to be carried

Coastwise, or to

Ire land, or as

Snip stsret.

