The TITLES of the STATUTES.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mon Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other

Commonable Places within the Parish of parley in the

County of Southampton.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Open and Common Arabic Fields, and a Common Mea-

dow, within the Manor and Parish of Tntinhull in the

County of Somcr/et.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Town Fields within the Manor and Township

of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton in the County Pala-

tine of Durham.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pali tires, and Common Grounds

within the Lordftnp or Liberty of Dfcworth in the County

of Leicester.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds within

the Township of Hoy land, in the Parish of JVath upon

Hern in the Welt Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Com-

mons, or Tracts of Waste Land within the Parish and

Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Durham.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, ’Meadows, Failures, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington

and Foston in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mons or Waste Lands, called Ciaife Heights, or Ciaife

Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald,

within the Township or Division of Ciaife, in the Parish of

Hawkjhcad in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted

Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in

the Parish of East Camcll, otherwise Queen Camel/', in the

County of Somerset.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, and Watte Lands and Grounds

within the Manor and Parish bf Wendover in the County

of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds

within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Ma-

nor, and Parish of Ripen in the Weft Riding of the County

ofYork.

45. An Act to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuck-

burgh Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and

Arms- of Evelyn.

46. An Act to enable Mary TV eh ft er Widow, and others,

to grant budding and repairing Leases of the Lftates de-

vised to them by Edward Weljler Esquire, in the Parish of

Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving

the Open Fields, Ings, Paitures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton in

the North Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Bur/ord in the

County of Oxford.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste

Lands, and other Lands in the Parishes of Saint Afary

South Keljey and Saint Nicholas South Keljey, within the

Manor or Lordship of Soul'* Keljey in the County of Lin-

coln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and

Sheep Walks in and over the fame.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing

the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable

Marthes, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish

of Thoniham in the County of Norfolk.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open FielJ«, Pas-

tures, Commons, and Wailes within the Town I hip of

Tilthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn in the East Riding of

the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu

of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands ill

the laire Township.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable

Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and

Grounds within the several Tithings (if Roundway, Bed-

bo rough, Chittoe, and Bishop< Cannings, and in the Parish of

Marden in the County of IVilts.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures or Commons within

the Township of Walkington in the East Riding of the

County of York-

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds in the Parish of Broughton in the County of

Huntingdon.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Brereton Esquire, and Mary

his Wife, and her first and other Sons and their Iftiie Male*

and her Daughter, if (he shall have only one, and the lfTue

of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and

Arms of He/ifailing, pursuant to the Will of Herbert

Westfailing Esquire, deceased.

56. An Act to confirm and establish an Award made be-

tween the Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord

Bishop of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash

Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and in-

terelled in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold

Lftates, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in

Pajhn, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough in the County of

Northampton, (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of

the Pofieilions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough,

and the Copyhold Parts thereof are held of Manors also

belonging to the fame See,) in order to divide, ascertain,

and determine the respective Parts of the said Effaces, and

the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguisti the Leasehold

and Copyhold from the Freehold Parts of the fame Estates,

late of the said William Ash deceased.

57. An Act to carry into Execution certain Articles of

Agreement entered into between Christopher, late Lord

Bishop of Bri/lol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry

Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of

the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of

Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds in the County

of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such

Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the

fame Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal.

58. An Act for vetting Part of the Settled Estate of William

Wtllfon Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be

conveyed to John Lambton Esquire, on Payment of the

Sum of three thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds

seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the

fame Sum in the Purehafe of other Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain

Estates settled by the Will oi Bernard Brocas Esquire, and

for applying and laying out the Money to ar;fe therefrom

in

