A. 0.1791* , Anno tricesimo primo <3eor&ii III. C. 38, 39. 139

maybe imported from any of the said Countries into any of the Ports before mentioned, in any foreign

Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and being owned and navi-

gated by Persons inhabiting any of the said Countries on the Continent of America, belonging to, or under

the Dominion of, any foreign European Sovereign or State.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of the two

whatever, not having more than one Deck, and being owned and navigated by Persons1 inhabiting any such

Country, Rum of the Produce of any British Island, and also Negroes which shall have been brought into

the said Islands respectively, in British-b\i\\t Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law,

and ail Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported into the said

Islands respectively, except Matts, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and also except such

Iron as shall have been brought from the British Colonies or Plantations in America; any Law; Usage, or

Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Importation and Exportation of all the said Articles shall be

under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities, and subje£tto such Penalties and Forfeitures for

the Breach of them, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be seized, sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and

applied, in the Manner prescribed and provided in the said Acts, or any of them.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting

' Trade of this Kingdom*

’W

Ship or Vessel shall depart from or come to in or during such Voyage, who are hereby authorised and re-

quired respectively to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to bring before him or them such Matter

or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vcliel;

and in case such Matter or Commander, or other Person as aforefiiJ, shall neglect or refute to pay such

Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants to levy the same by Dithcfs

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, and in case no Distress can be found, to commit the Offender to the

Common Gaol of the City, County, Town, or Place, there to remain until he shall pay the fame.

II*. And be itfuither enacted, That every Seaman or Mariner entering himself on board any Ship or

Vessel trading Coastwise as aforesaid, for any intended Voyage or Voyages, or for any 'Time to be (Updated

in and by such Agreement or Agreements, shall, and he is hereby required and obliged to lublcribe his Sig-

nature or Mark to such Agreement or Agreements respeitively, at the Time of his lo entering himself;

which Agreement or Agreements, after the fame shall be losubscribed by such Seaman or Mariner, and signed

by the Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Snip

pean Sovereign,

into any of the

Ports before

mentioned;

and the Articles

herein enume-

rated, may be.

exported from

those Ports, un-

der certain Re*

ftri&ioas.

Importation, 8cc,

to be under the

Rules of the

tecited Afls#

WHEREAS by an Ac!, made and passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jetty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of

4 Seamen in the Merchants Service, certain Provisions arc established for the Government of Seamen in

4 Ships trading to Parts beyond the Seas, which have been found, by Experience, to be highly beneficial to

the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: And whereas the Coast 'Trade of this Kingdom ttill re-

4 mains under great Difficulties and Inconveniencies, for want of the like Regulations to be applied to, and

eftabtished in the fame, for the better Government thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-one, it shall not be lawful for any Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge

or Command of any Ship or Vessel, trading from and to any Port or Place or Ports or Places in Great

Britain, t6 carryout to Sea any Seaman or Mariner (except his Apprentice or Apprentices) from any

Port or Place in Great Britain, to proceed on any Voyage to any other Port or Place in Great Britain,

without having before entered into an Agreement or Agreements in Writing with such Seaman or Mariner,

to be signed as well by such M'after or Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, as by such Seaman or

Mariner, for the Wages which such Seaman or Mariner is to have respcbHveiy, during the Voyage or

Voyages, or during the Time he shall have contracted or entered himself for; which Contract or Agree-

ment shall declare what Wages each Seaman or Mariner is to have, and when the fame shall be payable,

and for what 'Time, or for what Voyage or Voyages such Seaman or Mariner shall have contracted or en-

tered himself, every such Agreement or Agreements to be in force at the Time of proceeding to Sea on

any such Voyage; and in case any Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or

Command of any Ship or V eflcl trading Coastwise as aforesaid, shall carry out to open Sea any Seaman

or Mariner (except his Apprentice or Apprentices) upon any such Voyage by open Sea, without having first

entered into such Agreement or Agreements signed as aforesaid, and such Agreement or Agreements then

being in full force, such Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of live Pounds for every such Seaman or Ma-

riner which he shall so carry out to open Sea, to the Use of Greenwich Hfpiial, to be recovered'upon In-

formation, on the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, bdore any one or mere of his Maj. tty’s

Justice cr Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Shire, or Place in Great Britain, where such

Preamble*

2 Geo. 2, c. 36*

recited.

Frrm July r,’

I79 r, no Maf-

ters of Vessel s

trading Coast:-

wife, to proceed

on a Voyage

without enter-

ing into an A-

greement with

t! e Seantitn Fjc

Wages, on Pe-

nalty of 51, for

each.

Agreement* t*

be binding.

T 3

or

c»

