A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 9—ir.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit, either in Law

or Equity, shall be commenced or prosecuted for the Recovery of any Debt or Demand, contrary to the

Provisionsof this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Court in which such Action or Suit shall be com-

menced, in Term Time, or any one or more of the Judges of such Court out of Term, in a summary

Way, to discharge the Defendant or Defendants arrested on Mesne Process, and to flay all further Proceed-

ings in such Action or Suit, upon such Terms as to such Court or Judge respectively shall appear necessary

to enforce the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to any Penalty or For-

feiture, or to answer for any Damage for not paying or not delivering any Money, Bills of Exchange, Pro-

miflory Notes, Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effcds, at any Time after the

first Day of February one thousand (even hundred and ninety-four, the Payment or Delivery whereof, after

the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, is prohibited by this Act.

delivering Notes or Effects after Feb. 1, the Payment or Delivery whereof after March

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing done in Obedience to this Act shall alter or

affcd the Right, Title, orlntereftof any Person whomsoevtr, to, or in any Property whatsoever. Real or

Personal, or any Contract or Agreement whatsoever, further or otherwise than as in this Act is expressed.

further than

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, im-

posed by this A'd, shall be to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be sued for a’*.l re-

covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Efloin, Wager of Law,

Stay of Proceedings, except by such Rule or Rules of the Court wherein the Action or other Proceeding

shall depend, as shall be thought in Justice necessary for special Cause to be expressed in every such Rule, or

more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be committed, for

any Offence against this Act, to any Common Gaol or other Place, there to remain until delivered by

due Course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Justices of his Majesty’s Courts at IVeJlmiyiJlcr,

or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Justice Clerk

or any of the Commissioners of Judiciary in Scotland,if upon Application made he shall think it reasonable,

to admit such Person to Bail, he or she giving fufRcient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the

Matters wherewith he or she shall be charged.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence against this Act, committed

out of this Realm, may be alleged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, or Stewartry

of this Realm; and that any Offence against this Act, committed within that Part of Great Britain called

England, may be alleged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in the County where such Offence shall have

been committed, or in the County of Middlesex; and that any Offence against this Act, committed within

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alleged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried either before

the Court of Judiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom;

and that all and every Person or Persons that shall at any Time be accused, or indicted, or prosecuted for

any Offence made or declared to be Treason by this Act, shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Act of Par-

liament made in the seventh Year of William the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating of Trials in Cafes

of Treason and Misprision of Treason; and also of the Provisions made by another Act of Parliament, passed

in the seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notking in this Act contained, shall be construed or

taken in any Manner to alter the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present JVar, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid

or Assistance being given to his Majestfs Enemies, or any of such Provisions.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this Act,

or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained, during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. X.

An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

[ift March 1794.]

w 25 Geo. III. Cap. 55, recited; and the Duties thereby imposed to cease August 1, 1794.”

CAP. XI.

An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

[ift March 1794.] 11

11 23 Geo. III. Cap. 67, and 25 Geo. III. Cap. 75, recited; and the Duties thereby imposed to cease

w October 1, 1794. This Act not to affect the Validity of any Register.”

3R a CAP'

489

If any Action

/hall be com-

menced for any

Demand con'ra-

ry to this AO,

the Court may

discharge the De-

fendant, and stay

further Procc:d«

ingi.

No Person shall

he subject to any

Penalty, or an-

fwrr for any

Damage, for not

paying Money r r

r, is prohibited.

This Act shall

not affect the

Right to any

Property, &c.

herein expressed.

All Fines shall

betohis Majesty,

and maybe reco-

vered in any

Court of Record

in Westminster,

Or the Court of

Exchequer in

Scotland.

Persons com-

mitted for Of-

fences against

this Act may be

admitted to Bail.

Where Oft>*cet

may be tried.

Persons indicted

to be entitled to

the Benefit of 7

Gul. III. Cap- 3,

and 7 Annse,

Cap. 21.

Nothing in this

Act shall alter

33 Geo. 111.

Cap. »7.

Act may be re-

pealed or altered

this Session,

