524

Commissior.er*

may require

Head l>iA«ib«-

for* of Stamps

to pxarr in - W it-

ne(T-s refid'ng

out of the Li-

mit* of the Hf? <3

OfficcofSuunp,

Ac.

Perfrrw g*ving

fe fc tvicence to

be lut-j-ft to the

Ltnuities for

Pet jury.

j'T Geo. TIT.

C.p. 6i, rc«

cited

nd Duties

there y imposed

made perpetual.

9000I. to be set

*patl quarterly

ul ©t Duties,

C. 3?, 33. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794.

such Bill of Exchange, Promiflbry Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order; and every such Bill of Exchange,

Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order so damped, (lull have and be deemed of the like Force and

V alidity in the Law, as if the fame had been duly damped according to the Directions of the said recited Act;

and every Person or Persons procuiing such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft,or Or-

der, to he damped as directed by this Act, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and

against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other

Note, Draft, or Order not having been duly damped according to the Directions of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons whom the said Commissioners shall judge

necessary to be examined, touching any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or

Order as aforesaid, shall reside out of the Limits of the Head Office of Stamps in MidcHfex, and the said

Commissioners shall think lit to difpersfe with the Examination of such Person or Persons before the said

Commissioneis, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by Writing

under their Hands, to which a Copy of such Bill of Exchange, Promiflbry Note, or other Note, Draft, or

Order shall be annexed, to require by Name any of their Head Distributors of Stamps to exaruir* such

Person or Persons, touching such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, on

Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation every such Distributor is hereby empowered to aCmi-

nifier); and such Distributor shall cause such Examination to be reduced into Writing, at the Cofis of the

Person or Persons requiring such Bill of Exchange, Promiflbry Note, or other Note, Dr; ft, or Order ta

be damped, and shall also cause such Examinations resptctively to be signed by the Persons so examined

refnectively, and shall transmit the fame to the said Commissioners at the Cofis of such Person or Persons

as aforesaid; all which Cofis the said Commissioners, cr the major Part of them, or their Officer or Officers

specially lobe appointed by them for such Purpose, shall albert tin and settle at such reasonable Sum as shall

be requiiitc for the Expence and Trouble to which such Distributor may be put in taking and returning

such Examination.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examina-

tien upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons authorized

by this Act to administer such Oath or Affirmation, touching any of the Matters aforesaid, shall wilfully

and corruptly give Life Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or allege, any Matter

or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly

convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fuhjcdt and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by

any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences

granted to Dillillers, in Scotland j and for appropriating the said Duties.

[17th jfpril 1794*]

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Dim Aeries in Borland, and the Exportation of Bri-

4 t i ill-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, ybr a limited Time, certain

4 Excise Duties were impoled upon the Contents of Stills uied or employed in making 6t diffilling of Low

4 Wines or Spirits, and far the rectifying, compounding, or mixing Spirits or Strong Waters in certain

4 Parts of Scotland\ and also on Licences to be taken out by such Difhllers, Redfifiers, and Compounders,

4 of Spirits for Exportation from Scotland to England \ and also upon Licences to be taken out by Diffil-

4 lers of Spirits within trie Highlands of Scotland; which Duties were directed to be carried to the Consoli-

4 dated Fund, and to continue in force until and upon the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, ard from thence to the End of the then next Sell on of Parliament:’ May it please

your Majesty that it may beenacled; and be it enacted by the King’s 11 oft Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

aiiembied, and by the Authority of the same, That tfe Lid Duties ot Excise, imposed by the said recited

Act, shall be and are hereby continued and made perpetual, and that the fame mail severally and respectively

be paid and payable by such Persons, at such Times d in such Manner, and under such Penalties and

Forfeitures as the said Duties were payable under or by virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and shall continue to be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at fVt/iminster, (the Charges of railing and accounting for the (amc

excepted,) and to be carried to, and made Part of, the Confohdated Fund.

Ii. And whereas by the said recited Act the several Rates and Duties, imposed by any A dl or Afls of

4 Parliament then in foice upon Low Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption, or upon Worts, Wash, and

4 other Liquors, used in Scotland in the Liftillation of Spirits, and upon Licences required to be taken out

4 by any Distiiiers or Makers of Spirits in Scotland, were dif<?6i tinued from and after the fifth Day of July

4 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That,at

the End of every Quarter of a Year after the passing of this Act, (that is to say,) on the fifth Day of April,

the fifth Day of July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January, in every Year, there dull

be set apart at the said Receipt, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties which are con-

tinued and nude perpetual by this Act, the Sum of nine thousand Pounds, being one-fourth Part of the

Average

Dogle

