A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. C. 33. 2*5

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or Se-

dition, shall be delivered over or taken into Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any

Fort on the Coast of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the British JVcJi Indies, a full State-

ment, upon Oath (which they are hereby impowered to administer), shall be made out and lodged with the

said Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alledged against

the Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial in the High Court of Admiralty for

the Offence or Offences alledged against him or them ; and in case the said Master or Commander of the

said Ship or Vessel {hall neglecft to appear at the Trial, upon being duly summoned, or public Notice of

Trial being given in the London Gazette, he {hall not only be nonsuited, but shall incur such further Penalty

as the Court {hall adjudge.

If mutinros

Officers, &c. be

taken inio Cuf-

tody by Order

of a Governor

in Africa, or the

West Indies, a

S'atement, up-

on Oath, to be

lodg'-d wi' h t'r.e

Governor,

and if the M.*f-

ter does not appear at the Trial, he shall incur such Penalty as ihe Coutt shall arju ’ge.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Arrival of every Ship or

Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, the Officers and Seamen therein {hall be continued in full

Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared Inwards, or their Accounts settled and paid ; and that all Wages

due to Run Men {hall be forfeited and paid, one half to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other half

to the Merchants Hospital of the Port to which such Ship belongs; and all other Forfeitures {hall be applied

as is specified in the Articles of Agreement; any Custom, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or

Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, in any County in England wherein

any such Offence {hall have been committed, or, in case such Offence {hail have been committed on the

Seas, or in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence

{hall have been committed {hall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or For-

feiture inflicted by this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great

Britain, and in every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgment {hall be given (whether Plain-

tiff or Defendant) shall pay double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any

Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such Action shall be

carried on without wilful Delay.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, taking any Oath by

this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person {hall un-

lawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath, by this Act authorised or required to be taken,

whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains

and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Suborna-

tien of Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force till the first of August one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in

consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, or hearing and de-

termining upon such causes and Claims as {hall have been made or come before the Commissioners ap-

pointed by this Act, for Compensation for Losses sustained under the Regulations of and within the Time

limited by this Act, or any other Act or Acts herein before mentioned.

Officer*;, &c. ro

continu- ia Pav

till 1 he VofTel's

cleared Inwatds*

Wages of Run

Men to go to

Greenwich

Hospital, dec.

Where Offences

may he fried,

and Penaliiei

sued for.

Limitation of

Actions.

PerGns taking

false Oaths, to

incur the Pains

of Perjury, &c.

Conunuance of

this Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES of Agreement between the Master, Officers, Mariners, Seamen, and Sea-

faring Men of the Ship bound from the Port of upon an intended Voyage

to the Coast of Africa, for from thence to the West Indies, or America, and after-

wards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering Port in Europe.

THIRST, The Master docs hereby covenant, agree, and engage with the said Officers, Seamen, Seafaring

JP Men, Landfmen, and Boys, That he wiil pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the

Rate of the .Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person’s Name is expressed in the Muster

Rdi.

Secondly, The said Master does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Sea-

faring Men, Landfmen, and Beys, that they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome

Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified ; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed

in the usual Manner in which it is done on Board his Majesty’s Ships of War, and served out to the Ship’s

Company in the Manner following; viz. to each Man on

Sunday, ‘ —

Monday, —

Tuesday, —

One Pound and an half of Beef, containing sixteen Qunces to the Pound, and a Pint of

Flour.

One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and half a Pint of Pease.

One Pint of Oatmeal, and two Ounces, of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese ; or, one

Pound of Stock Fish, with one-eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a quarter of a Pint of Vinegar,

in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

30 Geo. III. E Wednesday,

