336

Ad of the Par-

liament of Scot*

land of the 8th

and 9th Seffio/i

Will. III. first

Parliament, re-

cited*

t Geo. Ill,

;af.32.

Unman Catho*

licks in Scotland

taking an Oath,

irc.to be relieved

from the Penal-

ties imposed by

the recited Act

Of Will. 111.

form of Oath,

fee,

C. 43, 44. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793#.

c A P. XLII.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington in

the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.—[30^ April 1793.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath of Abjuration, and Declaration, from his

Majesty’s Subjects, professing the Roman Catholick Religion, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland.—[3d June 1793.]

4 \ T/IdEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the eighth and ninth Session of the first

Parliament of his late Majesty King William the Third, (intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth

4 of Popery,) several Penalties and Disabilities are imposed upon all Persons professing the Roman Catholick

4 Religion, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall refute to make

4 a Renunciation of Popery, according to the Formula thereunto subjoined, in the Manner therein expressed 1

4 And whereas the Rigour of the aforesaid Act, at the Time of its passing, was chiefly judged expedient, in

4 order to preserve the Government against the Attempts or Efforts of those Persons, who then did, or were

4 supposed to acknowledge the temporal Superiority or Power of the Pope, or Sec of Rome, over that Part of

the Realm of Great Britain called Scotland, 'which is contrary to, and inconsistent with the Allegiance of the

4 Subjects of the said Realm: And whereas the aforesaid Formula contains only a Renunciation of speculativa

and dogmatical Opinions, but imports no nofitive Assurance of the Submission and Attachment of the

4 Persons making the same to the Laws and Constitution of the Realm, or to the Person of his most Sacred-

Majesty: And whereas, in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, (intituled, An Acl\to relieve, upon certain Conditions and under certain Restrictions, the Person*

4 therein dtferibed, from certain Penalties and Disabilities, to which Papists, or P erfons projeffing the Pofish Re*

4 lig\on,are by Law subject,) a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration was prescribed to be taken-

and subscribed by all Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, which was founda proper and fuf-

4 ficientTeftof the Loyalty of such Persons whofhould take and subscribe the fame; and upon the taking and-

4 subscribing thereof they became exempted and relieved from many Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities to

4 to which they were before subject and liable; and by the said Act it was provided, that nothing therein-

4 contained should extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas it is now found, expc-

4 dient, that one common Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, shall be taken and subscribed by all

4 his Majesty’s Subjects professing the Roman Catholick Religion, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great'

4 Britain, and that similar Advantages shall be annexed to the taking and subscribing of the fame :* May it'

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth all Persons professing;-.

the Roman Catholick Religion, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall,

take and subscribe the Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, herein-after expressed, and in the Manner hereby

directed and required, shall be exempted and relieved from all the Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities imposed,.

enacted, revived, ratified, and confirmed by the before-mentioned Act of the eighth and ninth Session of the

first Parliament of King JVtlliam the Third, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever, as-

if such Persons had actually made the Renunciation of Popery thereby ordained according to the Formula

thereunto subjoined.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oath, Abjuration, and.Declaration, to*

be so taken and subscribed, shall be in the Words following; (that is to say,)

44 T A. B. do hereby declare. That I do profess the Roman Catholick Religion? I A. B. do fincereb promise

44 and swear, that 1 will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, andibinc

44 will defend, to the utmost of my Poiver, against all Conspiracies and Attempts whatever, that shall be ?nade

44 against his Person, Croivn, or Dignity; and I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his*

44 Majesty, his Heirs and Succeft'ors, all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies which may be formed agaitijl him

44 or them: And I do faithfully promise to maintain. Support, and defend, to the utmost^ of my Poiver,. the Sue-

m cefion of the Crown, which Succcssion, lyan Act, (intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown*

44 and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,) is, andfands limited to the Princess Sophia,

44 Elect!refs and Dutchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; hereby utterly

44 renouncing and abjuring any Obedience or Allegiance unto any other Person, claiming or pretending a Right to

44 the Crown of theje Realms: And I do swear, that I do reject and detejl, as an uncbrtjlian and impious Pojition,

44 that it is lawful to murder or destroy any Person or Persons whatsoever, for, or under Pretence of their being

44 Hereticks or Infidels; and also that unchri/lian and impious Principle, that Faith is not to be kept with He*

44 reticks or Infidels: And I further declare, that it is not an Article of my Faith, and that I do renounce, reject,

44 and abjure the Opinion, that Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or any Authority of the See of

44 Rome, or by any other Authority whatsoever, may be depojed or ynurdcred by their Subjects, or any Person whatso-

44 ever: And I do promise, that I will not hold, maintain, or abet any such Opinion, or any other Opinion con*

44 trary to what is cxprcjfcd in this Declaration: And I do declare, that I do not believe that the Pope of

7 44 Rome*

