184.

Preamble.

6 Geo. 3. c. 38*

recited.

From April 5,

1792, no

DwelUng-hous*

containing left

than seven

Window*

chargeable with

the Duty im-

posed by the re*

cited Ad*

But net to ex-

tend to Apart-

Ynenta in Inni of

Court, Ac*

Preamble*

07 Geo. 3# e»i3«

tecited.

C. 2—7. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

c A p. II.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Certain inhabited Houses containing left than Seven

Windows, or Lights, granted by an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An A fit for repealing thefeveralDuties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting tohisMa-

jfiy other Ditties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights,it was among other Things enacted, That there ftould

be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto his Majesty,his Heirs and Successors,several Rates and Dutiesupon

Houses therein-after mentioned; that is to say, for every Dwelling-House inhabited, which thin was or

thereafter should be erected within that Part of Great Britain called England, the yearly Sum of three

Shillings; and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, which then was or hereafter should be erected within

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the yearly Sum of one Shilling May it please your Majesty

that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-two, no Dwelling-house inhabited throughout Great Britain, which shall not contain more than fix

Windows or Lights, shall be charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates and Duties of three Shil-

lings, and one Shilling, but shall be wholly freed, exempted, and discharged therefrom; and that then, and

from thenceforth, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said recited Act, or any other kSi

of Parliament, in relation to the said recited Rates and Duties, shall be no longer used, applied, or put in

Execution, with respect to such Dwelling-houses inhabited within Great Britain which mail not contain

seven Windows or Lights, but shall in that Respect cease and determine; save and except in all Cafes re-

lating to the recovering of any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Rates and Duties,

and to the accounting for the tame, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or

at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, any Thing

herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be cortftrued to extend, to

exempt from the Payment of the said recited Duties, any Edifice in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery,

or any Chamber or Apartment in any College or Hall in any of the Univerfnies of Great Britain, by reason

of such Edifice, Chamber, or Apartment, separately containing less than seven Windows or Lights, but that

the fame shall be charged as before the malting of this Act; any Thing herein-before contained to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

CAP. HL

' An Act for repealing the Duties on JFemale Servants.

From April 5,179*, the Duties on Female Servants, granted by 25 Geo. 3. c. 42. to cease.”

CAP. IV.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons. Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of th*

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

* From April 5, 1792, the Duties imposed by 23 Geo. 3. c. 66. to cease.”

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of

. the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. [41. J

CAP. VI.

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his additional Duties upon Malt.

CAP. VII.

\

An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and

Spermaceti Candles).

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^

intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of and and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Revenue;

‘ for permitting the Importation cfcertain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, the Produce of

the European Dominions of the F rench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Alomes,

remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on , to the of the National Debt

5 ‘■aCertain

