542

Sfor,f t>f Guprn*

fev, &c. to cease,

»r. \ 20 1. P‘ r

C r»'. ct t'-e

lu .* ro be piul

its imporia' io'i

into G CA Bii-

tain.

Value to Ve af-

crrt jir.fd a» c o i d

to a? Geo.

1IJ. L‘jp. 13.

Duties to be tin-

ker the Manage-

ment of the

Corpmissionen

of Customi.

1

Slate or Stone

unshipped before

Entry, Sec, to be

forfeited.

Certain Good*

nut chargeable

with Duty, on

certain Condi-

tiens*

Penalr? for ap-

plying Stone to

be ufivi for Por-

celain, &c. to

Other Ules.

Pi: ifh Slate

brought into anj

Port to be ex-

ported, not

chargeable with

Duty, on certain

Conditions,

C. 51. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794,

of the Production of the Islands of Guerr.fey, Jerfry, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or either of them) shall ceaf?,

ceufc, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that instead and in lieu thereof, there shall he raised,

levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succtllors, on all Slate and Stone, of the Pro-

duction of the said IHanJs of Gu'rnjy, 'Jerjy, Aldcnny, Sark, or Alan, or either of them, which Hull be

imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-four, a Duty of Customs of twenty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the

true and real Value thereof; which Duty shall be paid in ready Money to the Collector of his Majesty’s

Customs, at the Port where the fame shall be so imported, although Inch Slate or Stone may be accom-

panied with a Certificate or ether Document, ascertaining that such Goods me of the Production of Giutb-

/•V, Alderney, Sark, or Alan respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwith-

ilanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of Slate or Stone, according to

which the Duties by this Act impolcd are to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, shall be alcertair.cd, ac-

cording to the true and real Value and Price thereof, on Shipboard, at the Port and Place where the lame

shall be brought for the Purpose of being landed, by the Declaration of the Importer, Proprietor, or Con-

iignoe, in such Manner and Form, and under all or any or either of such Rules, Regulations, and Relirie-

tiuns (so fur as the lame are applicable and can be put in Execution) as are directed to be observed in

Cafes of Goods subject to Duty according to the Value thereof, by an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act fir repealing the everal Duties of Gt/kuu awl

Excise, and grant in* other Duties in lieu the reef, and for applying the said Duties, together with the oihr

Duties com prying the Putdick Revenue; for f ermiiti ng the Importation cf certain Gr: ds, I Pares, and Mr cl: C'\-

dize the Produce or Alanufailure of the European Dominions cf' the French King into this Kingdom; a;.j

for applying certain unclaimed Atonies remaining in the Exchequer, far the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to

the Red.utdion of the National Dent\ and all the Powers and Authorities contained in the said* Ad, so tar as

they relate to Goods subject to Duty according to the Value thereof, shall be extended and applied to the

Goods, for or in respect whereof a Duty is impolcd by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

Purpufes whatever, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present

Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority 2forefai(>, That the said Duties shall be under the Ma-

nagement of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the

fame shall be raised, levied, colieded, paid, and recovered in such and the like Manner, and by such and the

like Ways, Means, Methods, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures (sofar as the fame are applicable and

can be put in Execution) as any Duties of Customs on Goods imported, or on Goods brought Coastwise,

may now by Law be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents anJ

Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Provisions, rowers, and Authorities relating thereto were particularly re-

peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slate or Stone, on which Duties

are respectively imposed by this Act, (lull be unshipped out of any Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be

brought into any Port of Great Britain, before a regular Entry shall be made thereof, and the Duties hereby

impoled shall be paid according to the Directions or this Act, or if the said Goods shall be landed without

the Presence of the Proper Orfcer of the Customs, the fame shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and one Moiety thereof, after Condemnation of the fame,

shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers

who shall sue or prosecute for the fame.

VI. Provided always, 'That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with

the Duties imposed by tills Ad the following Goods being of the Production of Great Britain; videlicet,

Any Marble, Lime Stone, or Iron Stone whatever, or any Stone cut or manuladurcd into Mill Stones.

Grind Stones, or Whet Stones, or either of them, or any Stone manufactured or converted into Ports and

Caps for Corn Stacks or Mowsteads, Troughs, Gate Polls, or other Articles uled for the Purports of Hus-

bandry, or any Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or

any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery, provided the fame shall be ac-

companied with the usual Coast Dispatches, as in case of Goods carried Coastwise free'of Duty, and that

the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof, shall, previous to the fame being -un-

shipped, or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall have been brought Coastwise,

make, wfth the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the fame shall be brought Coast-

wife, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the said Officer, who is hereby

authorized and required to administer the fame, that inch Goods are intended for the Purposes above-men-

tioned and no other; and if such China Stone, or any other Stone, to be used in the Manufacture of Porce-

lain or of Pottery, shall afterwards be applied to other Ufcs or Purposes, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall

forfeit for every Ton Weight thereof the Sum of twenty Shillings, one Moiety of which shall be to

the Use of the Person who shall give Information thereof, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall sue

fur the fame : Provided also, That this Act (hull not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the

Duties imposed by this Act, any Slate of the Production of Great Britain,-which shall be brought into any

Port of this Kingdom for the sole Purpose of being exported from such Port to Parts beyond the Seas*; pro-

vided the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignecs thereof, shall, previous to the fame being

unshipped or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall have been brought Coastwise,

make,

