47°

Suits for Debt*

n» exceeding

40«. may re de-

tent.ined in a

fumirury Way,

&c.

Chief Justice to

frt'l •* Form? of

Prnccfj, and ap-

point the Fet s

to nr taken in

the Cooits, &c.

Fees in Surro-

gate Courts to be

accounted for in

the Supreme

Court.

F r the Reco-

very and Appli-

cation of Tenui-

ties.

limitation of

Anions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Continuance of

this Act.

C. 76, 77. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, in a sum-

mary Way, to hear and determine all Suits for the Payment of Debts not exceeding forty Shillings, and

not contracted more than one Year before the Commencement of such Suits respectively; and it shall be

lawful for the Court of Session, or such two Justices respectively, to award Cods therein; and such Determi-

nation and Award shall be final, and shall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods

and Eftedlsof the Party against whom the Determination was made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chief Justice to settle such Forms of

Process, and such Rules of Practice and Proceeding, for the Conduct of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints,

and for the Difpaich of the Hufincfs of the said Supreme Court, and Surrogate Courts, and of the Business in

the Courts of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace relpcdtively, and to appoint such rea-

sonable Fees to be taken for the Conduit and Dispatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints, and other Business as

afore'aid, and for the granting Administration of the Effects of Intestates, and for the Probate of Wills, as

shall seem necessary and proper for expediting Matters with the most Convenience and least Expence to the

Parties concerned therein ; and such Process, and Rules of Practice and Proceeding, shall be followed and

obeyed ; and such Fees shall be paid accordingly, and no other; and that all such Fees received in any Sur-

rogate Court shall be paid and accounted for by the Surrogate in the said Supreme Court; and that it shall be

lawful for the said Chief Justice, and he is hereby required, to settle and limit what Fees and Poundage shall be

taken by the Sheriff of Newfoundland^ and the fame shall be taken, and none other.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act of Par-

liament made, or which shall hereafter be made, relating to the I (land of Newfoundland^ or the Fishery there-

of, may be rccoveied in a summary Way in the said Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and every

Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of ten Pounds or under, may be recovered in the Court of Session, or be-

foie any one or more Justices of the Peace ; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, paid, or levied

in any Surrogate Court*, or in any Court of Session, or before any one or more Justices of the Peace, shall be

forthwith estreated, and paid into the said Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Justice or Justices cf

the Peace respectively, before whom they were recovered ; and it shall be lawful for the said Supreme Court

to issue Process for better compelling such Justices and Surrogates to bring to account all Monies which

ought to be so paid and accounted for as aforesaid; and all Money arising from such Fees, Fines, Pe-

nalties, and Forfeitures shall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying tills

Act into Execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any

Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within fix

Months next after the Matter or Thing done ; and the Defendant in such Suit or Action may plead the Ge-

neral Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a

Verdict shall pals for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or diicontinue his Action after the

Defendant has appeared, or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff

the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other

Cafes by Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force untilthe tenth Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body

of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in Consideration

of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to his Majesty and the

Publick.—[17th June 1793.]

cc 23 Geo. III. Cap. 86. recited. On the Determination of the Annuity granted by the said Act, a like

“ Annuity to be paid every succeeding Heir Male of Lord Rodney, to whom the Title shall defeend. The

<c PoflclTors of the Annuity may assign Jointures thereout. Treasury to direct Debentures to be made out

at the Exchequer for Payment of the Annuity, without Charges. Warrant for Annuity not determin-

<c able at the Demise of his Majesty, &7. No Fees to be taken. Receipt of the Heir Male to be a Dif-

“ charge. Annuity free from 'Faxes. Officers of the Exchequer may be sued for Neglect. Annuity not

“ to be encumbered.”

CAP.

