' The TITLES ol

tvvccn the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy

of Gif ton, in the Parish of iTijlbury upon Trym, in the

County of Ghuccffer, and Harry Eldcrton, of the C:ty of

Brijhl, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lcalb of a

certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said

Curacy.

54. An Act to impower Philip Gold] worthy Esquire, Tc-

nant for Life under the Will of Martha Gajhry decoded,

to grant Building or Repairing Leases.

35. An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement exe-

cuted on the Marriage of lltnry To age Liquire, 2nd Ann

Eliza his Wife, to lull and dispose of a Capital Mefiluge

or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in tnc

County of Somerft, and to lay out the Money arising

from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South-Sea

Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement.

36. An Act for vesting the settled Ldates of Thomas Griffith

Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish of

Kiddington, alias Cuddington, in the County of Chfler,

and in the Parishes of Lhmvtiling and Tenant, in the

‘ County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, as

Mortgagee in Pee Simple, and for veiling the Equity of

Redemption thereof in the said 'Thomas Griffith, and his

Heirs, and for settling an Eft ate of the said Thomas Griff,

ffitb, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flinty in lieu

thereof.

37. An AT to enable Edward Curtis, during his Life, and,

after his Death, the Guardians of his Children, during

their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces

of Ground at Clifton, in the County of Ghucejhi\

38. An Act for veiling certain settled Leasehold Lands and

Tenements of Edward Daniel Gentleman, a nd Gath mine

- his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of C]ft:n which lies

within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for

applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the

Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trulls of

the said settled Estates.

39. An AT to enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the fur-

viving Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Pa-

ri flies of Chajffont Saint Piter's and Peer, in the County of

Bucks, purchased with Part of the Per (omul Estate of

Charles Churchill Esquire, decealed, by virtue of an Act

of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the

Reign of his hue Majesty King George the Second, to fell

and convey the fame Lands and Hereditaments, for a

Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Trustees of

the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, decealed ;

and also to enable the said Trustees to invert the said Pur-

chafe Money, and other the said Personal Eltatc, in the

Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be lit-

tied to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in

the said AT of Parliament, and again to fell and uifpofe of

the fame Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands

that may be purchased under the fame Act, or by virtue

of this Act, and to invelt the Purchase Monies arising

therefrom either in the Peblick Funds, or upon Secu-

rities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be conveyed to the lame Uses.

40. An Act for vesting those Parts of the Lands and Estate

of RlyihjwccJ, and others, which lie in the County of La-

r.crk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of felling or feuing the

fame, and for inverting the Money arising by such Sale in

the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodi-

ous and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the

laid Ellate of RiythJvjood, which lies in the County of

Kenfreiv, and for settling and securing the Lands and

Estates, so to be purchased, to, and in favour of, the fame

Scries of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the fame Re-

the STAJ. u 1 no.

ftriTions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned

and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one

thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, by Colin Campbelly

of BhthfficoJ, deceased.

41. An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the

settled Estates of James Tcmplcr Esquire, in the County of

Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed

of for the Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An Act for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, and other

Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks (being

the Estates deviled and settled by the Will of Catherine

Edwin Spinrter, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold and con-

veyed to John Martindak Esquire, and his Heirs, and for

laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Pur-

chase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be more con-

veniently fituute as therein mentioned, to be settled to the

fame Lies ns the said lettled Efiatcs now stand settled by

. the fa d Will.

45. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish

Church of Prffhvich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine

of Lanccjlery for the Time being, to grant Leases of the

Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

4j. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Parti-

tien between Daniel Leo Esquire, and Letitia his Wife*

and Mary Pul lira W idow, of several Estates in the

Counties cf I\i:t, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the

Estates of John Davies of Llanerth Esquire, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for efteituating and eftab! idling an Exchange

agreed upon between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Fran-

cis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire, of certain Lands and other

Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and

Derby*

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and

other Commonable and Wade Lands, within the Parish

of I Tel ton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Ljffingimi, in the County of

Lincoln.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanleyt

in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, with-

in the Township of Sycflon, in the County of Netting*

ham.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Failures, and other Com-

monable Lands 3nd Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Tally, otherwise Tmrilby, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for inclosing, and leafing or letting, certain

Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of

Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying ti e Profits

thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rates in the said Parish, and

for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a TraT of

Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forclt of Mendif^

lying within the Manors of East Iiorrington and Chileoty

in the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in H ells, in the

County of Scmcrjct.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pc‘hires, and other Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Statbern, in the

County of Lciccjier.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

mons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of

Moldy in the County of Flint*

5v An

boogie

