78

C. 13— 15* Aano tricesimo prime Georgii III. .A.D. 1791.

CAP. XIIL

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarter?*

CAR XIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Jit1for granting an Aid to bit Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in G reat Britain, for ike Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one*

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Additional Duty on Sugar imported into this

Kingdom.

c Most Gracious Sovereign,

freimbU. 4 \\7 Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britainl in Parliament

4 VV aficinbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Publick Expences, have

4 freely and voluntarily relolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional Duty ofCudoms herein

4 after mentioned and do most humbly beleech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by*

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

From Apnl ti, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

V^1 j the eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there shall be raised, levied, collected,

iT'sd per° and p^id, unto and for the U(e of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duties payable

Cwt. to be paid by Law, on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of rlpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

on Sugar* im- one, the following additional Duty on Sugars imported or brought into Great Britain, and not warehoused, to

p ried into be paid in ready Money, without any Discount, Abatement, or Deduction whatever; that is to say. For

Great Bnum, every Hundred Weight of Sugar, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, the Sum of two Shil^

housed! * hugs an^ eiSht Pence> and so in that Proportion for any greater or lets Quantity.

Duty to be under II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty, by this Act imposed, shall be

tfhe Manage- under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of' his Majesty’s Customs in England

and Scotland for the Time being.

0/ Customs in England and Scotland respectitcly.

A Drawbark of III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Sugar which {halThave been im-

h* n16 ljUly *° Porte<^ *nt0 Great Britain, after the said eleventh Day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-one, and

Expf>rtation°of on-which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed, on Exportation

the Sugar in the thereof within the Times limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of the Wholeof the said Duty

State it wa* im- by this Act imposed and paid ; provided the said Sugar be exported in the fame State in which it was importea,

ported} but not otherwise.

t>nd * uadiiti?,ul IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all refined Sugar, called Bastards^ and

1 *!*4dC per ' 8roun(^ or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy% which shall

Cwt. on Exoor. be made from Sugar which shall have been imported into Great 5r/V^/«,afterthe(aideleventh Day of April one

nation of refined thousand seven hun Jred and ninety-one, and on which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there

Sugar, *c. trade shall be allowed, on Exportation of every hundred Weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve

from Sugar so Pounds, within the Time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of three Shillings and four

imported. Pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugars respectively, over and above all

other Bounties or Drawbacks allowed for the fame by Law, on and immediately before the said eleventh Day

of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

Duty and Draw- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty imposed, and the said Bounty

back to be paid and Drawback allowed, respectively by this Act, shall and may be respectively ascertained, raised, levied, col-

in the Gme lested, answered, paid, recovered, allowed, and managed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or

either of the Ways, Means, and Methods, and under the Rules, Regulations, Oaths, and Powers respec-

ntr e * # tively, by which the former Duties, Bounties, and Drawbacks on Sugars respectively were or might be ascer-

tained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, allowed, and managed *, and all Sugar, on which

by this Act any additional Duty is imposed, and Bounty or Drawback allowed respectively, shall be and is

hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and For-

feitures, to which Sugar was subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately

before the said eleventh Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and all and every Penalty*

Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach

of any Act or Acts of Paniament inforfce on and immediately before the said eleventh Day of April one thou-

(and (even hundred and ninety-one, made for securingthe Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Im-

provement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby

directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in

respect of the said Duty and Bounty or Drawback respectively, by this Act imposed and allowed, in as full

and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Pro-

6 visions.

