F

1

538 C. 50. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A* D, 1794.

no Cambric or Lawn whatsoever should be imported from the Kingdom of Ireland into any Part of

4 Great Britain, until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into the Kingdom of Ireland should

4 be prohibited by Law, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Goods, and the further penal Sum of five Pounds,

4 for every Piece of Cambric or Lawn so imported: And whereas it is expedient that the said Clause

in the said recited Atft should be repealed :* May it therefore pleaie your Majesty that it may be enabled;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, T hat the said Clause in the said recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

and repealed.

*7 Geo. III.

Cap. 13, recited,

and Cambrics

anJ French

Lawns nny be

imported from

the Austrian

Netherlands, on

Fayment of the

Duties in Table

(C), annexed to

that Act, «Cc,}

but if not im-

ported ir.Dritish-

built Ships, See,

to be forfeited.

Cambric* im-

p.»rted for Ex-

portation, and

warehoused, or

which shall be

heieaher im-

ported, may be

received into the

Curtody of the

Importer, under

certain Regula-

ti ns.

Continuance of

(o much of Act

as relates to

Cambrics.

24 Geo. III.

St!f. a. Cap. 474

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation into Great Britain of Cambrics and Fremh

Lawns horn the Aujlrian Netherlands, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as the Im-

4 portation of Cambrics and French Lawns was allowed by virtue of an Act, passed in the twenty-fever.th

4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Ac) for repealing the everal Duties of Cu/hms'and

4 Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other

4 Duties compofng the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Aler-

4 chandize, the Produce or Alanufaclure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom;

and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on

4 Lives, to the Reduction of the National DebtBe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into any Port of Great Britain from any

Port or Place within the Aujlrian Netherlands, any Cambrics or French Lawns, on Payment of such and

the like Duties as were due and payable on the like Goods, as the fame are respectively described and set

forth in the T able marked (C), annexed to the said recited Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his

Majesty’s Reign; and the Exporters of any Cambrics or French Lawns, on which the Duties charged by

this Act shall have been paid, shall be entitled, on the due Exportation thereof, to such Drawbacks as are

described and set forth to be allowed on the like Goods in the said Table marked (C), annexed to the said

recited Act: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to per-

mit or allow, during the Time limited by this Act, the Importation of any Cambrics or French Lawns,

other than in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, being of

the Burthen of sixty Tons or upwards, and other than in Bales, Cafes, or Boxes covered with Sack Cloth

or Canvas, each of which Bales, Cafes, or Boxes shall contain one hundred whole Pieces, or two hundred

Demi or Half Pieces, of Cambrics or French Lawns; and in case any Cambrics or French Lawns

shall be imported in any other Way, Form, or Manner, or in any less Quantity, the fame (lull and are

hereby declared to be forfeited, and (lull and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s

Customs.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importers or Proprietors of any

Cambrics or French Lawns, which shall have been imported into Great Britain for Exportation, and

lodged according to Law in a Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which shall, after the passing of this

Ad, be lawfully so imported, (lull, after the passing of this Act, be at Liberty to take and receive the same

into their 'own Custody and Polieflion; such Importers or Proprietors first making a regular Entry of all

such Cambrics or French Lawns with the proper Officer of the Customs, anJ paying such Duty for

the fame as Cambrics and French Lawns are by this Act made subject and liable to; and the said Duties

of Customs hereby impofeJ, and the Drawbacks thereof hereby allowed, shall and may be respectively

managed, ascertained, levied, collected, answered, paid, applied, recovered, and allowed, except where any

Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any of the Ways,

Means, or Methods by which the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks thereof, imposed and allowed on

the like Goods by the before-recited Act, of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

were or might be managed, alccrtained, raised, levied, collected, anfvvcred, paiJ, applied, recovered, and

allowed; and the said Goods shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the

Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, and Forfeitures to which the like Goods were (ubjed and

liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, ex-

cept where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or For-

feiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in

force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for

the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Ciaufes, Powers, and Directions therein con-

tained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall and are hereby dir$ded and declared to extend to,

and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties

of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, (as far as the fame are ap-

plicable thereto,) in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the

said Acts, Ciaufes, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particu-

larly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Importation and Exportation

of Cambrics and French Lawns from the Aujlrian Netherlands shall continue and be in force until the

first Day of June one thousand leven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 tituled. An Act for the mere effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, it is, amungft other

4 Things, enacted, that, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 four, if any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, being

8

on

