A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto G e 0 r g i i III. C. 3 7—40. 5 27

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for altering an A&, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, intituled, An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irwell navi; able from Liverpool to Alancneder

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, by incorporating the Proprietors of the fuid Navigation \ and to

declare their respective Shares therein to be Perlunal Estate.—[zSth March 1794.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the Warwick and Bir-

rninoham Canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrcokc, in the County of

Warwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of BraunjUn, in the County of Northampton.

[28th March r794.J

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the Parish of Llanyhlod-

ivell, in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the County of Montgomery j and also certain Col-

lateral Cuts from the said Canal.—[28th March 1794 ]

CAP. XL.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, tQ be raised by a Lottery.

[9th May 1794.]

‘ Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT 7E> your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 W assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, have

4 freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum of seven hundred and forty thousand fix hun-

4 dred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, to be raised by a Lottery, to conltft of

« forty thousand Tickets, at eighteen Pounds ten Shillings and Four-pence each, in such Manner as is

« hereinafter directed and appointed : And whereas pursuant to, and upon the several Terms and Conditions

4 expressed in, the said Refutation, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that

4 Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of seven hundred and forty thousand six hundred

4 and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and made Deposits with the Cashier orCafhiers

4 of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of one Pound ten Shillings and Four-pence in

4 respeef of every such Ticket j your faithful Commons do therefore 010ft humbly beseech your Majesty

4 that it may be enacted, &cd

“ All Persons who have made Deposits, purfirant to the Resolution of the House of Commons, are re-

44 quired to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Cashier to give Secu-

44 rity, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Treasury ; and to pay all Monies received into the Ex-

44 chequer. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. 500,000/.

44 the Amount of the Prizes, to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Managers and Directors

44 of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books prescribed. Managers to

44 examine the Books, with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for*

44 the fame. Cnliners to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Money re-

44 ceived and paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. /Pickets of the Middle*

44 Columns to be rolled up, and fastened with Thread or Silk ; and cut off indentwife into a Box marked

44 with the Letter (A), and put into another Box, to be locked up, and scaled. Books to be prepared with

44 two Columns, on each of which 40,000 Pickets are to be printed. Tickets in the outermost Column of

44 the Lift-mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off' into a Box marked with the Letter (#),

44 &c. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on

44 Feb. 16, 1797. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums to be printed. Disputes to be ad-

44 jufted by the Managers. Forging Tickets, ire. made Felony. Offenders (not in Prison), discovering

44 Persons gudty, to receive a Pardon, and 50/. Reward. No Attainder for any Offences againstthis Act

*4 shall make any Corruption of Blood, Lois of Dower, or Difherilon of Heirs. Managers to be sworn.

4 Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book ; giving a Note for the fame 5

which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 18/. lor. 4d. paid. After May 23, 1794, the Ca-

34 Geo. III.

3 V

fbier

