596

N*me of the

Commissioners,

&c.

Commissioners

may di c(\ the

S»le of Mock,

«frc. for rctloring

Property to the

Proprietor?, &c.

% Monies received

determined by the Commis-

sioners, or paid

into the Bank,

to be classed and

entered, &c.

Du pir cates to be

delivered to the

Bank and Privy

Council iealed

up, and not to 1 e

opened without

his Majesty's

Authority.

Bank to permit

the Stock to be

cUffed, &c»

Stocks to be

accepted and

transferred by

Warrants of the

Comimifioners.

Commissioneri

to keep separate

Accounts of the

different Classes.

C. 79. ving Annoying tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 17.94,

Order of the said Commissioners, upon the Application of any Person or Persons interested therein, his, her,

or their Agent or Agents, or at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, in the Purchase of three Pounds

per Centum Consolidated Annuities, or in any other of the Public Funds transferable at the Bank of Eng~

land, in the Name of the said Commissioners, by the Name of The Commijjio tiers for the Preservation of Pro-

perty belonging to Perjons in F ranee, in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England

are hereby Authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the said Annuities or Stock so pur*

chafed, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Secretary of the said Commissioners, to the Use of the said

Commissioners ; and all and every the Dividends and Interest to be received thereon shall be laid out in like

Manner in the Purchase of the like Annuities or Stock, and the Dividends and Interest in all such Accumu-

lations shall be received and applied in like Manner, unless otherwise ordered by the said Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, upon Application for

that Purpose by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons who shall appear to their Satisfaction to be entitled

thereto, if in their Discretion they shall think fit, todircCI the Sale of such Annuities or Stock, or any Part

thereof, and to transfer the fame accordingly, or to transfer the fame without Sale, either for the Purpose

of restoring the Property inverted therein to the Proprietors, according to the Intent and Meaning of this

ACI, or to such Persons or Person as the Proprietors shall appoint, and in like Manner to pay the Interest

and Dividends of the said Annuities and Stock so to be purchased, or any Money paid into the Bank as

aforesaid, or to deliver any Securities for Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Property, and EfteSs,

which shall have been delivered to such Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, provided the Person or Per-

fons to whom such Payment shall be made, or such> Effects shall be delivered, shall not be at the Time of

such Payment or Delivery in any of the Dominions of France, or in any Territory or Place under the Go-

vernment of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France \ but nevertheless such Payment

and Delivery as aforesaid shall be wholly at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, and shall not be com-

pelled in any Manner whatever.

XXL And be it further enacted, That, to avoid Multiplicity of Accounts, the said Commissioners shall

causeall the Principal Monies from Time to Time received by them, or paid into the Bank in pursuance of

this Act, to be classed in the Order in which the fame shall be so received, in such Classes, and in such Sums

in each Class, as they shall judge most convenient, and shall cause such Classes to be respectively numbered,

and a diiliniSt Statement of each Class to be made out, containing the Names and Descriptions of the Per-

fons respectively from whom the Sums of Aloney composing such Classes respectively have been received,

and the Sums received from each, and also the Names and Descriptions of the Persons to whom such Sums

are respectively (fated to belong, in the Account or Particular thereof delivered to the said Commissioners as

aforesaid, and the Sums dated therein to belong to each Person; which Statements shall be respectively

marked with the Numbers of the different Classes to which they relate, and shall be entered in a Book or

Books, to be provided and kept by the said Commissioners ; and the said Commissioners shall also cause two

Duplicates of each such Statement, fairly written on Paper, to be made out and delivered, enclosed in a Co-

ver, under the Seal of the said Commissioners, one thereof to the Governor or Deputy Governor of the

Bank of England for the Time being, and the other thereof to one of the Clerks of his. Majesty’s Privy

Council for the Time being, to be carefully kept amongst the private Papers of the Bank of England oxA

Privy Council respectively, locked up, and which shall not be opened without the Authority of his Majesty,

under his Sign Manual.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and

they are hereby required to permit and suffer the Annuities and Stock purchased by the said Commissioners,

in pursuance of this Act, to be claflcd and entered under distinct Numbers, and in distinct: Sums, in their re-

spective Books at the Bank of England, according to the said respective Classes, and which Classes shall be

therein respectively enumerated and distinguished, in the Manner the feme shall have been enumerated and

diltinguished by the said Commissioners ; and all the Dividends and Interest Monies payable to the said Com-

missioners, in respect of the Annuities or Stock in each Cfefs, shall, from Time to Time, when laid out in

the Purchase of other Annuities or Stock of the like Kind, be added to and made Part of the Prin-

cipal Monies of such Class of Annuities or Stock from which the fame Dividends or Interest Monies re-

spectively arose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That all Stocks and Securities transferrable at the Bank of England\

which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, shall be accepted and transferred by the Cashier of the

Bank of England, in pursuance of Warrants under the Hands of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and

not otherwise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall keep separate and distinct Accounts

of the Amount of the Monies composing the different Classes directed by this Act to be made, and of the

Annuities or Stock purchased and belonging to each Class, and directed to be entered separately in the

Books of the Bank of England, and also of the Produce of the Annuities or Stock from Time to Time

arising in each Class, and of all Additions from Time to Time made to the fame respectively; and the said

Annuities or Stock of each such Class, together with all Additions that shall have been made thereto, and all

Dividends due thereon, shall be divisible, transferrable, and payable in such and the like Shares or ali-

quot Parts of the Whole, as the Principal Monies composing the Class to which such Annuities or Stock

shall belong would have been divided into, in case no such Purchase of such Annuities or Stock, or such In-

crease thereof, had been made.

& XXV. And

i

