The TITLES of

to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and

Solicitors ; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and

Officers of the Militia, who have negle£ted to tranimit'

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the

Peace within the 'Lime limited by Law, and lor giving

further Time for that Purpose.

13. An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking

*-Efte£t from a Time prior to the passing thereof.

14.. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange All'urance Com-

panies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and fell

Annuities upon or for Lives.

15. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground

contiguous to the Bank of England.

16. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act

of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal -from the

Town of Basingstoke, in the County ^/'.Southampton, to

communicate with the River Wey, in Chert-

ley, in the County of Surrey, and to the Side of

the Turnpike Road, in the Parijl) of Turgifs,

County of Southampton.

17. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service olthe Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-three. \

18. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and ninety-three.^

19. An Act for defraying the Chargaythc Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and

for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a cer-

tain Time in the Militia.

ao. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act

of Parliament of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty,

for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication be-

tween Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

a 1. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashlon under

Lyne, and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place

called Clayton Demesne,in the Township of Droylfden, in

the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turn-

pike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester

and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of

The Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a Place

called Taylors Barn, in the Township of to Dea-

ten, at a Place called Beat Bank,adjoining the Turnpike

Road leading between Stockport and under JLyne;

and also from the intended Aquedud Bridge, at or near a

Place "called IVaterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under

. Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at

wood,in the Township of Oldham aforesaid.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two

hundred thousand Pounds, to be iftiied and paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for

the Reduction of the National Debt.

23. An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in

% the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jest y ,forrepealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above

six Shillings the Barrel, exclujiveof

not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of.such

Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as

respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by common

.Brewers.

the STATUTES.

24. An Act for separ3ting the Chapels of Chorley and

Rvjjhrd from the Parish of Crofton, in'the County of

Lcncajlcr, and for making them two distindi Parish

Churches.

25* An Act for paving the h ootpaths, within the Rorough of

Ludloiv, in the County of Salop; and for lighting, watch-

ing, and otherwise improving, the said Borough.

26• An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen

, to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

; Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, dur-

ing the present War.

27* An Act more effectually. to prevent, during the prefenC

War between Great Britain and Frame, all traitorous

Correspontlence with, or Aid or Assistance being given for

his Majesty’s Enemies.

28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of

Annuities, to be charged of the £qnfolidated Fund ; and

for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British

Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed

1 axes.

29. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of

Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes

‘and in the Manner therein mentioned.

30. An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds

) in the Transfers of the several Funds trartsferable at the

Bank of England\ '

31. An Act to enable the Common Council of the Town

of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and

Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue

negotiable Notes for a limited Time, and to a limited

Amount.

32. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

one million five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and

Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not

be subjedfc to any Penalties, by reason of an Act made in

the fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen

JAary^ on Account of their advancing Money for the Pay-

ment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by ifie .©i-

redtion of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treafi^ry,

and maeje payable at the Bank of England. '

33. An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed.in the first

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act fQr

preventing Frauds in theDuties upon Salty aydfor the better

Payment of Debentures ,at the Custom House, which may

relate to the refining and* making of Salt at certain Works

intended to be.erected at G'arston, in the County Palatine

of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Li-

verpool.

34. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with

• respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in

this Kingdom.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

twenty-second Year of the Reign of .his*present Majesty,

for the better Relief and Employ aunt of the Poor.

36. An Act to establiili certain Regulations respecting Of-

ficers serving in several Corps of Eencible Men, in that

1 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain

other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great

Britain. * ;

37. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-.first Year

of the Reign of his Xato Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for the due making .cf Bread, and to regu-

late the Price and Ajftze thereof • and to punish Persons who

Jhull adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, with respedi to the

Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by me

said Act are to be brought. xt

3-8. Ar*

c.

