5+8

Penalty may be

levied by Dif-

tress. See,

Application of

Penalty.

Bread may be

fold, and Meat,

See. baked, on

Sunday between

certain Houn.

Complaints to

be made within

fix Day®.

Convictions to

be drawn up in

the following

Form,

Nothing in any

Act to#irevent

Samuel Artuoa

from tanning

Hide* and Skin*

C. 61—63. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. A.D. 1794»*

or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either upon his own View, or Confession of the Party, or

Proof by one or more Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings*

and if any Person so convicted shall neglect or ret'use to pay the Paid Sum of ten Shillings, such Justice shall

and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the

Offender’s Goods and Chattels*, and, in Default or Inefficiency of such Distress, commit the Offender to

the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding fourteen, nor less than seven Days, unless the Penalty

or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall, within seven Days after Pay-

ment thereof, be transmitted by such Justice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish

where the Offence shall be committed, to be employed and converted to the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit

the felling of Bread, or to prohibit or make liable to the Penalties of this Act any iYlafter or Journeyman

Baker, or other Person, baking Meat, Puddings, or Pies, only, on the Lord’s Day' between the Hours of

nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and one of the Clock in the Afternoon, so as the Person requiring the

baking thereof shall carry or fend the fame to and from the Place where such Meat, Pudding, or Pie is

baked.

III. Provided always, and be it cnadleJ, That every Complaint against any Master Baker, Journeyman

Baker, or other Person, for any Thing by him or them done contrary to the* Provisions of this Act, shall be

made and prosecuted within fix Days after the Offence committed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted under thifc

Act, shall and may cause such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the EffedI following:

To wit

44 'gE it remembered, That on this Day of A. B. is convicted

44 before me one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said

41 County of [or> as the Cafe may bef due Proof being made before me, 011

44 the Oath of or, upon the Cnnfession of, &c. [as the Cafe may bej, that

44 [Specifying the Offence, the Time when, and the Place where]; and I do

44 adjudge the said to pay and forfeit for the fame the Sum of ten Shillings*

44 Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of 99

CAP. LXII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand

Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned*—[23d May 1794.]

44 His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received, or Exchequer Bills to be made out

44 for 2,500,000l. any Time before January 5, 1795, agreeable to 34 Geo. III. Cap. 7. Powers of 34

44 Geo. III. Cap. 7. to extend to this Act, except as herein excepted. Loans or Exchequer Bills charge-

44 able on the hrft Aids granted next Session; and if not granted before July 5, 1795, to be paid out of the

44 Consolidated Fund. Monies issued from the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Sup-

44 plies. Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act.”

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of Tanning Hides

and Skins.—[23d May 1794.]

WHEREAS Samuel Ashton of Sheffield, in the County of Tors Painter, having alleged that he had

invented a new Method of tanning Hides and Skins, obtained his Majesty’s Letters Patent, bear-

4 ing Date the sixteenth Day of January^ in the thirty-fourth Year of his Reign, containing a Grant to

4 him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the foie U(e, Benefit, and Advantage of such Inven-'

4 tien, within the Limits and for the 'T erm uluai in the like Cafes; and the said Samuel AJlrton hath, by an

4 Instrument in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, described and ascertained the Nature of his said Inven-

4 tien, and the Materials to be used as Ingredients in preparing the Tan Liquor made use of in his Procefe

4 of Fanning, and the Degrees and Proportions thereof, and the Manner of using the fame, and hath

4 cauled such instrument to be inrolled in the Court of Chancery, agreeable to the Terms and Conditions

4 of the said Letters Patent: But by reason of some Provisions or Restrictions contained in certain Acts of

4 Parliament relating to the Manner of tanning Hides and Skins, and the Materials or Things to be used

4 therein, Doubts have arisen touching the Validity of the said Letters Patent:’ For obviating such Doubts,

and in order to give to the said Samuel Ashton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and also the

Publick, the Benefit intended by the said Letteis Patent; may it please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That nothing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made shall be con-

strued to hinder or prevent the said Samuel Ashton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the

Term of the said Letters Patent, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, after the Expiration of the said

Term, from tanning of Hides and Skins in the Manner, and according to the Method, and with the

7 Materials

^.ooooie

