ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III.

40 C» 33.

A.D. 1790.

If * 30I and

un icr 4.0I —

6). 6s.

If it 40I. and

tin.'er ^o'.—

61. 14s. i

tnd if at 50!. or

upwards, 7I. 2t.

To whom ’he

Money for Li-

ct r.cii is 10 be

paid.

Liconce* to con-

tinnein force fill

061. to enfuiig

the granting

thereof j and if

ft anted between

A p il 53rd Oil.

IO, a r t;ab!e

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied*

be rated as aforela.d at thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under forty Pounds, then such Person

or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of six Pounds and fix

Shillings:

If such Dwell ing-houfa shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied,

be rated as aforesaid at forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under fifty Pounds, then such Person or

Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of six Pounds and fourteen

Shilling?:

And if such Divelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Court®, Yards, and Gardens therewith oc-

cupied, he rated as aforesaid at fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards, then such Person or Persons shall take out

a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of seven Pounds and two Shillings,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforelai I, 'That the find icvcral Sums of Money by this

Act directed to be paid for tuch Licences lefpvchvely, hull be paid to such Persons as are herein-after in thne

Iiehalf relpecrively mentioned ; that is to (ay, such thereof as fh.dl be paid for Licences which shall be taken

out within the Limits of the Ch;ef Office of Exctfe in Londo 7, shall he paid at the Chief Office of Excifie in

Lon 'on ; and such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City

of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Exci.e in Edinburgh ; and such thereof as drill be paid for

Licences which shall be taken out in any Part of Great Britain s not within the fa id rdpeclive Limits, shall

be paid to the respeetive Collector? of Excise granting such relpeffiive Licences.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Licences to be granted under and by

virtue of this Act, Hull remain and continue in force until and upon the tenth Day of October next ensuing

the lime of the granting thereof, artd no longer: Provided always nevertheless, that where any licence shall

be first granted between the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of Odder in ary Year, there shall be

charged only a rateable Propoi tien of the Money here in- before directed to be paid for or in ref vet of such Li-

cence, according to the'Time for which such Licence shall be granted, any 1 lung herein-before contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Proportion only to be charg'd

Licence* to be

renewed yearly,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person or Persons shall retail any Foreign

Tine, or any AVffiy'Z'-inade Wines or Sweets, or any d Hilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, after

e Expiration of such ins, her, or their Licence, unltls inch Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence

Penalty of 50!.

©n i’erforu re-

tailing Wine,

Sec, without Li-

cence, or nut re-

re wi' gif,

On Dea'h orRe-

movalot licenkd

Person«, the

Conimiirioner*

of Exrile, ive.

nay authoiile

the Executor* or

Aifigneci to car-

ry on the Tra le

fee the Remain-

der of the Term.

One Licence

f'ltTicicnl for ft

Purt» efih p in

Cf>e House.

L:cence n«.t to

tuth ri/e • he

Sale of W

Arc. in any u’h'r

House than that

for which it \va*

grained.

Kot to prejudice

the Vrivil .t-ti of

the two Univer-

iiuei.

nor the Vintner*

Cot,niny, nor

any Town Cor-

porate.

\Y

the

for the like Purpose, in the Manner herein-before dnected, ten Days at least before the Expiration of such

former Licence, and so in like Manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; and if any Person or

Persons shall retail any Foreign Wine, or any L7/7//b-nnde Wines or Sweets, orany distilled Spirituous Li-

quors or Strong Waters, without first taking out a Licence authorising him, hcr? or them so to do, and re-

newing the fa ne as is herein-before in that Behalf directed, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, for-

feit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of any Person so licensed,

or upon the Removal of any Per(on or Perions lo licenkd from the entered House or Premiles in which such.

his, her, or their Licence shall authorize him, her, or them to retad Foreign Wine, or to retail British-made

Wines or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spiiimous Liquors or Strong Waters, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Com mi.honors of Excile in England and Scotland reflectively for the Time being, or any one or

more of them, and to and for the several Collectors and Supervilors of Exc fe in England.and Scotlandrespec-

tively, within their respeetive Collections ami District?, to au thorite and impower the Executors or Admi-

nillrators, or the Wife or Child of such deceased Person, or the Ailignee or Assigns of any such Person so re-*

moving, who shall be possessed of such Houseor Premises, in like Manner to retail Foreign Wine, or to retail-

British-made Wine? or Sweets, or to ictail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, as the Cafe may

require, in the fameerttered House or Premises where such Person lo licensed, i»y virtue of such Licence, car-

ried on such Trade, during the Residue of toe Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without

taking out a new Licence during the Refffiue of the said Term : Provided always, 'That Perions trading in

P’arinerftiip, and in one House or Shop only, shall not he obliged to take out more than one Licence in any

one Year, either for retailing Foreign Wine, or for retailing British-made Wines or Sweet-, or for retail-

ing difrilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Water, as the Cafe may be; and that no one Licence, which

fh.dl be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize or impower any Person or Persons to retail Foreign

Wine, or to retail /hvk’ffi-nude Wirus or Sweets, or to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Wa-

House, Warehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place than such Houses,

hffi ?'ne* or .^ey shall retail

Spirituous Liquors or Strong

such Licence, and whereof Emry in Writing

of such Person or Peribas at the Timeof grat-

ters, m any otner

Warehouks, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, or ortier Place?, in which

Foreign Wine, or retail Bntt/h-nnffie Wines or Sweets, or retail distilled

Waters, as the Cafe may require, at the Time of gr nuin

shall be made at the Office ot Excjfe in the Name or Names of

ing such Licence.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained (half in anyv/ife be prejudicial to the Privi-

leges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called Engl md^ or either of them, nor to the Chan-

cellors or Scholars of the fame, or their Successors, but that they may u(e and enjoy such Privileges as they

have heretofore lawfully uied and enjoyed; any Tning herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-

ftanJing.

XII. Provided also, that nothing herein-before contained shall extead or be prejudicial to the Matter,

Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty of the Vintne.s of the City of Lmdra% or to any other City or Town

Corporate, bat that they may ufc and enjoy such Liberties and Privi.egcs as they have heretofore lawfully uied

tnd

