278

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63*

32 Geo. 3. c. 34*

32 Geo. 3.0. 67.

26 Geo. 3. c. 63.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

3* Ceo. 3.C.33.

32 Geo. 3. c, 33.

3iGeo.3. c. 33.

32 Geo. 3 c. 33.

32Geo. 3.0. 33.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

32 Geo. 3. c. 67.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

3* Geo. 2. c. 10.

32 Geo. 3.C. 76.

32 Geo. 3.c. 34.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34.

31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

altered by 32.

Geo. 3. c. 33.

32 Geo. 3. c. 34,

C. 67. Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1792.

must be witnessed by the Commander or by a signing Officer or Lieutenant on Board of the Ship where such

Service was performed, and the fame, accompanied by a Certificate from such Officer, must be submitted for

Inflection at the Pay Office in London, where (if found just) it will be stamped for Payment.

16. All Lieutenants are directed to sign their Names upon some Page of every Muster Book, in order that

their Signatures may be known to the Inspector at the Navy Pay Office ; all Captains or Commanders are

directed to specify upon every such Muster Book which of the Men have granted Wills or Powers since the

preceding Return.

And all Officers in the Navy, and other Officers under Government, are directed to grant the Certificates,

attest the Vouchers, and act in other Respects as shall be necessary on their Part to fulfil the Intent and Mean-

ing of the respective Instructions and Requisitions set forth and made in this Abstract.

17. All Wills, Letters of Attorney, and Orders, other than made agreeable to the aforesaid Directions,

made by Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, and all Bargains, Bills of Sale, and Assignments concerning

the Wages or Allowances of Money due, growing or to grow due to any Inferior Officer, Seaman, or Ma-

rine, shall be null and void.—Assignments made by Commissioned and Warrant Officers shall be good and

valid, provided they shall be made general, and for a certain specilied Sum ; and the Treasurer of the Navy,

or Persons paying for him. Avail pay all Wages or other Allowances due to such Officers upon such -AAlign-

ments, until the Sum specified in the fame shall be duly satisfied; and in Cafes where more than.one Align-

ment shall be produced, the Treasurer, or Persons paying for him, shall pay upon them and satisfy them ac-

cording to the Priority of their Dates, but he or they lo paying shall take no Notice whatever of any Assign-

ment made by any Officer, unless the fame shall be exhibited and be accompanied with the necessary Certi-

ficates and Papers, at the Time when Payments shall be demanded to be made thereon; and the said Trea-

surer, or Persons paying for him, shall not take notice of any Power of Attorney, or any Check of any

Power, unless such Power or Check thall be presented at the Time of Payment; and if two or more Powers

or Checks shall be presented at the fame '1 ime, Payment shall be made to that which bears the latest Date.

18. British Governors, Ministers and Confute, residing at Foreign Parts, or, where no such a;e Ptefent,

any two British) Merchants are required to provide for Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain,

who by Shipwreck, Capture, or other unavoidable Accident, shall be in Foreign Parts, or who iliali

be discharged there as unfefviceable from the Royal Navy, and sublist them at nine Pence per Diem each,

and fend them Home as soon as conveniently may be in any Ship belonging to the Royal Navy, or in any

Merchant Ship.

19. Matters of Ships shall be allowed nine Pence per Diem for all such Men and Boys as shall exceed their

Complement.

20. Inferior Officers, Seamen, or Marines, shall not be taken out of the Service for any Debt, unless such

Debt shall have been contracted before they entered the Navy, and shall exceed twenty Pounds.

21. But Creditors may file a common Appearance so as to entitle them to proceed to Judgement and Out-

lawry, and to have an Execution thereon, except against the Bodies of such Seamen.

22. Receivers of Seamen’s Wages taking more than Sixpence in the Pound shall, for every Offence, for-

feit fifty Pounds ; and if any such Offender be a Clerk, Officer, or Servant, in an Office belonging to the

Navy, he shall lose his Place, and be incapable of holding any Place of Profit in such Office.

23. Clerks, Officers, and Servants in Offices belonging to the Navy, taking Fees (not allowed by the

Acts of which this is an Abstract) for doing any Thing directed by the said ACts, shall be subject to the fame

Forfeitures.

24. Captains or Commanders of Ships are to transmit, from Time to Time, to the Commissioners of the

Navy at their Board, complete Pay Books, Lilts and Tickets, and also, once in every two Months, complete

Muster Books, under the Penalty of forfeiting all their Wages to the Chest at Chatham, and of being liable to

such further Punishment as a Court Martial shall infliCi, except in Cafes of Ncccflity, to be made appear to

the Satisfaction of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty.

25. 'The Payment of Tickets, Certificates, or Pay Lifts, shall not be delayed, though the Muster or Pay

Books be not regularly ferrt to, and received by, the Commissioners of the Navy ; but if any Error shall be

made in any Ticket, Certificate, or Pay Lift, the Loss shall be made good out of the Wages of the Captain

or Commander by whom such Picket, Certificate, or Pay Lift, was made out.

26. Captains and Commanders who shall fail from any Foreign Station, before an Opportunity offers of

transmitting Home their Muster Books, Lifts, and 'Tickets, shall leave them with the Naval Officer, or fomc

respectable Merchant or other Person, to be forwarded by the fiift Opportunity.

27. Captains removed from any Ship in his Majesty’s Service shall leave with his Successor complete Muf-

ter Books, signed by himself and the proper Officers, to the Date of his Removal, and shall receive a Receipt

for the fame; and the Commissioners of the Navy shall not sign his General Certificate unleis such Receipt

be produced, or unless it be made'appoar that the Directions herein given were complied with, as far as the

Nature of the Service would admit.

28. Wages, fffe. earned by an Apprentice shall be paid to his Matter as usual, if such Matter shall produce

the Indentures at the Pay Table when the Wages are demanded, unless such Apprentice shall have been above

eighteen Years of Age when he was indented, in which Cafe he may receive Payment of the fame himself, or

unless he shall be rated as a Servant to an Officer, in which Cafe his Wages shall be paid to such Officer ac-

cording to the usual Practice of the Navy, unless such Officer shall have been informed of such Appremiceship

by the Indentures having been exhibited to him.

29. All Months to which this Abstract of the Naval Acts relates, shall be counted and reckoned Calendar

Months, excepting in computing the Wages due to Officers, Seamen, and Marines, when each Month shall

consist of twenty eight Days only.

S ' 30. Captains

