C. 73—83. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. A.D. 179a.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation; and

for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former Acts paned for making and maintaining the said

Navigations.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Prefer vat ion of Waterbeach Level,

in the County of Cambridge ; and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Water-

beach cum Denny and the Commoners within theja'td Manor.

CAP. LXXVr.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffbrdshire and IVorceJlershire Canal Navigation, to

improve the Navigation of the River Severn, from Stourporty in the County of IVvrceJlery to a Place

called Diglisy near the City of kVorcefier.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for forming and keeping in repair the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within a certain

Diilrift, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chclfeay in the County of Middlejex, called Hans Towny and for

otherwise improving the same.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs

thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the

public Wells and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to continue an A cl, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

regulate the Loading of Ships with Coahy in the Ports ^Newcastle and Sunderland.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of East Grinfleady in the County of Sussex*

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the

Parish of Streathamy in the County of Surrey; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better

Government of the Poor of the said PariQi.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the

Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXXIL

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Ttdvile, to and through a Place called

The Banky near the Town of Cardiffy in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXXIIL'

An Act for impowering.Persons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouzer in the

County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horses, or other Bealls, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the (kid

River; and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the (kid Banks or Sea Walls*

<^.

