A.D. 1794. Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 21.

fame, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in such Certificate or Certificates; any Thing herein

contained, orany Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in'any wile notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who, as Exe-

cutors, Administrators, Trustees, Committees of Idiots or Lunatics, or Personsof unfound Mind, Depo-

fitaries, or Mortgagees, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any of the said Bills,

shall and may deliver up such Bills as they shall be respectively pofl'efled of, interested in, or entitled unto

to such Treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid ; and as to Executors or Admini-

strators, the Capital Stock of Annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to in respect of the said

Bills so by them delivered up, and the Dividends from Time to Time arising therefrom, shall be Assets in

their Hands in the same Manner as the said Bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up ;

and as toTrustees, Committees, Depositaries, and Mortgagees, the Capital Mock of Annuities which

they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and in respect of such Trust or mortgaged Bills which they shall

so deliver up to such Treasurer as aforesaid, and the Dividends from Time to Time arising therefrom, shall

be subject and liable to the fame Trusts or Equity of Redemption as such Bills were or would have been had

they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as

they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required

to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as aforesaid, in

pursuance of the Directions of this A61, and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and he and

they is and are hereby required forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for .that Purpose,

for the Principal Sum of one hundred and one Pounds for every Sum of one hundred Pounds contained in

such Certificates so brought to him or them as aofrelaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum;

and the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whose Credit such Principal Sums shall be entered in the

said Book or Books, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall and may have Power

to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and

the said Governor and Company for the Time being shall also, on or before the fifth Day of July one thou-

sand (even hundred and ninety-five, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book

or Books first hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Ex-

chequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this A61, it is hereby fur-

ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and

their Successors shall from Time to Time appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons,

within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Caftiier or Caffiiers, and one other Per-

son or Persons within the same Office, to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies,

from Time to Time, being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Acct

made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by the Order of

the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time

being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, from Time

to Time, at therespective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be ifiiied and paid at the said Receipt of

Exchequer to the First or Chief Caftiier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment

o\ the said Annuities; and that such Caftiier or Cashiers, to whom the said Monies shall from Time to

Time be iilued, shall from Time to Time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render

his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Courfeof the Exchequer*

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from

Time tp Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the

Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud; Negligence, or Delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies intended to be converted

into Annuities by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one Capital or Joint Stock,

on which the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending, and

shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with and shall be redeemable at the lame

Time and in like Manner as the Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per

Annum, established by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy9 Vi ft nailing, ana. Tranjport Bills, and Ordnance

Debentures; and by another Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and f^anfport Bills, and Ordnance Dcben~

tures; and that all and every Person or Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money

to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have, or be deemed

to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid; and that the

said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending

the fame, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise ; and that there shall con-

ftantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the Time being, within the City of London,

a Book or Books, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any

Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the fame at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and re-

gistered \ which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be Ggned by the

PartieSr

515

Extcutors, &c.

may deliver up

Bil's in their

possession in

Trust, &c.

Bank to receive

Certificates, and

give Credit for

foil. Principal,

for every 100L

therein, which

m3y be trans-

ferred, &c.

Bank to appoint

an Accountant

General.

Treasury to or-

der Money to be

issued at rhe Ex-

chequer, for

Payment of

Annuities.

Caftiier to pay

the fame with-

out Delay.

Accountant Ge-

neral toexamine

the Caftiier* Ac-

counts.

Annuities to be

addrd ro the 5I,

per C: nts. efta-

bl ihed by 24

Geo 111 Stir.

2, Cap. 39, and

25 Geo. ill.

Cap. 32.

Book to be kept

for entering

TranJets.

