1

A.D. 1790. Anno tricesimo Georgii III. C. 9, 10.

4 of (heir Councils respectively, of authorising the Importation by Sea, or Coastwise, into the said Province

c of Quebec, in Cafes of Emergency, of certain Sorts of Provisions from any of the Territories belonging to

the said United States of America be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

w.in the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful, in case of public Emer-

gency and Distress, for the Governor of the said Province of £Atehcx, or Lieutenant Governor or Com-

mander in Chief for the 'Time being, with the Advice and Consent of the Council of the said Province,

to authorise the Importation by Sea, or Coastwise, into the said Province of §hiebcc, or into the Countries

or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint Lawrence from the Sea, of Neat Cattle,

Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or live Stock of any Sort Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat,

Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, or Flour made thereof, for a limited Time, from any of the

Territories belonging to the Lid United States, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Province, and

of the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof: Provided always, That the said Goods and

Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British Subjects, and in British-

built Ships owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the

Forfeiture thereof, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be so imported, together with her

Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

4 II. And wheieas by an Act passed in the said twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An ati to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Majcjlf s Colonies or Plantations

in the Weft: Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and

4 Rf visions; Rum, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the

4 West Indie's, is allowed to be imported from the said Colonies, without Payment of Duty, into the said

4 Province, not exceeding in Value a Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, carried from

the said Province and landed in the said Colonies: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said

4 Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, are thereby required to be of the Produce or Growth of the*

4 said Province;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lumber (except JVhite Oak

Staves), Provisions, Horses, or Neat Cattle, exported tinder the Conditions and Regulations of the said Act,

shall be of the Growth or Produce of the said Province of tehee, and no other.

Oak Staves) to be of the Pr

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities,

and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his

Majesty’s Customs,. or by the Commander or Commanders of any of his Adajesty’s Ships or Vessels of

War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer specially authorised by him or them; and that every

Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted and re-

covered in such Couits, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof

respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Pur-

poses, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Lav/ respecti; g the Revenue of the Customs now may be sued for,

prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s Do-

minions in North America or the West Indies reflectively, as the Cale may happen to be.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That this Act shall commence and be in force

from and after the Hrft Day of May one thousand (even hundred and ninety.

j

CAP. IX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain cal! :d

England,}or one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the Floufe of Com-

mons; and for ailahlu g the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being

from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE,your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

alien;- led, being demons of making Provision for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons

4 for the Time being more clfecLu.iiiy to support the Dignity of the said Office, and the Expence necef-

4 farily attending the fame; and having resolved that, for that Purpose, the Lords Commissioners of the

4 Treasury should be authorised to direct, from 'Time to Time, a Sum to be issued at the Exchequer, which,

4 together with the Fees and Allowances of five Pounds per Day, now payable on Account of the said

4 Office, may amount to the clear yearly Sum of six thousand Pounds, do therefore most humbly beseech

4 your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary of the Speaker of the House of Com-

mons lor the Time being, or such other Officer or Person as the Speaker shall appoint, shall, as soon as con-

veniently may be after the Expiration of the Quarter ending on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven

hundred and ninety, deliver to the Lord High JTreasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being,

In cafip of E*rer-

gs* nev, the Go-

vernor of Que-

bec, with the

Conftnt of the

Council, may

authorise the

Importat on by

Sea 01 C' aft w ife

of Neat Cattle,

& from 'he

United State*,by

Brit Ih Subjects

in B’j ifh-built

Ship?, &c,

38 Geo. 3.

c. 39. recited*

Lumber, &c.

exported under

ihe recited A&

(excfp* White

dut e ot Quebec.

By whom

Seizures may

be made.

How Forfeitures

are to be re-

coveied and ap-

plied.

Commencement

of Ad.

Preamble!

The Speaker*#

Secretary to de-

liver to the

Treasury, at the

Time# herein.

