A.D. 1790. ving Annoying tricesimo Georgii III. C. 11. 9

VI. And be it further enacted. That the several Sum and Sums of Money directed by this Act to be

issued to the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Purpose of completing the clear Sum of one thou-

sand five hundred Pounds, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges

whatever; and that the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being shall be free and clear of

all Taxes, Impositions, and public Charges, in respect of such Sums, any Thing contained in any Law or

Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the

Time being shall not hold or enjoy, in his own Nafne, or in the Name of any Person or Persons in trust

for him or for his Benefit, any Office or Place of Profit under the Crown during Pleasure.

CAP. XI.

Payments out of

the Consolidated

Fund to be free

from all Taxes.

Speaker not to

hold any Place ,

of Profit under

the Crown dur-

ing Pleasure*

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Sub-

jects of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America^ so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce

carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to

the said United States.

4 \^/hILREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reijgn of his present Majesty, fin-

4 V V tituled, An Act for preventing certain biftruments from being required from Ships belonging to the

4 United Stales of America; and to give to his Majesty for a limited Time, certain Poiuers for the better

4 carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majestfs Dominions and the Inhabitants

4 of the said United States); which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the

4 fifth Lay of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety : And whereas by an Act, made in the

4 twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an

4 Act, made in the twenty-third Tear of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for

4 the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Dominions and

4 the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with

4 the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certa'm Articles therein mentioned);

4 the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this

4 Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the fame might relate to

4 Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic,

4 which might be exported from this Kingdom ; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subse-V-

4 ciuent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety:

4 And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so

4 far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the

4 People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and also that the said Act of the

4 twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign should be further continued:’ May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this King-

dom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that the said Act,

made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters and Things therein

contained, shall continue and be in Force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-one.

• rica, and 24 Geo. 3. c. 49. to continue in Force till

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of

any Place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, [hall be exported from

hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in Force, or which [hall here-

after be in Force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities whatever shall be

imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of this Kingdom,

other than such as by any Law now in Force, or \yhich shall hereafter be in Force, or by virtue of this present

Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be permitted to be imported ; or if any

Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States of America into any

of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law

now in Force,' or which shall hereafter be in Force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the fame shall be

forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall respectively be ex-

ported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.

Goods imported fiom these States contrary to Law,

III. And be it further enacted. That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, {hall and may be

sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce

thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Pur-

poses, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for,

prosecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed ; and that the

Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively ; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

30 Glo. III. C IV. And

Preamble.

23 Geo. 3.

c- 39*

24 Geo. 3%

c. 45.

23 Geo. 3.

c. 39. so far as

relates to the

Commerce be-

tween this

Kingdom and

the United

States of Ame-

April 5, 1791*

Articles from

any Place bor-

deiing on the

Baltic, which

may be exported

from this King-

dom, if export-

contrary to

Law, and Goods

imported from

the United

States of Ame.

riea, and not

permitted by

Law, and also

to be forfeited.

How Forfeiture*

are to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

boogie

