A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 75. 463

VII. And be it further enacted and declared. That if any Person or Persons who shall be rated or a defied

by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Act, or any Person or Persons liable to pay any Rate

or Rates, Assessment or Affi Aments, made by virtue or in pursuance thereof, shall by the Space of seven Days

next after his, her, or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment cr Assessments, shall be due and demanded

by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to collect and receive the lame (such Demand being

either personally made on the respective Person or Persons so charged with or liable to pay the fame, or left in

Writing at his, her, dr their respective House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode) shall refuse or neglect to

pay the said Rate or Assessrnent, Rates or Assessments, then and in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful

to and for such Collector or Collectors, every or any or either of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under

the Hands and Seals of any three cr more of the said Commissioners, (which Warrant or Warrants the said

Collector and Collectors is and'are hereby required to apply for, and the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, are hereby authorized and required to grant,) and with the Assistance of a Constable, or other

Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty where the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting

shall reside, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and there tofeize

and distrainhis, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and if the fame shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Af-

feflment paid, within five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof,

then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the

said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus

(if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the said Costs and Charges to be

settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any three cr more of them.

VIII. c And whereas many Houses in several of the Wards of the said City are by the several Landlords or

4 Owners thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, by which Means the Payment of

the said Rates for such Houses, 7'enements, and Buildings may be evaded For Remedy whereof, be it

further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Aider-

man of each respective Ward within the said City, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Coun-

cilman of the said Ward, at the Times the said Commissioners shall direCl, to rate and afiefs in every such Rate

or Assessrnent either the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Tenements respectively as for the preced-

ing Year were actually let oraflefled towards the Land Tax, at a lefsRent than six Pounds per Annum, or oc-

cupied by two or more Tenants, or any such Occupier or Occupiers, where any such House or Tenement is

occupied by more than one, which Rates or Assessments shall be paid by the rel'peblive Occupiers of such

Houses or Tenements, or of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or some cr one of them; and the Occupier

or Occupiers of w'hom the fame shall be demanded is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum

and Sums of Money as shall be so rated or assessed, so as such Rates or Assessments do not exceed the Relit

due and payable by him, her, or them, and to deduct the fame out of his, her, or their Relit or respective

Rents; and the Landlord and Landlords, or Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements, is and are

hereby required, from Time to Time, to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Re-

fidue of his, her, or their Relit or Rents, and every such Occupier paying such Assessrnent or Assessments

shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her respective Rents as the said Assessment or Assess-

ments so paid by him, her, or them respectively shall amount unto, in like Manner as if the fame had been ac-

tually paid to the Person or Persons to whom such Relit or Rents shall be due and payaole; and in Defaultof

Payment of the said Rate or Rates, Assessrnent or Assessments, by the Space of seven Days next after the fame

shall be due, and be demanded in Manner as aforesaid,the fame shall and may be recovered of and from the

Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them, of such Houses or 7'enements respectively, or any Part or Parts

thereof, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their respective Goods and Chattels, to be made in such Manner

as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the Monies to arise by such Distress and Sale

shall not be sufficient fully to pay and satisfy such Rate or Rates, Assessrnent or Assessments, together with the

Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, or Diftrefles and Sales, then and so often, and

in every such Cafe, so much of the said Rate or Rates, Assessrnent or Assessments, Costs and Charges, as shall

remain unfatished, shall and may be l'ued for and recovered of and from the Landlord or Landlords, or

Owner or Owners thereof respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wesimivfler, or within the said City of London, to be commenced and

prosecuted by (he said Commissioners, in the Name of their principal Clerk for the 7'ime being; in

which Ablion or Suit no Protection, Privilege, Essoin, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, 7'hat no Butcher or Butchers, or other Person cr Persons dealing in Meat,

occupying any House or Houses, or Shop or Shops, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, (the pub-

lick Markets, and the South Side of Aldgate High Street, only excepted,) shall hang out any Meat or Oftal,

or permit or fufier any Meat or Offal to be hung out beyond the Story Posts of such his, her, or their House

or Shop, or respective Houses or Shops, or shall throw or convey, or cause, or permit or suffer any Blood to

be thrown or conveyed, or to run from his, her, or their Slaughter House, Shop, or Premises, into any of the

said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said City, or the Liber-

ties thereof, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XI. And be it heieby further enabled, 7'hat the Driver of every Waggon, Cart, Dray, Caravan, Sledge,

or7'ruck, (except in Cafes of Horses going abreast, and of Carts drawn by one Horse only, guided with

Leather Reins of sufficient Length by the Driver fitting in or upon such Cart, which shall be drawn within

the said City, or the Liberties thereof,) shall hold in his or her Hand a Rope, Strap, or Thong of Leather, of

33 Geo. III. 3O sufficient

Impnwcnng the

Coileftorfi to

d ftrtiin in case

o Noi>*D3ytt>en?

of Rates,

For afieflir.g

Houses let out

in Lodgings.

The Landlords

to be answera^e

for the Defici -

tncy of ihc Dif-

tress.

Butchers n» to

t ang Meat be-

yond the St^iy

Ports of their

Shnps, dec.

Drvers of Carts,

Arc. »o lei.'- ihe

Shaft Horse.

