A.D. 1793. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 59. 399

Thing rri the said recited Acts Contained, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Du-

ties hereby continued {hall, severally and respectively, be paid and payable by such Pci Ions, at such Times,

and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties were severally and respec-

Jively payable by Law under or by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Parts of the said reccited Ad, for

railing a Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, requiring the Commissioners of the Trea-

fury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to issue their or his Orders to the respective Commis-

{ioners of Excile, for the Determination of the said Duties hereby continued as aforesaid, and all Direc-

tiens for the Publication thereof, as far as the fame relate to the said Duties, {hall be and they are hereby

repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies from Time to Time arising

by the several Rates and Duties by this Act continued, the necefl'ary Charges of railing and accounting for

the fame excepted, when and as the fame respectively {hall take EffeCl by virtue of this ACt, shall, from 'Lime

to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from each

other, and from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues; and that there {hall be provided and kept, in

the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arifulg from the

said" Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, {hall be entered separate and apart from all other

Monies paid or payable to his iMajesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said

Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, {hall be carried to and made Part of the

Fund called The Consoliclated Fund.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Excise, which were, _____

by an ACt made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several by27 Geo^m.

Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof imposed for a limited Time for or in Cap. 13. on

respect of fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England for ex-

tracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the

{hme; and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry, or other Wa{h or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from

any Sort or Kind of BritiJ)> Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith,

for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect: of fermented Wort or Wath, brewed or

made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Con-

lumption; and for or in respect of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign

Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith,

for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were, by several ACts made in the twenty-eighth,

twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon

the fifthDay of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, {hall be, and the fame are hereby severally

and respectively further continued from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

three, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and the said last-

mentioned Duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable, by the several and respective Makers

and Distillers of such Wort, Walh, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such

Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as the said Duties, by the said ACt imposed and hereby con-

tinued, were severally and respectively payable by Law, under or by virtue of any ACt or ACts of Parliament

in force immediately before the passing of this ACt.

V. And whereas certain Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures

4 were, by an ACt made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled,

and established for the Manufacture of Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, establfthed at Maid-

4 stone, in the County of Kent, by George Bishop of that Place, and certain Duties were, by the said ACt, and

4 by another ACt made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George

4 Bishop, for and in respect of Walh produced by him from Malt or other Corn: And whereas the said

4 George Bishop is lately dead, and Sir William Bishop Knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bijloop are become

4 possessed of the Distillery and Premises in which the said George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufac-

4 ture of such Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone aforesaid, and the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and

4 Argles Bishop are desirous to carry on the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits commonly called Maiiljhne

4 Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Mahstone aforesaid, under and subject to the likd Duties,

4 Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as the said Georg* Bifloop de-

P.irt of 31 Geo,

HI. Cap. 49.

rrfpf&ing rhe

Determination

of rhe Duties,

repealed.

Monies to bfr

paid into the

Exchequer, and

carried to the

Cunfolidated

Fund.

Duties imposed

Wash brewed in

England for ex-

tracting Spirits

for Home Con-

fumption, con-

tinued to July 5,

,79S*

and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Survivors

and Survivor of them, possessed of the said Distillery and Premises, to carry on the Manufacture of, and to

make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Distillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid,

until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the

like Duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop deceased, by the said ACts of the twenty-eighth and

thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said Majesty.

V I. And be it further enaCted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties {hall be raised, levied, and

collected under such Management, and {hall be paid by the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and

Argles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, under and subject to all and Angular the Powers,

Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained, pro-

33 Geo. III. 3F vided,

tinuc to make

Maidstone Ge-

neva till July 5»

1795, subject to

the Duties im-

pol' on the late

George Bishop.

K uJes established

for George Bi-

fiiop, to extend

to Sir William

BHhop and Com-

paq-

