44-6

A^r.ca in greater

Numbers th »n

herein specified.

V. fTcls to be

deemed of the

Tonnage fit

forth in their

Certificates of

Registry.

M afters of Vef-

feIs 11 forfeit

30 I. for every

Slave tx' eeding

the limited

Number,

If more than

two-fifths of the

Slaves be Chil-

drer, five of the

Surplus to be

deemed equal to

four Slaves,&c.

C. 73. ving Annoying tricesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1793,

Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vefiel, in any greater Number than in the Pro-

portion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vefiel, so far as the said Ship

or Vefiel shall not exceed two hundred and one 1‘ons, and moreover of one such Slave for every additional

Ton of such Ship or Vefiel over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; or Male Slaves

who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such

Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or V eflfel, so far as the said Ship or Vefiel shall not

exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of three such Male Slaves, who shall exceed the said

Height of four Feet four Inches, for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vefiel, over and above

the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons ; and every such Ship or Vefiel shall be deemed and taken to

be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and let forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of

each and every such Ship or Vefiel, granted in pursuance of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for tbs further bicrease and Encouragement of Shipping and

Navigation \ and if any such Master, or other Person taking cr having the Charge or Command of any such

Ship or Vefiel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave, exceeding in Number

the Proportions herein-before limited ; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same: Provided al-

ways, That if there shall be in any such Ship or Vefiel any more than two fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall

be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children over and

above the aforesaid Proportion of two-fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves;

within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to the Cafe of a Ship taking on Board any Number of Slaves that shall be

found shipwrecked, or from on Board any other Ship or Vefiel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection

among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vefiel, the Master

or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which

{hall lie upon the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vefiel so taking on Board such

Slaves.

‘c Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the JVrft Indies, to declare upon Oath, before the Qffi*

ci cer of the Customs, the Burthen of the Vefiel, C3V. ; and if they land Slaves contrary hereto, to forfeit 500/.

“ Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on Board such.Vessels, &c. on Penalty of 500/,

u Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer to receive the Oath of the Master, No

“ Vefiel to carry any Slaves, unless entered for that Purpose at clearing out, and unless the Surgeon give

4t Bond to keep a Journal of the Slaves during the Voyage ; which Journal is to be delivered to the Officer

u of the Customs, at the first British Port of Ariival, &c. Officer to deliver to the Master a Copy of his

u Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of his Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the

“ Customs. Masters or Surgeons ailing contrary hereto to forfeit 100/. If Penalty on Matters be not

“ -paid within fourteen Days, their Vessels may be seized and fold. On Arrival of Vessels in America or the.

u West Indies, the Owners to give Bond for Payment of Penalties, &V. Penalties maybe sued for in any

tc Court of Vice Admiralty in America, or the TVrJl Indies, vvhete the Offence shall have been committed, or

cc the Cargo shall have been disposed of, or in any Court of Record at Weshmnfter, or the Court of Ex-

cc chequer at Edinburgh. The upper and lower Cabbin, and the bpace between Decks, to be allotted to the

tc Slaves. If any Person take the Command of a Vefiel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he and also

“ the Owner shall forfeit 500/. No Insurance to be made against any Loss, except the Perils of the Sea,

u &c. No Vefiel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has parted his Examination, &c. If the

46 Officer at the Port of Discharge shall be satisfied that there have not died on the Voyage more than two

44 Slaves in the Hundred, he is to give Certificates to the Mafier and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to.

44 the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master 100/. and the Surgeon 50/. LikeCer-

“ tificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more than three in the Hundred, which is to entitle

41 the Master to 50 /. and the Surgeon to 25 /. Before any Vefiel is cleared Outwards, the Master, Officers*

44 and Mariners, to execute Articles of Agreement in the Forms hereunto annexed ; and no other Form to

44 be used on Penalty of 50/. Muster Roll to be regularly kepton Penalty of 100/. and six Months

44 Imprisonment. No Officer or Seaman to be turned over or discharged, unless into his Majesty’s Ships of

44 War, or to afiift a Ship in actual Distress, or upon Preferment, or under ill State of Health. No Slops,

44 Este. to be supplied beyond one-fourth of the Monthly Wages. Regulations with regard to Officers or

44 Seamen behaving in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner. Master to cause a printed Abstract oftjiis

44 Act,Ef>V. to be hung up in the most publick Place in his Vefiel, on Penalty of 20 /. If mutinous Officers,’

44 &c» betaken into Custody in Africa or the West Indies, a Statement, upon Oath, to be lodged with the

44 Governor, and if the Witnesses do not appear at the Trial, they shall incur a Penalty, at the Difcre-

44 tien of the Court. Officers, EsV. to continue in Pay till the Vefiel is cleared Inwards. Wagers of Run

44 Men to go to Greenwich Hospital, &c. Where Offences may be tried, and Penalties sued for. Limita-

44 tien of Actions. Delivery of Writs on board Vessels, to be deemed legal Service. Persons taking faHe

44 Oaths, to incur the Pains of Perjury. This Act to continue in force to August i, 1794.”

1

CAP.

Gooooie

__________i

