A.D. 1790,

Anno tricesimo Georgii III.

C. 38.

39

Manner of

granting such

Licences.

quors or Strong Waters, take out such Licence herein-after mentioned, as the Cafe may require, authorizing

such Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine, or Britisf)-made Wines or Sweets, or distillecf Spirituous

Liquors or Strong Waters, as the Cafe may require; which Licences respectively fha 1 be granted in Man-

ner herein-after mentioned; that is to say, If any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the

Chief Office of Excise in London, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the

Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of

Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose;

but if any such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of the Kingdom of England not within the said Limits,

the fame shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the fevera! Collectors and Supervisors of

Excise within their respective Collections and Districts* and in case any such Licence shall be taken out with-

in the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more

of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland out of the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the fame shall

be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland

within their respective Collections and DiltriCts: And the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scot-

land respectively, or any two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to be appointed by the said Com-

missioners of Excise in kngland, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are

hereby respectively authorized and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the fame, P^ns applying

on the Person or Persons applying for the fame, first paying for such Licences the several Sums of Adoney fol- car

lowing; that is to say, _ . . / vfz.*’ ° 0*'’

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that For every Li-

Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu- cenceto retail

ous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailingof Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, the Sum Fore?en Wine in

of live Pounds four Sellings:

Spirit? or Beer Licence, 5I. 4s.;

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in and 41- 45* if the

that Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, and other hjSa Bccf

exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong on^f^Spints0-5

Waters, the Sum of four Pounds four Shillings: # P

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that If he ha? also a

Part of Great Britain called England, and who shall also have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu- Spiiitc Licence,

ous Liquors or Strong Waters, the Sum of two Pounds four Shillings: ... 2l< 4S’

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail British~xr\?Ac Wines For ev2ry Li-

or Sweets, either in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, cRenfcV'3 ret*‘l1

the Sum of two Pounds four Shillings; wL^cLt

^ B itain, 2I. 4s.

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wme in that For every Li-

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and whoihall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu- *enc?to r<MaiI

ous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, the Sum in0gc^t"a^,n“

of three Pounds six Shillings and Eight-pence: _ [ht rlrhi<Lt

a Spirits or Beer Licence, 3I. 6s 8d. -

Forevery Licence which shall be granted toauthorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that iFne has Beer

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall take out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, or other ex-

cifeable Liquors, but {hall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong 2^, °/ 4dpu.lts*

Waters, the Sum of two Pounds thirteen Shilling* and Four-pence: *

For every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail Foreign Wine in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall also have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spiritu-

ous Liquors or Strong Waters, the Sum of one Pound six Shillings and Eight-pence:

And for every Licence which shall be granted to authorize any Person or Persons to retail distilled Spi-

rituous Liquors or Strong Waters in any Part of Great Britain, the Sum of four Pounds and fourteen Shil-

lings —If the Dwelling-house in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous liquors

or Strong Waters, at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Couits,

Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act made in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Alajelty,/ir imposing Duties on inhabited Houses> at a Relit of fifteen Pounds

per Annufn or upwards:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied,

be rated as aforesaid at fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under twenty Pounds, then such Per-

son or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of five Pounds and two

Shif such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, If at 20I. and

be rated as aforesaid at twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under twenty-five Pounds, then such 2.51 —

Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of five Pounds and ten 51, ,os*

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens therewith occupied, If at 25I, and

be rated as aforesaid at twenty-five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under thirty Pounds, then such Per- unHpr 3°h-—

foil or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of five Pounds and eighteen 51, j£s*

Shillings:

if he has r.Jfu a

H'i'itJ Licence,

11. 6s. 3d.

For every L:-

cence c*i retail

P> its in Great

Britain 4I. 14s,

if the Pi ty’s

House he rated

under r >].

L rated at 151,

and u? der 2&I;

—5I. 2S.

