The TITLES of

An A£i for more effectually repairing the Roads from!

Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Claydon to the?

Bury Saint Edmund's Road, at the End of the Bounds of

the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and

from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk* J

129. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending certain

Acts, of the fourteenth and thirtieth Years of King George

the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from

the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

130. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of

Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said

Town of Ca?nbridge to Royfion, in the Counties of Cam-

bridge and EJfix.

131. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping

in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Weft-

wardly Part of Hardiwick Heath, and for setting out and

making a new Road from thence to Stoke near Stone; and

for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandon,

in the County of Stafford.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the

Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, in-

tituled, An Act for more effectually repairingfever al Roads

leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the

Road through the Parish of Bromernerrow, in the County of

Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from

Gloucester to Worcester.

133. An Act for opening and making a new Road from the

Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyfon, in the Parish of

Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Yflradyvoduck,

near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan.

134. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster.

135. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in

the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty King George

the Third, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Pofi, at the

West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Com-

mon, to the Town of Stains, in the County of Middlesex.

136. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers of an At, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham

Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little

Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

137. An Act for continuing the T erm of an At, of the ele-

venth Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widen-

ing, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom ^Gal-

ley Mill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clan-

field, in the County of Oxford.

T38. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an At made in the tenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High-

ways from Speenhamland, /// the County of Berks, to Marl-

borough, in the County of Wilts, and everal other Roads

therein mentioned.

139. An Act for repairing and amending the Roads leading

from the Town of Manchester, in the County of LancaJ-

ter, through the Town of Afiton under Line, and Parish

cf Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's

Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

140. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or

nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in

the Weft Riding of the County of York, to Brookboufis,

in the Parish of Ghffop, in the County of Derby, and for

5

the STATUTES.

repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly

from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to,* or

near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester.

141. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Ats

of Parliament, the one passed in the fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening

the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to Haftop, and

from Midlde Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near

Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-

mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Ut-

toxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Staf-

ford; and the other passed in the thirteenth Year of the

Reign of his said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and

Powers of the said At, and for amending several other

Roads therein described.

142. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an At of Parliament of the seven-

teenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and wi-

dening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York, to the Town cf Sheffield,

in the fame Riding, so far as relates to the first Distrit of

the Roads mentioned in the said At.

143. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Boioden,

in the County of ATorihampton, commonly called Samt

Mary's Bridge, to the Weft Side of the Toll Bar at the

North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said

County.

144. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Re-

pair, several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath.

143. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the

Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harivich and

Rcchford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and

from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchefier to

Dedham Bridge, and from Lexden to the East End of the

Town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Buhner

Tic, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little

Waltham to the End of the Parish of Great Hallingbury,

and from Malden to Braintree, in the County of Essex.

146. An Act for repairing the High Road leading from

Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of

Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an At,

Sffed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present

ajesty, intituled, An Atl to continue the Term and vary

the Powers of so much of an Afi, made in the twenty fif I

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Rtyd

from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads

therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the

Wolverhampton Distritt of Roads.

148. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road

from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham,

near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whick jam, in the County

of Diu'ham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in

the same County, and a Branch from the said Road, near

Bryan s Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge

Turnpike Road near Blackhcdley, in the County of Nor-

thumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at

Wolfingbam, in the County of Durham, to Crofgate, near

the City of Durham

149. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Hadley. Turnpike Gate to Stafford Bridge, and from a

Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South Ben-

feet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to

Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill,

and from Stanford Bridge to Purfieet in the County of

Essex*

150, An

