Public Acts passed in 1893-4, 56 & 57 Victoria c.1 - c.73.
From Public General Statutes, 1893-4.
---

1. An act to make further Provision for the Expenses of the Coinage Act, 1891. (Coinage.)

2. An act to exempt from Income Tax the Invested Funds of Trade Unions applied in payment of Provident Benefits. (Trade Union (Provident Funds).)

3. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

4. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

5. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Collection and Disposal of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, Desertion, Insanity, and other cases. (Regimental Debts.)

6. An act to remove Disabilities of Policemen with regard to their Vote in Municipal, School Board, and other Elections. (Police Disabilities Removal.)

7. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Inland Revenue. (Customs and Inland Revenue.)

8. An act to amend the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891. (Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, Amendment.)

9. An act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. (Municipal Corporations.)

10. An act to amend the Police Acts. (Police.)

11. An act to amend the Public Libraries Act, 1892. (Public Libraries (Amendment).)

12. An act to make provision for the establishment of Day Industrial Schools in Scotland and to amend the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883. (Day Industrial Schools (Scotland).)

13. An act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals. (Cholera Hospitals (Ireland).)

14. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law Revision.)

15. An act to amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Scotland. (Reformatory Schools (Scotland).)

16. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

17. An act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea. (Forth Sea Fisheries)

18. An act to reduce the Limit of the Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund. (Treasury Chest Fund.)

19. An act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures. (Weights and Measures.)

20. An act to extend the Provisions of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, relating to the Powers of Sale and Enfranchisement, and for other purposes. (Duchy of Cornwall Management)

21. An act to amend the Law relating to the Avoidance of Voluntary Conveyances. (Voluntary Conveyances.)

22. An act to amend the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, so far as regards Appeals in Forma Pauperis. (Appeal (Forma Pauperis).)

23. An act to provide for prohibiting the catching of Seals at certain periods in Behring’s Sea and other parts of the Pacific Ocean adjacent to Behring’s Sea. (Seal Fishery (North Pacific).)

24. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

25. An act to amend the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. (Burgh Police (Scotland).) 131.

26. An act to explain and amend certain Provisions of the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Superannuation of Prison Officers. (Prison (Officers’ Superannuation).)

27. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. (Land Tax Commissioners Names.)

28. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 8).)

29. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Hours of Labour of Railway Servants. (Railway Regulation.)

30. An act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875. (Friendly Societies.)

31. An act to explain the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876. (Rivers Pollution Prevention.)

32. An act to prevent the use of Barbed Wire for Fences in Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other Thoroughfares. (Barbed Wire.)

33. An act to remove certain doubts as to the application of Part III. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, to certain authorities in Ireland. (Housing of the Working Classes.)

34. An act to extend the operation of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, so far as regards Scotland. (Improvement of Land (Scotland).)

35. An act to amend the power of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland so far as respects the Purchase and Holding of Property. (Congested Districts Board (Ireland).)

36. An act to amend the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888. (Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland).)

37. An act to better define the Jurisdiction and to improve the Procedure of the Court of Passage in the City of Liverpool, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Liverpool Court of Passage.)

38. An act to make further provision for the Conveyance of Her Majesty’s Mails. (Conveyance of Mails.)

39. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Industrial and Provident Societies. (Industrial and Provident Societies.)

40. An act to make provision for certain purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans (No 2).)

41. An act to amend the Irish Education Act, 1892. (Irish Education.)

42. An act to make better Provision for the Elementary Education of Blind and Deaf Children in England and Wales. (Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children).)

43. An act to confer further powers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1892, with respect to Swine Fever. (Contagious Diseases (Animals).)

44. An act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. (Sheriff Courts Consignations (Scotland).)

45. An act to make further provision for the completion and equipment of Ships under the Naval Defence Act, 1889, and to amend that Act. (Naval Defence.)

46. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four. (Consolidated Fund (No. 11).)

47. An act to amend the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, with respect to the Removal of Refuse. (Public Health (London) Act, 1891, Amendment.)

48. An act to amend the Law relating to Reformatory Schools. (Reformatory Schools.)

49. An act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of County Surveyors in Ireland. (County Surveyors (Ireland).)

50. An act to amend the Provisions as to Payments for Light Railways in Ireland. (Light Railways (Ireland).)

51. An act to amend the Elementary Education Acts with respect to the age for attendance at School. (Elementary Education (School Attendance).)

52. An act to amend the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876. (Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland).)

53. An act to consolidate Enactments relating to Trustees. (Trustee.)

54. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law Revision (No. 2).)

55. An act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts. (Metropolis Management (Plumstead and Hackney).)

56. An act to amend the Law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs. (Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.)

57. An act to amend the Law relating to Commons. (Law of Commons Amendment.)

58. An act to amend Section ten of the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890. (Companies (Winding-up).)

59. An act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

60. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

61. An act to generalize and amend certain statutory provisions for the protection of persons acting in the execution of statutory and other public duties. (Public Authorities Protection.)

62. An act to amend the Law relating to the Madras and Bombay Armies. (Madras and Bombay Armies.)

63. An act to amend the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882. (Married Women’s Property.)

64. An act to authorise the Redemption of the New Three pounds ten shillings per centum Annuities. (National Debt Redemption.)

65. An act to amend certain provisions relating to Local Loans in Ireland. (Public Works Loans (No. 3).)

66. An act for the Publication of Statutory Rules. (Rules Publication.)

67. An act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892. (Shop Hours.)

68. An act for enabling County Councils to promote the establishment of Hospitals for the reception of patients suffering from Infectious Diseases. (Isolation Hospitals.)

69. An act to amend the Law relating to Savings Banks. (Savings Bank.)

70. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India, and for other purposes relating thereto. (East India Loan.)

71. An act for codifying the Law relating to the Sale of Goods. (Sale of Goods.)

72. An act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures. (Colonial Acts Confirmation.)

73. An act to make further provision for Local Government in England and Wales. (Local Government.)

