Public Acts passed in 1913, 3 & 4 George 5 c.1 - c.38.
From Public General Acts, 1913.
---

1. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fourteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

3. An act to give statutory effect for a limited period to resolutions varying or renewing taxation, and to make provision with respect to payments and deductions made on account of any temporary tax between the dates of the expiration and renewal of the tax. (Provisional Collection of Taxes.)

4. An act to provide for the Temporary Discharge of Prisoners whose further detention in prison is undesirable on account of the condition of their Health. (Prisoners (Temporary Discharge for Ill-health).)

5. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fourteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

6. An act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary Elections. (Extension of Polling Hours.)

7. An act to prohibit and restrict Children and Young Persons being taken out of the United Kingdom with a view to singing, playing, performing, or being exhibited for profit. (Children (Employment Abroad).)

8. An act to authorise the execution of instruments on behalf of the Commissioners of Woods. (Grown Lands.)

9. An act to provide for the Branding of Barrels filled with Cured Herrings in England and Wales. (Herring Fishery (Branding).)

10. An act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the Payment of Interest on a Loan to be raised by the Government of the Soudan. (Government of the Soudan Loan.)

11. An act to enable Newspapers published in British Possessions or Protectorates to be registered and be treated as Registered Newspapers under the Post Office Act, 1908. (Post Office.)

12. An act to enable the provision of Medical Treatment for Children attending Schools in Scotland. (Education (Scotland).)

13. An act to divide the District of the School Board of Glasgow for Electoral Purposes. (Education (Scotland) (Glasgow Electoral Divisions).)

14. An act to amend section nine of the Finance Act, 1908. (Public Buildings Expenses.)

15. An act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

16. An act to amend the Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890. (Foreign Jurisdiction.)

17. An act to prevent the Misdescription of Fabrics. (Fabrics (Misdescription).)

18. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

19. An act to extend and amend the law relating to the Adjustment of Financial Relations between Local Government Areas on the Alteration of the Boundaries thereof or other change in relation to which the adjustment takes place. (Local Government (Adjustments).)

20. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Scotland. (Bankruptcy (Scotland).)

21. An act to make further provision with respect to the number and duties of Lords of Appeal in Ordinary, and with, respect to the constitution of the Court of Appeal and the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. (Appellate Jurisdiction.)

22. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

23. An act to amend the Law relating to Public Health as respects the Prevention and Treatment of Disease. (Public Health (Prevention and Treatment of Disease).)

24. An act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1911. (Telegraph (Money).)

25. An act to amend the provisions of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, with respect to private Companies. (Companies.)

26. An act to provide a Special Grant for the purpose of improving Medical Service in the Highland and Islands of Scotland, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Highlands and Islands (Medical Service) Grant.)

27. An act to consolidate, simplify, and amend the Law relating to Forgery and kindred Offences. (Forgery.)

28. An act to make further and better provision for the care of Feeble-minded and other Mentally Defective Persons and to amend the Lunacy Acts. (Mental Deficiency.)

29. An act to amend the Law relating to Intermediate Education in Ireland. (Intermediate Education (Ireland).)

30. An act to continue the Duty of Customs on Tea, and to re-impose Income Tax (including super-tax), and to apply with respect to Income Tax (including super-tax) and the annual value of property the like provisions as were applied in the last preceding year. (Finance.)

31. An act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. (Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment).)

32. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Ancient Monuments and for other purposes in connection therewith. (Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment.)

33. An act to promote Temperance in Scotland by conferring on the electors in prescribed areas control over the grant and renewal of certificates; by securing a later hour of opening for licensed premises; by amending the law relating to clubs; and by other provisions incidental thereto. (Temperance (Scotland).)

34. An act to amend the Law with respect to Bankruptcy and Deeds of Arrangement. (Bankruptcy and Deeds of Arrangement.)

35. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twelve and one thousand nine hundred and fourteen and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

36. An act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Sheffield, Chelmsford, and of another diocese to be formed of such parts of the Dioceses of Ely and Norwich as are situate within the County of Suffolk and for other matters incidental thereto. (Bishoprics of Sheffield, Chelmsford, and for the County of Suffolk.)

37. An act to amend Parts I. and III. of the National Insurance Act, 1911. (National Insurance.)

38. An act to make better and further provision for the care of Mentally Defective Persons and to amend the Law relating to Lunacy in Scotland, (Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland).)

