THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANT;

OR, A

SUMMARY OF THOSE LAWS,

WHICH IMMEDIATELY RESPECT

THE CONDUCT

OF

A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE:

TO THE

END OF THE FIFTH SESSION

OF THE

SIXTEENTH PARLIAMENT OF GREAT BRITAIN, VIZ. TO JULY 12, 1788.

TO WHICH ARE ADDED,

FORMS OF WARRANTS, SUMMONSES, AND RECOGNIZANCES;

FORMS OF CONVICTION AND OATHS OF OFFICE,

AND

A COMPLEAT INDEX OR TABLE OF CONTENTS.

THE SECOND EDITION.

BY A COUNTRY-MAGISTRATE.

Legum Ministri, Magistratus; Legum Interpretes, Judices. Cic.

Vir bonus est quis?

Qui consulta patrum, qui leges juraque servat. Hor.

Glocester:

PRINTED BY R. RAIKES;

AND SOLD BY G. G. J. AND J. ROBINSON, PATER-NOSTER-ROW, AND H. GARDNER, STRAND, LONDON.

M.DCC.LXXXVIII.

TO

HIS GRACE

THE DUKE OF MONTAGU,

PRESIDENT;

AND

TO THE RIGHT HON. THE RIGHT REV. AND OTHERS,

the members of a society

VOLUNTARILY ESTABLISHED,

FOR THE PURPOSE OF CARRYING INTO EFFECT HIS MAJESTY'S LATE PROCLAMATION AGAINST VICE AND IMMORALITY;

THE FOLLOWING

WORK,

CONSIDERABLY ENLARGED,

AND BROUGHT DOWN TO THE END OF THE LAST SESSION,

IS INSCRIBED,

WITH GREAT RESPECT,

BY THEIR MOST OBEDIENT, AND FAITHFUL SERVANT, AND FELLOW LABOURER,

THE EDITOR.

August, 1783.

---

A LARGE imprdfion of this work having been already dispersed, under the recommendation of a very respectable Name*, the p.efent edition needed not to have fought for other patronage or protection: But the object of the following compilation being to facilitate a due administration of the laws, it fecms to solicit, with peculiar propriety, tire favour of that honourable Society, to which it is inscribed; the Members of which are seen Handing forth in a cause, which demands the utmost vigilance which they can employ; the utmost activity which they an exert; and the bell information which they can obtain.

Their endeavours, it is hoped, will be crowned with such success, as will prove highly satisfactory to the Royal Personage, whose good intentions they are labouring to accomplish; and eminently conducive to the general welfare.

The leading chandler of the Society is — to assist the Magistrate in his duty; and the following pages,

Bamber Gascoyne, Esq; one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the county of Essex, Recemr-General of the Cuttoros, See.

it

[ vi ]

it is apprehended, will point out, in the readiest manner, HOW that assistance may be moll effefrtu-ally applied.

As the Editor has never heard that any of his Brother-Magistrates, who have milled to its direction, have been milled in any material inllance by mif-quotations, or omissions, in the former edition of this work, he hopes they will have still-Iefs to fear from the present publication; which is more full and correct than the former, and includes the statutes of the latest date, even to the present day.

The retirement of the late Chief Justice of the King's-Bench from the office which he filled with such distinguished honour to himself, and with such benefit to his country, docs not render the Magistrate's situation at all more precarious than heretofore. The candour, liberality, and benevolence of his successor, will afford to every well-deligning Justice of the Peace all the protection he can reasonably delire — while in every case, in which the mala mens is discovered, it will be reprobated with all authority, and meet with the treatment which it deserves.

It is with great Satisfaction, that the Editor looks forward to an event, which (in consequence of a resolution lately adopted by the Society) is about to

add

[ vn ]

add many truly honourable names to the number of ailing Magistrates within these great cities of London and West minder, and their environs; where theservices of the most pure, disinterested, and active Magistrates in the kingdom are wanted, almost every hour: If such of the Members of this respec-table Society, in particular, as now resolve to take upon them this office, shall derive the smallest assistance from the following work, the Editor will have reason to rejoice, that he has found time; amongst other important engagements, to accomplish it at any rate. And he will esteem .himself very highly indebted to any of those numerous Magistrates, who are better informed, and have had more experience than himself, if they will candidly point out any material errors, the correction whereof may render this book more perfect, and of more general utility to his brethren in the commission of the peace.

TO THE

READER.

THE high Estimation in which Dr. Burns Work, entitled, The Justice of the Peace and Parish Officer, has long been deservedly holder encourages the Editor of the following fleets to hope, that another fracture raised, with a similar design, on so solid a foundation, though to a much left elevated height, will not he deemed unworthy of the public notice. It claims very little merit, but what is derived from a new arrangement of that useful information, for which this country is so much indebted to the labours of the eminent Compiler already mentioned.

Its merit, if it has any, chiefly consists in pointing out more immediately to the eye of the Magistrate, who may be supposed to have many other engagements on his hands, that line of conduit, which, in almost every emergency, it is his duty to pursue. The authorities, as well from the common, as the statute law, are indeed

[ X ]

less numirms than in many other booh of this kind; yet it is hoped, that they are f ifificiently copious for direction bow to proceed in every ordinary case, which may occur: The statutes, as to every thing material, are faithfully recited: and though feme technical expressms, not oj the efface of the law, may, fir brevity's fake, be omitted, the Editor falters himself, that what remains will be abundantly fuss,dent to guard the person who tonfults them from any error in his decision. Adjudged cases, for the confirmation of his judgment, may be found at large in many very judicious coiled ions of this fort The work of Lord Dudley and Ward, and T. Cunningham, Esq-, entitled, The Law of a Justice of Peace and Parish Officer, (tfc. is a mofi valuable collodion of information on this subject. And the Magis-irate will find it prudent to have finch useful books of reference as that compilation, and also Dr. Burn's Justice of the Peace, always at his band. But with all tlcfe at Ids comm and, be r.evertbelefs fiands in need of Jbne more obvious direction, -when he is wishing to dif-patch the bufness which prefenls ifelf, with expedition, fafeiy, and satisfaction to himjelf and others.

It is well known, that several compilations of a fmi-lar nature with this have ken heretofore offered to the public, under a great variety of titles and descriptions: a id there is no doubt, that the Magiflr'ate has derived

[ xi ]

no inconsiderable advantage, from the lights communicated to him by such publications: and — valeant quantum valere poffint — is our fmcere desire: we by no means wish to raise the reputation of the following work, by depreciating the merits of any other. The reader is left at fail liberty (and this liberty he certainly would take, whether we indulged him with it or not) to call to his affiance those productions, which he thinks mjl likely to direit, secure, and satisfy him in the discharge of his duty.

In the mean time, when a matter of doubt and difficulty is before him (and such he must expel! will feme-times occur) he will be happy to avail himself of that liberal sentiment of One of the most illustrious ornaments of this or any other nation: " Where the Magistrate appears to have been misguided by an erroneous judgment, without any purpose of doing ill', GOD forbid., (fays this venerable Personage*) that the courts of law should not give him credit fat the purity of his intention; and put the mofe favourable conjlruHtoh on his conduit, that the case can pofftbly admit of."

This is, in substance, the declaration, which, coming from such respeliable authority, has doubtless encouraged many to engage in the useful employment of a Justice of the Peace, who would otherwise have been very cautious

' The late Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench,

b 2 of

[ ™ 3

of expofng themselves to the difagfeeabU canfequences of a faux pas in interpreting the laws. IThe htdulgenee here given, emboldens those, who are disposed to all, under the directions of an honest intention, and a plain underfunding, freely, to exercise their left judgment j no longer apprehenfvc, that the want if form, or the emission of some legal punHilio, may bring them within the reach of the censures of a superior court.

It is not however inf mated, that indifference or wilful negligence is at any rate excuseabk in interpreting cr enforcing a plain and pofttive fatute: on the contrary, frequent occafms will offer themselves, wherein it is impffble to he too minutely precise; because in such cases, every advantage will ajfurcdly be taken of any want cf accuracy, cr of the fnallef inattention to the letter of the law. As a proof of this, and to convince the jllagifrate of the necessity of extreme carefulness in his duty, it may not be amiss to observe, that Dr. Bufr\ enumerates not less than twenty inflames, in which an Order of Removal has been, or is liable to be, quajhei, on account of some apparently infgnificant error in the mere matter of form. AH, therefore, which is intended by the encouragement hohlen forth, as above, is to remove from the mind of a well-meaning, but timorous AIagijlrate, the apprehenfm of something more, perhapsj

[ »u 3

baps, than.jtafime, for. an . involuntary error., in his conduitbut no licence is hereby given him to trifle with the obvious directions of a statute, or to adopt a latitude of interpretation, which is neither fqfie nor warrantable.

It was certainly an 'injidnce' of equal candour and wisdom to encourage, as much as possible, those persons to Jlep forward, who, though their rani'and situation in life as well as their liberal education marked them as mofl proper for this office, had yet been found too generally averse from engaging in it. We will not allow ourselves to impute this backward jiefs to a mere love of dissipation, or a mere difike to business. We are willing to think, that there are very few individuals of the above description, in point of rank, fortuneand education, who would not feel great satisfaction in finding themselves so materially serviceable to their country, in the discharge of an office so important to the suppression of vice, and to the advancement and security of the public welfare: we have seen them cheerfully foregoing the comfor(s of domestic life^ and readily withdrawing their attention from their private concerns, in order to devote their time, and feme, even their health and fortune, to the necessary duties of a military life: Whence is it then that so few have been found equally ready to dedicate feme portion of their Icifure-haurs to

the

[ xiv ]

the prefieruation of public peace, and to the maintenance of good order and decency among their neighbours ?' It could only have arifien from the apprehension of feme more than ordinary objlacles and impediments: They miift surely have been deterred by the consideration, that, in order to attain to a competent knowledge of the duties of a magistrate, a tedious, thorny path was to be purfiued-, where no small Share of difficulties would meet them by the way, and after all their labour, no inconsiderable danger of mificarrying would be incurred, even under the left information, which, till of late years, they were able to procure.

It has been our happier lot, to find these objections in a great measure removed: We have seen, what light has been thrown on the Jludy of the municipal and statute laws, by the ingenious, elegant, and learned commentaries of that accomplished writer. Sir William Blackstone : And we have good reason to hope, that the chair of magistracy will in future more easily be filled by perfims of confiequence and refipcilalility, well qualified for this useful department in ficiety; when we refieli, that the Jludy of the common law makes at this time a very confide-ralle part of academical education.

But if no finch advantages as thefie fiubfified, the excellent work of Dr. Burn would alone be fiufificient

to

t xv 3

Jo remove the principal discouragements, which formerly deterred such, as were not inured to the habits of close enquiry, and toilsome researches. Since that wort has been so universally received\ and so jujlly admired and approved., the Justice of the Peace has seldom been at a loss for necessary information in almost every pojftble case: And perhaps the only apology which can be offered for hazarding the following attempt, when a work, so deservedly e/leemed, is in almost every handy is this: That the four volumes of Dr. Burn, (though no Magistrate ought to be without them, as books of reference) comprize much more, than it is necessary for a Justice of the Peace to invejligate, in the ordinary duties of his office: From these, undoubtedly, much satisfactory information may be derived on subjects of no inconsiderable importance, though not immediately connected with the duties of a magistrate.

If the following work shall be found in any degree to facilitate the administration of justice, by more ob-viously exhibiting all that is written in the law on every common subject, the Editor flatters himfef he shall have rendered no inconsiderable service to his brethren in the commijfmr, and will think his labours amply recompensed by their favourable acceptance of his befl endeavours.

AcceJTary

Abstract: of various L A WS for the better Ordering of Society.

N

O Person whatever, above 14 Years of Age, shall work, or exercise hij ordinary'} Calling on a Sunday $

No Drover, Horse Courier, Waggoner, Butcher, Higgler, or their Servants, shall tra-2 vel on a Sunday;

No Boats or Barges to be used on a Sunday, unless allowed by a Just ice No Fruit, Herbs, or Goods of any Kind, shall be cried or expoied to Sale on a Sunday

No Shoemaker shall expofs to Sale upon a'Sunday any Boots, Shoes, or Slippers

Profanation of the Lord's Day.

29 Car. II. c. y

ditto

ditto

ditto

t Jac. c. 22

No Person shall kill Game on a Sunday

No Person, without reasonable Excnle; shall be absent from some Place of Divine 7 Worship one Sunday j

Exceptions. Fib Carriages are allowed to travel on Sundays. — Works of Necessity and I Charity may be done on Sundays J

Meat may be dressed in Families, Inns, Cook Shops, and ViSualling Houses 7 Milk may be fold before 9 in the Morning, and after in the Afternoon J

Mackarel may be fold on Sundays, before and after Divine Service Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen in London, and 40 Watermen.bn the Thames, may work on Sundays No Butcher ball kill or fell any Victuals on Sunday

Drunkenness.

Profane Curfin and Swearing.

Authorities.

13 Geo. III. c. 80 1 Gliz. c. z

29 W. III. c. 1 j & 29 C. II. c. 7

29 Car. II. c. 7 10 & ij W. Ill, c. 24 9An. c.23& 11 & 12W.III. C.21 3 C. c. 2.

Penalties.

5s. and for default Stocks 2 hours

20s. and for default ditto

js. and for default ditto Forfeiture of the Goods

[them

3s. 4d. per Pair and the Value of

10I. to 20I. for the id Offence' 2ol. to 30I. 2d ditto

50I. 3d ditto,

is.

ditto

ditto ditto.

One-third to the-King, one-3d ; to the Prosecutor, and 4.3d to the Town or Lord of the Leet

Half to the Poor I Half to the Informer S

To the Poor

6s. 8d.

No Person ball keep an Alehouse, or fell Ale by Retail, without a Licence

No Inn-keeper or Alehouse-keeper ball fuller any one to continue drinking or tipling 7 in his House - J

Except the Person is a Traveller, or is invited by a Traveller

Or a Labourer, or Handicraftsman, who Hays one Hoar to dine, or who ?

lodges in the House . S

Or upon ah urgent Occasion, to be allowed by two Justices No Person to continue drinking or tipling in a Public House (unless he is one of those above excepted)

No Person shall be drunk

fnn-keepers convicted of Drunkenness shall moreover be disabled from keeping a Public 7 House for 3 Years, and for Misconduct ball forfeit their Recognizance J

; Geo. III. c. 46

1 J. c.921 J. c.y

i J. c. 9

ditto

ditto

4J. c. 5

ditto & 21 J. c. 7 ditto & 26 Geo. II. c. 31

‘.very Day Labourer, Common Soldier or Seaman, who ball profanely Curse or Swear

. .cy other Person, under the Degree of a Gentleman, who, &c.

ivery Person, of or above the Degree of a Gentleman, who, &c, *

Lewdness.

Open and public Acts of Lewdness and Indecency are punibable Keepers of a Bawdy-house subject to the same Punibment Frequenters of such a House may be bound to good Behaviour All obscene Books, Pictures, and Prints, are Libels against. Government, and the Pub-libers may be punibed

19 Geo. II. c. 2t

ditto

ditto

Hawk. 7, and 3 Bur. 1435 . Hawk. 196, and 2 5 Geo. II. c. 2 Hawk. 61

Strange's Reports, 788

Gaming.

No Person ball set up or keep any Gaming-ho.nfe by way of Lottery, Faro, Baffctt, Hazard ; and all Games at Dice, except Backgammon, are within this Act No Person ball adventure in such Lotteries or Games

No persons ball txpose or keep a Lottery

No Person ball play at such Lottery

No Pe.-focs ball fell Lands or Goods by Lottery

No Person ball adventure in such Lottery

No Keeper of a Public House ball suffer any Journeyman, Labourer, Servant, or Apprentice, to game in his House or Ground No Journeyman, Labourer, Servant, or Apprentice, ball game in a Public House, or in Ground belonging to it

No Person ball dart or run a Horse for a left Prize or Sum than 50I.

If any Person lose at sny Game 10I. at one Sitting, or 20I. within 24 Hours, and pay it, he may recover it baik within 3 Months If the Loser does not recover the Sum loft in 3 Months, any other Person may recover, the same, wiiljt tieb'e Value and Colls.beftdes

Loser or Winner of tol. at one Sitting, or 20I. within 24 Hours, may be fined

Persons winning Money at Gaming by Fraud

If any one afibults, beats, or challenges to fight another, on account of a Gaming Debt

All Notes, Bills, Bonds, Judgements, Mortgages, and Securities for a Gaming Debt, or for Money lent to game with, are absolutely void

40s. id Often. ^In default Impri-4I. 2d ditto Monment for 1, 2, 61. 3d ditto Jand 3 Months

10s. and disabled for 3 Years

3s- 4d-

5s. or default Stocks 6 hours for ill Offence, for 2d Offence to find Sureties in Rcceg. of sol.

. 9 ad Offence double 2S. >3d Offence |reble, and for de 5s. J fault House of Corr. 10 day-

12 G. II. c. 28, 13 G. II. c. 19

ditto

to & 11 W. III. c. 17 ditto

8 Geo. II. c. 2, ditto

30 G. II. c. 24 ditto-

13 G, II, c. 19

9 An, c. 14 ditto

3 G. II. c. 34 9 An. c. 14

ditto

ditto

Persons who threaten to run awiy, and to leave their1 Families upon the Parib Persons who are poor, and refuse to work for the usuall r£ Id,£ &nd Disorderly Persons Wages f

Persons who beg in the Street, or from Door to Door in the Paribes where they dwell Any Person who apprehends and carries such a Beggar before a Justice, ball receive ;s. Such a Beggar who refills, or escapes, Persons who go about")

. gathering Alms.under Pretence of Losses j

n.i:.~c~i -PS.. — Minerals.. 1 uaclers. PUveis^or^Bcttcri I.

17

G. II. c. 5, & 7 J- c. s

17 G. II, c. 5

Application.

To the Poor, .'except that the Informer may be allowed not more than one-third

Jurisdiction or Mode of

One Justice.

ditto

ditto

ditto

Affixes, Sessions, or Leet

v

v _

id and zdOffences by 1 justice 3d ditto' by Indictment at Sessions

One Justice.

-3d to Informer, z-3ds to the Pooi One Justice

Half to rite King 7 Half to the Prosecutor S

To the Poor

ditto

ditto

One-Justice [ditto

ditto

ditto

5 1 Justice may bind to appear at I Sessions to answer the Complaint

To the Poor

(One Justice

Fine, Imprisonment, and Pillory

By ditto

£. zoo £5°

£.300 £.20

£. 500, Imprisonm. for 1 Year and till Penalty be paid

Double the Sum contributed 40s. ill Offence)

£, 10. 2d ditto J

;s. to 20).

£ 200

Five times the Sum won or loft

Fine, Imprisonment, & Pillory, and five times the Sum won

All his Goods and Chattels, & Imprisonment for 2 Years

ditto

Information or Ihdiflment ditto

One Justice

Information or Indictment

One-third to the Informer} Two-thirds to the Poor J ditto

One-third to the King, ditto to . the Poor, ditto with double I Colls to Prosecutor J

ditto

ditto

Half to the King 7 Half to the Prosecutor J Three-fourths to the Poor One-fourth to the Informer

ditto

Half to the Poor 7 Half to the Prosecutor J

House of'Correc. for any Time \ not exceeding one Month

Ma*msbli^cI^JVhip^andftnt

One Justice [dicto

Action

[ditto

|Two Justicet Action One Justice

ditto

Action

ditto

ditto

To Prosecutor, Witnesses, or7L Poor, at Discretion of Court 5 Indictment

To the Prosecutor ditto and Action for the Penalty

To the King (information or Indictment

By ditto (ditto

One Justice

No Persons shall fell Lands or Goods by Lottery

No Person shall adventure in such Lottery

Gaming.

No Keeper of a Public House shall fnffer any Journeyman, Labourer, Servant, or An.

prendce, to game In his House or Ground No Journeyman, Labourer, Servant, or Apprentice, shall game in a Public House, or in Ground belonging to it

Vagrants.

Weights and Measures.

ditto

No Person shall Hart or run a Hors: for a less Prize or Sum than 50I.

If any Person lose at any Game 10I. at one Sitting, or zol. within 24. Honrs, and pay ] it, he may recover it back within 3 Mouths j

If the Loser does not recover the Sum loft in 3 Months, any other Person may recover 7 the same, wii$ tteb'.e Value and Colls .bdides (

Loser or Winner of 10I. at one Sitting, or zol. within 24 Hours, may be fined Persons winning Money at Gaming by Fraud

If any one aflanlts, beats, or challenges to fight another, on account of a Gaming ^

All Notes, Bills, Bonds, Judgements, Mortgages, and Securities for a Gaming Debt,} or for Money lent to game with, are absolutely void J

8 Geo. II. c. z,

ditto

30 G. II. c. 24

ditto-

13 G, II. c. 19

9 An. c. 14 ditto

iS G. II. c. 34 9 An. c. 14

ditto

ditto

>are Idle and Disorderly Persons

Persons who threaten to ran away, and to leave their Families upon the Parish Persons who are poor, and refuse to work for the nfual1 Wages

Persons who beg in the Street, or from Door to Door in the Parishes where they dwell Any Person who apprehends and carries such a Beggar before a Justice, shall receive 3s. Soch a Beggar who relifts, or escapes, Persons who go about-!

- gathering Alms.under Pretence of Losses Unlicensed Players, Minstrels, Jugglers, Players or Betters at unlawful Games, Gypsies, Fortune Tellers Cheats and Imgroftors, Bgrlbns who ran. away and leave their are Rogues and Vaga-Families upon the Parish .' ' 1 — J-

Strollers who cannot give a good Account of themselves, all wandering Beggars Persons who have any Instrument with Intent to break Houses, or any Weapon with intent to rob

bonds

ditto

Rogues and Vagabonds who make their Escape, who refuse" to go before a Justice, or who refuse to be examined who, being warned of their Punishment, give a false Account of themselves,

who refuse to go to their Settlements, j or who commit a second Offence j

are Incorrigible Rogues

Reward for apprehending any Rogue, Vagabond, or Incorrigible Rogue, and delivering jj him to a Constable, or conveying him to a Justice, 10s.

17 G. II. c. 5, & 7 J. c. 1 17 G. II. c. 5

23 G. III. c. 88

17 G. II. c. s

Into

Persons who fell by false Weights and Measures in Market Towns

in any Place

All Persons uling false Weights and Measures by Common Law may be punished

Church Wardens and Overseers, if they have no good Excuse, shall meet once a Month in the Church, on Sunday, to consider of Means to provide for the Poor_

Any Room or House kept for Mafic, Dancing, or Public Entertainment, without a Licence, is disorderly, and the Keeper, or he who manages and acts as Mailer, forfeits Parishioners not disqualified from being Witnesses against Offenders, though the Penalties may be applied to the Use of the Parish

1 Hen. VII. c. 4

16 C. c. 19 4 Blackft. Com. 157

43 Eliz. c. 2 25 G. II. c. 36 29 G. III. c. 29

£.2°

£. 500, Imprisonm. for I Year 7 ^ and till Penalty be paid J

Double the Sum contributed 403. ill Offence )

£. io. 2d ditto J

53. tO 203.

£. 200

Five times the Sum won or loll Fine, Imprisonment, & Pillory, and live times the Sum won;

All his Goods and Chattels, & ' Imprisonment for 2 Years

ditto

House of Correc. for any Time 7 not exceeding one Month 5

ditto ditto

Half to the King 7

Half to the Prosecutor J

Three-fourths to the Poor, 7 One-fourth to the Informer $

ditto

Half to the Poor 7

Half to the Prosecutor J

To Prosecutor, Witnesses, or Poor, at Discretion of Court,

To the Prosecutor

To the King By ditto

Twojustice*

Action

One Justice 1

ditto

Action

ditto

ditto - ,

Indictment

ditto and Action for the Penalty

Information or Indictment ditto

One Justice

May be publickly Whipt and sent to their Settlements; or may be committed to the next Sessions. And afterwards may be whipt and imprisoned for not more than Six Months

ditto and the Sessions

Punishment as for Rogues, but besides their Imprisonment by Sessions may be for. two Years, and not less than six Months

ditto

6s. 8d. ill Offen. 13s. 4d. 2d do 20s. 3d ditto and Pillory 5s.

By Fine, Imprisonm. and Pillory

To the Mayor or Head Officer To the Poor

Mayor or Head Officer

One Justice or Mayor Information or Indictment

20s. for each OmiOion

To the Poor

Two Justices

£. too

To Prosecutor

Action-

Accessary.

ACCESSARY is one that A..concerned in the felony by commandment, aid, or receipt.

In high treason, there are no accessaries, either before 1 Halt's Hip. or after; for all are principals. — In cases that are criminal, br,. but not capital, such as petty larceny, trespass, &c. there are

no acceflaries_But as to felonies by act of parliament, those

that coonfel or command the offence, are accessaries before; and those that knowingly receive the offender, are accessaries after.

The buyer or receiver of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, 29 G. 2. c. 30. bell-metal, or folder, 'knowing them to be stolen, may be convicted, although the principal hath not been convicted; and shall be transported for fourteen years.

Every person, who shall buy or receive any stolen jewel or 10 C. 3. c. 48. jewels, or. any stolen gold of hiver plate, watch. or watches, knowing the lame to have been stolen, accompanied with a burglary actually committed in Healing the same, or to have been feloniously taken by a robbery on the highway, shall be triable, as well before conviction of the principal felon, whether he be in or out of custody, as after his conviction: and if such person, so buying or receiving, shall be convicted thereof, he shall beguilty of felony, and transported for 14 years.

Affray.

AN affray is a public offence to the tenor of the king's ful-, jells i so called, because it affrigbteth and maketh men afraid.

From whence it seems clearly to follow, that there may be an assault, which will not amount to an affray.

Anyone who fees others fighting, may lawfully part them, 1 thw. j;6. and also flay them till the heat be over, and then deliver them to the constable to be carried before a justice, to find sureties

I for the peace.

A constable is bound at his peril to use his belt endeavours 1 Haw. 137. to part an affray; and to demand the assistance of others, which if they refuse to give him, they are punishable with line and imprisonment. — And he may either carry the offender before a justice, to find sureties for the peace, or he may imprison him of his own authority for a reasonable time, till the heat be over, and also afterwards detain him till he And such surety by obligation. — But a constable hath no power to *

When so considered, See Stsltn GitJs.

B

arrest

2

Affray.

arreit a man for an affray done oat of his own view, without a warrant from a justice, unless a felony were done, or likely to be done; for it is the proper bulinefsof a con liable to pre-ferre the peace, and not to punish the breach of it. i Haw. 13-. A justice of the peace cannot without a warrant authorize the

arrest of any person for an affray out of his own view; yet he may make his warrant to bring the offender before him, in order to compel him to find sureties for the peace.

~ All affrays in general are punishable by fine and impri-5'" fonment.

Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors.

- T>Y this act, an additional duty of 10s. 6d. is to be paid JO for every licence for retailing beer, ale, "&c. over and

above all other dunes chargeable thereon.

The new duty to be under the government, care, and ma-

nagement of the commissioness of the stamp duties.

Alehouses.

IF an alehouse lodges and entertains travellers, it is also an inn.

Two justices (1 <?.) may esquire of innholders, and of all and singular other persons, who shall offend in the abuse of weights and measures, or in the sale of victuals. s C. 3. c. 45. Every person lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, without licence (except in ‘fairs, and except retailers of spirituous liquors without ? C. t. 6. licence, for whom other penalties are provided by law) shall forfeit for the first offence 40s. and also the colls and expences of conviction; if not paid within 14 days after conviction, the offender to be imprisoned for one month, unless he shall sonner pay the penalty, and the colls for the second offence 4!. and also the colts and expences of conviction; if hot paid within one week, to be imprisoned two months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty, and the colls; for the third offence 61. and also the colls and expences of conviction; if not paid within three days, to be imprisoned for three months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty,' and the colls; and the like penalty for every other offence after the third, as for the third offence. All which colls and expences shall be afeer-

' A:to:r~r, ssi phtts nitre fur: are kept, fir sir si-.r.r sdy if such fairs Srv 5 & 6 £J. 5, c. Cj, 6. and'3 Car. c. 4, 6.

rained

Alehouses. 3

tained by the jallice before whom the offender shall be convicted. One moiety of all which penalties and forfeitures shall be to the king; and the other moiety, and alt such colls, charges, and expences, to the prosecutor. — The same to be heard and determined by one justice: who shall *fumir.on the party accused, and the ivitnesses; and shall proceed to hear the matter, and examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment; and if he convict the party accused, and such party shall refuse to pay the penalty, with the colts, he shall issue his warrant for apprehending and committing to prison every such offender, for such time, and in such manner, as the nature of the offence shall require.

Where a just ice shall fufpcfl that any person fells without 26 G. z licence, he may call such person before him, and also any ex-cife-officer to produce his Hock-book; and may examine such officer on oath in what manner he charges such person, and how such person pays the duties; and if it shall appear, that such person is surveyed as a victualler or retailer, and is charged with the lame duties that victuallers and retailers are charged with, he shall be deemed an' alehouse-keeper, victualler, retailer, or feller thereof, as if the same had been proved by two witnesses.

Any witness neglecting or refuling to appear upon summons 5 c- 3 at the time and place appointed, without a reasonable excuse to be allowed by such justice, or appearing and refusing to be examined on oath and give evidence, shall forfeit 20s.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved by the con- y, viltion of such justice, he may appeal to the next quarter sessions; unless they are held within six days; in which case, he may appeal to the following sessions, after giving security to the satisfaction of the justice, for the payment of the penalty, colts, and expences of such conviction.

If any person shall fell or deliver any beer or ale, to any per- ^ j. son that shall then fell beer or ale as a common tiplerorale-housekeeper, (except it be for the use of his houshold only) the same person not having licence to fell ale or beer; he shall forfeit for every barrel 6s. 8d. and so proportion ably for other quantities; half to the poor, and half to him that shall sue in sessions, by action of debt, information, indictment, or presentment.

No licence shall be granted to any person to keep a common a '» 4 I inn or alehouse, but at a general meeting of the justices acting 26 G: I fin the division where the said person dwells, to be holden for

. r.

31*

. e. 46*

4.

. e.

s. e. 31*

See Appendix, No. 78. f N. B. The intrusion, therefore, of magistrates acting in another division, to grant licences to persons judged by their own magistrates improper V) be licensed, appears to be not only extremely indecent, but also absolutely il-li^al) and every licence so obtained, is null and void.

B s

that

4 Alehouses,

that purpose, on the first day of September yearly, or within twenty days after, and not at any other time. — This shall not i G«. c. iS. alter the power or the time of granting licences, in cities and *6 C- z. r. 31. towns corporate.

6 C. z. c. -r. The day and place for granting licences shall he appointed by two or more j offices for the division, by warrant under their hands and seals, at lealt ten days before such meeting, directed to the high constables, requiring them to order their petty condables, or other peace officers', to give notice to the several innkeepers and alehousekeepers within their respective confta-blewicks, of the day and place of such meeting. And all licences granted at any other time and place shall bevoid. — And no licence shall be granted to any person not licensed the year preceding (except in cities or towns corporate) unless he produce a certificate under the hands of the minijltr and the major part of the churchwardens and overseers, or else of three or four reputable and substantial housholders of the place, setting forth that such person is of good same and of (ober life and conversation; and it shall be mentioned in such licence that such certificate was produced, otherwise the licence shall be void.

S3i. A mexitaias will not lie to compel the justices to license any person.

c. 13. No justice of the peace, being a common brewer of ale or beer, innkeeper, or distiller, of a feller of or dealer in ale or spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades, or being a victualler or malller, shall be capable, or have any power to grant licences for felling ale or beer or any other liquors, but the same shall be void-. ....

Vj The person licensed shall enter into a recognizance in iol. with two sureties in 5I. each, or one surety in roll as well c. 31- against the using of unlawful games, as also for the uling and maintenance of good order and rule, to be had'and used within the same.

D---. r. :$ These three things are especially recommended to the justices'care: 1. That no alehousekeeper, upon the Lord's day, should receive, or suffer to remain, any persons whatsoever, as their guclts, in any of their houses or other places, to tipple, eat or drink; other than travellers, and such as come upon necessary business. 2. That they suffer no person whatsoever, referring to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain there after the hour of nine in the evening in winter, and ten in luramcr. 3 That they suffer no person, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain tipling there above one hour, other than travellers.

t-.r. The recognizance, with the condition thereof, fairly written

or printed, shall forthwith, or at the next sessions at farthell, Ve f-ti: or returned to the clerk of the peace, under the hands

' 'of

z6 C.z

5^6

£.r;.

4 C. s.

Alehouses. 5

of the justices, to be by him entered or filed among the records.

And for every licence granted, without taking such recognizance, and for every such recognizance taken, and not sent or returned, every justice signing such licence, shall forfeit

5I. 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue, together with cods___The

clerk of the peace shall keep a register or calendar of all such recognizances, and shall deliver to the justices, at the meeting for granting licences, a true copy of such register or calendar. — And for every recognizance shall be paid by the clerks of the justices taking such recognizances, to the clerk of the peace, 'for filing or recording the same, &c. is. which shall be paid to the clerks of the said justices, by the perloiis licensed, over and above the fees payable to the said justices' clerks.

The justices shall have power, in their quarter-sessions, to 5 (tf <; g, c-esquire of all such persons as shall be admitted and allowed to 25. keep any alehouse or tiplinghouse, and that be so bound by recognizance, if they have done any act whereby they have forfeited the same recognizance, and they shall, upon such preferment or information, award process against every such person so presented or complained of before them, to shew why he should not forfeit his recognizance; and shall have power to hear and determine the same, by all such ways and means, as by their discretion shall be thought good.

Any justice, on complaint or information that such licensed *6 c- *3>. person hath committed any act, whereby in the judgment of such justice the recognizance may be forfeited, may, by summons underhand ana seal, require such person to appear at the general or quarter-sessions, then and there to answer to the matter of such complaint or information; and also may bind the complainant, or any other person, in recognizance, to appearand give evidence; and the sessions may direct the jury, which shall there attend for the trial of traverses, orfome other jury of twelve honest and fabftantial men, to be then and there impannelled by the sheriff without fee, to enquire thereof; and if the jury find that such person hath done any act, whereby the recognizance is broken, such act being specified in such complaint or information, the court may adjudge him guilty; which vefdifl and adjudication shall be final; and thereupon the court shall order the recognizance to be estreated into the j exchequer, to be levied to his MajestyYufe; and the said per-I son shall be disabled to fell any ale, &c. for three years. Provided, that the justices, at the request of the prosecutor, or of the party complained of, or either of his sureties, may nd-'ourn the trial to the then next sessions — And if any person shall be disabled, by conviction, to fell ale, beer, cyder, or perry, he shall, by the same conviction, be disabled to fell any spirituous liquors, any licence before obtained for that purpose notwithstanding; which said conviction shall be certified to the next sessions, to be filed among!! the records.

If.

I

Alehouses.

If any licensed person shall die or remove out of his house so licensed, his executors, adminilirators or assigns, or the occupier thereof, may continue during the residue of the term, without any new licence or certificate.

If any alehouse shall become empty or unoccupied after the general day for licensing (the occupier whereof was duly licensed the year preceding) two justices at a petty sessions may grant a licence to any new tenant or occupier till the next general licensing day, obtaining first a certificate as abovementioned.

The justices in Easter sessions yearly (and. mayors in corporations) shall rate the price of all barrels, kilderkins, firkins, and other vessels to be sold for ale or beer to be uttered therein: And if any cooper shall not fell the same according to such rate, he shall forfeit 5s. ad.; half to the king, and half to him that ihallfue.

jy. Every barrel of beer, within the bills of mortality, shall be 36 gallons, and the barrel of ale 32 gallons; and in all other places, 34. gallons shall be reckoned for a barrel of beer or ale.

All innkeepers, alehouse-keepers, and other retailers of ale or beer, shall retail and fell the same in and from their houses, by a fall ale-quart or ale-pint, according to the standard of the exchequer, in a vessel made and fizedto the standard, and signed, ilamped, or marked, either from the exchequer, or from same city, town-corporate, borough, or market-town, where a standard ale-quart or pint, made from the said standard shall be kept for that purpose; on pain of forfeiting notabore 405. nor under 10s. for every offence; half to the poor, and ; half to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be re- covered before one justice, by the oath of one witness, and to ; be levied by warrant of distress. The prosecution to be within i 30 days. — And every mayor, or chief officer, shall, onrequelt ! to him made, cause all ale-quarts and ale-pints, made of good i and wholesome materials, which shall be brought to him, to be . measured with the standard in his custody, and shall then cause i the same to be signed, Ilamped, and marked with W. R. and ; a crown, for which they shall not receive above one farthing : for each measure, on pain of 3I.

If any innkeeper, victualler, or alehouse-keeper, or tavern keeper keeping an inn or victualling-house, shall suffer any inhabitant to continue drinking or tipling therein (except such as shall be invited by any traveller during his necessary abode there; and except labouring and handicraftsmen in cities, &c. upon the usual working days, for one hour at dinner-time, to take their diet in an alehouse; and except labourers and workmen, which, for the time of their said continuing in work there, sojourn, lodge, or victual in any inn, &c.) he shall, on conviction thereof before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view or confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 10s. to

the

Alehouses.

the poor. The same to be levied by the constables or churchwardens by way of distress; and for default of satisfaction in six days, the distress to be appraised and fold; rendering the overplus; and for want of sufficient .distress, the party offending to be committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid. And if the.constable or churchwardens do neglect' their dutjr in levying, or do not levy the penalties; or in default of distress, do neglect to certify the default, by the space of 20 days, to such mayor or justice; every person so offending, shall forfeit 40s. to the poor, to be levied by way of distress by warrant from such mayor or j ustice; the distress to be detained six days; in which time, if payment be not made, the goods may be appraised and fold, returning theoverplus; for want of which distress, the constable or churchwarden so offending, to be by such mayor or justice committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid.

The said offence may be enquired of and presented before 4 Ja. e. j justices of afftze, justices of the peace in their sessions, mayors in corporations, and in the leet.

If any alehouse-keeper shall suffer any inhabitant to continue 4, ja. c. drinking or tipling therein as aforesaid, he shall be disabled for the space of three years to keep any such alehouse.

If any person (unless those before excepted) shall continue ^ ja, e. drinking or tipling, in any inn, or alehouse, he shall, onconviction thereof, before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view, confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit for every offence 3s. 4d. within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor: And if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress: And if he be not able to pay, the justice may punish the offender, by setting him in the stocks for every offence by the space of four hours.

The offender to be presented, indidlcd, or convicted in fix Id.

1 months.

And all constables, churchwardens, aleconners, and fidcf- 11 Ja.

I men, shall, in their several oaths incident to their offices, be j charged to present the said offence. And if any alehouse- 1 J-:- *' [ keeper shall be convicted of the said offence, he shall moreover I for the space of three years, be disabled to keep any such ale- at Ja-I house.

I All constables, churchwardens, aleconners, and fidefmen, 4 j.. llhall be sworn to present the offence of drunkenness.

5 Every person, who shall be drunk, and thereof shall be con- -,7.,. victed belore one justice, or mayor, on view, coiifcffon, or loath of one witness, shall forfeit for the first offence 5s. to he apaid within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the Spoor; and if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress; and gif the offender be not able to pay the said fun: of ;s. he shall

H he

8

Ja. c.

7 J-- <

J Ar.z, f.

Alehouses. I

be committed to the docks, there to remain for the space of fix i hoars. t

And if any constable, or other inferior officer, do neglect [ the due correction of the offender, every person <0 offending I shall forfeit ios. to be paid to the churchwardens, for the use 1 of the poor. And if any person once convicted of drunkenness, I shall after that be again convicted of the like offence, he shall [| be bounden with two sureties in a recognizance or obligation tjj of lol. with condition to be from henceforth of good be- J§ haviour. ||

If any alehouse-keeper shall be convicted of being drank, [| he shall, besides the penalties above-mentioned, be utterly disabled to keep any such alehouse, for the space of three years jl* next ensuing the conviction. A

Kate, — The universities are generally excepted out of these K-acts concerning alehouses. '.1

Annuities.

BY fereralacts, an oath of an annuitant's life is to be made fj before a just ice of the peace, who shall give a certificate ¥ thereof, in order to entitle such person to receive his annuity.

Apples and Pears.

i. c. r-rAHE measure shall be round, and in diameter eighteen ' inches and a half within the hoop, and eight inches deep; and so in proportion: and whosoever shall fell or buy any apples or pears by any other measure, shall forfeit ios. , half to the informer, and half to the poor, on conviction on ; the oath of one witness, before one justice, or mayor, to be levied by the petty constable by warrant of the said justice, by ; distress and sale. But this shall not extend to any measure r sealed and allowed by the fruiterers' company in London. h

Apprentices.

TF any person, under the age of 21, shall be required by any X. housholder, using half a ploughland at least in tillage, to : be an apprentice, and to serve in husbandry, or other art, and:

shall

Apprentices.

iS G. 3. c. 47, 4] £/« r. 1*

shall refuse so to dp, then (on complaint of such housekeeper to one justice or head officer) he shall fend for the person refuting; and if he shall think the said personmeet to ferre, and such person refuse to be bound, he may commit him to ward', there to remain, until he becontented, and will be bound.'

The churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, by the assent of two justices (1 4J.) may bind any such children, whole parents, they shall judge not able to maintain them, to be apprentices where they shall see convenient, till such man child shall cometo the age of 21, and such woman child to the age of 21, ormarriage; the same to be as effectual to all purposes, as if such child were of full age, and by indenture of covenant bound him orherfelf.

By 3 An. c. 9. a duty of 6d. in the pound,'where the apprentice's fee is from il.' to 50I. — where it is 50I. and upwards, is. for every pound is to be paid, by the mailer or mistress of ..every apprentice, clerk, or servant, bound by indentures. The indentures within the bills of mortality are to be brought to the (lamp-office within one month ; if executed in the country, to the agents of the (lamp-office within two months, , and the duty paid, under a penalty of ;ol. and making void the indentures, 9 An. c. 21. Thedamp on the indenture is 12s. — Each indenture mull be on a 6s. (lamp; except parish apprentices, for whom a 6d. (lamp oh each indenture is sufficient, and no duty on the fuin given.

And where any poor child shall be appointed to be bound apprentice by the 4.3 Ml, the person to whom he is appointed to be bound, shall receive and provide for him, and also execute the other part, of, the indentures'; and if he (half refuse ft to do, oath being thereof made by one of the churchwardens or overseers, before two: justices, he shall forfeit 10I. bydtf- -

tress and sale, by warrant ;of such justices, to thenfeof the oor of the parish or place'where the offence was committed ; aving always to theperfoiy-to whom any poor child shall be ap-ointed to be bound apprentice, if he shall think himself ag-rieved thereby, his appeal to the next sessions, whose order erein shall be final.

Directors and guardians'of the poor, in particular incorpo- 20 3- '

ated hundreds or didrifts, have the same powers to bind poor hildren; and every inhabitant, being an 'occupier of lands the parish, is bound under the same penalties to receive and ovide for them.

N. B. If the masser is dissatisfied, he may appeal to the ffibns.

Choice shall always be made of the poored children ; and no ch apprentice shall be above 15 years of age when bound.

Every one, who by his profelfion, or manner of living, has occasion to :p servants, and is approved of by the justices. Dalt. c. 58.

C It

!0 Apprentices.

ic?3 jic-.r. 6. it shall be lawful for two justices, and for the head-officers in corporations, and for the churchwardens and overseers of the several parishesor townships, with the consent of such justices or head-officers, to bind and pat out any boy of the age of ten years or upwards, or who shall be chargeable, or whose parents shall be chargeable, or who shall beg for alms, to be an apprentice to the sea-service, to any subject being mailer or owner of any lbip or relTel, until he shall attain the age of at years.

And every person to whom any poor boy shall be put apprentice by the 43 El. may, with the consent of two justices dwelling near the parish where such poor boy was bound, or with the like consent of the chief officer in a corporation, at the request of the mailer, his executors, administrators, or. assigns, by indenture assign over such poor boy apprentice, to any mailer or owner of a ship or vessel, uling the sea-service, during the remaining time of his apprenticeship. — The boy's age shall be inserted in the indenture, being truly taken from a copy of the entry in the regiller-book (where it can be had) which copy shall be given and attelled by the minister without fee: — And where.no such entry can be found, two such justices, and such head officers, shall as fully as they can inform themselves of such boy's age, and from such information shall insert the same in the indentures_The collector in the port

shall keep arcgillerof all such apprentices in such ships, and from what parishes and places they were sent; and shall transmit (gratis) true copies thereof signed by him, to the quarter-sessions, or to such towns corporate, parishes, or places, when and so often as he shall be reasonably required so to do; and every collector refuling or neglecting to fend such copy, shall forfeit jl. to the poor of the parish from whence such boy was bound. — Two justices near the port, and mayors of towns corporate, in or near adjoining to such port at which such ship or vessel shall at any time arrive, may determine all complaints of ill usage from the mailer to such apprentice, and also of all such as shall voluntarily put themselves apprentices to the fca service. — All the penalties aforesaid shall, by warrant of two justices of the county, city, or town corporate, be levied bydillrefs and sale.

-G. 3.13. iVerr, — Mailers, apprentices, mariners, and others employed

in fishing-vessels upon the coalls, are exempted, during such their employment, from being impressed.

5 r. 4. If any mailer shall misuse or evil intreat his apprentice, or the said apprentice shall have any just cause to complain; or if the apprentice do not his duty to his mailer, then the said mailer or apprentice being grieved, and having cause to complain, shall repair untoone justice; and if the said justice cannot compound and agree the matter, he Ih7.ll take bond of the said

Apprentices.

11

said mailer to appear at the next sessions; and on his appearance, and hearing of the matter there, if it be thought meet to discharge the said apprentice, then the justices, or ‘four of them at the leaf! (i 4J.) shall have power in writing under their hands and seals, to pronounce and declare, that they have discharged the said apprentice of his apprenticehood, and the cause thereof: — And the said writing, being inrolled among the records, shall be a sufficient discharge for the apprentice again!! his mailer, his executors and administrators. And if the default shall be found to be in the apprentice, then the said justice, &c. with the afliilance aforesaid, shall cause such due correction and punishment to be administered unto him, as by their wisdom and discretion shall be thought meet.

On complaint unto two justices, by any parish or other ap- 10 C. i. 19. prentice, upon whose binding out no larger a sum than 5I. was paid, concerning any ill-treatment, they may summon the mailer or mistress; and on proof upon oath of the truth of the said complaint, the said justices may discharge the apprentice, for which warrant or certificate no fee shall be paid. And such justices on complaint on oath by any mailer or mistress, again!! any such apprentice, concerning any misdemeanor, mifear-riage, or ill behaviour, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender, by commitment to the house of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour for a reasonable time, not exceeding one calendar month, or otherwise by discharging such apprentice.

Persons aggrieved by any determination, order or warrant of ! such justices, may appeal to the next sessions, who may award colts to either party not exceeding 40s. to be levied by distress and sale.

If any apprentice shall flee into any other shire, the justices 5 A/, r. 4. may iifuc writs of capias to the IhcriiFsof the counties, toiake his body, that he may be put in prison, till he finds sufficient surety well and honestly to serve his mailer.

If a justice shall issue a warrant against such person, and he 24 c>2*c- 55-Hull escape into another fliirc, the constable or other person, on having the warrant indorsed by a justice in such other shire, may arrcll him there, and carry him before a justice in such I other ihirc, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall j carry him back before a justice in the Ihirc from whence the I warrantdid first issue.

If any apprentice shall absent himself from his mailer's fer- 6 <» 3* ' 5S' (vice, before the term of his apprenticeship shall be expired, he sihall, at any time thereafter, whenever he shall be found (so lit be within {even years after the expiration of his term) be ^compelled to serve his said matter, for so long time as he shall ijShavcabfcnted himself; unless he shall make satisfaction to his Ijl

% Four at least, where the apprentice's fee exceeds 5!.

C 2

matter

12 Apprentices.

mailer for the loss lie shall have fudaiaedby such absence; and if he shall refnfe foto serve, or to makesatisfaction, the maf-ter may complain upon oath to one justicewhere he shall reside, who shall ilTne his warrant for apprehending such apprentice. And such justice, on hearing the complaint, may determine what satisfaction shall be made to such mailer by the apprentice. And if the said apprentice shall not give security to i [ make satisfaSioa according to such determination, such justice may commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months. $

Persons aggrieved by such determination, order, or warrant of the justice (except any order of commitment). may appeal to S the next sessions.

Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to the tlannaries 1; in Devon or Cornwall; or to impeach or lessen the jurisdiction ?! of the chamberlain of London, or of any other court within [ the said city, touching apprentices; nor to any apprentice, k whose mailer shall have received with him the sum of tol. si B. 8. r. 7. Servants going away with their mailer's goods, with intent to deal them, shall be guilty of felony; but not to extend to apprentices. j

is Azz.f.. 1. Persons dealing to the value of 40s. being in a dwelling house j f. " or outhouse thereto belonging, tho' such house be not broken, :

and tho' no personbe therein, are excluded from the benefit of S clergy. But this not to extend to apprentices under 15 years of age; but if they be iy years of age, they shall be guilty as j other persons.

If the maderdies, the apprentice goes to the executor or administrator to be maintained, if there are assets; but the executor or administrator may bind him to another mader for the remaining part of his time.

N. B. For settlement by apprenticeship, fee that article nnder Peer.

Arraignment.

-.11. U. Sl6.

s H. H. S19.

ARRAIGNMENT is nothing else but the calling the offender to the bar of the court, to answer the matter charged upon him.

The prisoner on his arraignment, though under an indictment of the highed crime, mud be brought to the bar without irons and all manner of (hackles or bonds, unless there be a danger of escape, and then he may bebrought with irons.

Arrest.

*3

Arrest.

POWER ,is given to, the justices of the peace, to take and 34 3-»

arrest all those whom'they may find by indictment, or by suspicion, and to put them-in prison.

By the justices' oath of office, the warrant ought not to be Bern, ml, i. directed to the party, but to Tome indifferent person, to execute it.

Constables and others may, on having the warrant indorsed *4 <? a- 55-by a justice in another county, into which an offender shall have escaped, arrest anoffenderinfuchother county, and carry him before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of such other county, if the offence is bailable, to find bail; or else shall carry him back again before a justicein the county from whence the warrant did first issue.

Any justice, or the sheriff, may take of the county any num- Dak. e. 171. ber that he shall think meet, to pursue, arrest, and imprison traitors, murderers, robbers, and other felons j or such as do break, or go about to break, or disturb the king's peace: and-every man, being required, ought to assist ana aid them, on pain of fine and imprisonment. — Where a justice, sheriff, or other officer, is enabled to take the power of the county, it seemeth they may command and ought to have the aid and at- tendance of all knights, gentlemen, yeomen, husbandmen, labourers, tradesmen, servants, and apprentices, and of all other persons being above the age of fifteen years, and able to travel. — And in such case it is referred to the discretion of the [justice, sheriff, or other officer, what number they will have to attend on them, and how and after what manner they shall be armed or otherwisefurnished.

. Doors may be broken open upon a warrant from a justice fj*?/ "r" [of the peace, to find sureties for the peace or good behaviour. „ /f j/ J — a. An officer upon any warrant from a justice, either for the Dak. c. i(I5. peace or good behaviour, or in any case where the king is par- D-.ll. 151. jty, may by force break open a man's house, to arrest the of- ender. — 3. On a warrant to search for stolen goods, the doors , nay be broke open, if the goods are there; and if they are ' '* ot there, the constable seems indemnified, but he that made he suggestion, is punishable. — 4. Where forcible entry or drainer is found by inquisition before justices of the peace, or ppearson their view. — 5. On the warrant ofajustice of the cace for the levying of a forfeiture, in execution of a judg-ent, or conviction for it, grounded on any statute, which ives the whole or any part of such forfeiture 'to. the king. —

Where an affray is made in a house, in the view orhearing t a constable, he may break open the doors to take them. —

' ' 7. ^

IS

H

DsU. c. xH.H.i

z It. SI.

i H. 5S: z U. 11:

= 11. II. : 0.

j Hsza.

3 IL-ZP.

I ffszf.

Arrest. |

7. If there be disorderly drinking or noise in a house, at an unfsafanable time of night, especially in inns, taverns, or ale-houses, the constable or his watch, demanding entrance, and jj being refused, m2y break open the doors, to fee and suppress jj the disorder.

[j5. If the conilablecome unto the party, and require him to go jj

before the j ustice, this is no arrest nor imprisonment. j j

;?9. When a private person hath arrested a felon, or one suspected ;j of felony, he may. deliver him to the constable, who may either j carry him to gaol, or to ajustice of the peace, or he may carry f him immediately to a justice of the peace. |

o-. If the constable, or his watch, hath arrested affrayers, or j persons drinking in an alehouse at an unseasonable time of night, he may put the pwfons in the flocks, or in the prison, ; if there be one in the vill, 'till the heat of their passion or in- j temperance is over, tho' he deliver them afterwards; or'till I. he can bring them before a justice. j

i. If the arrest is by virtue of a warrant to bring the party be- £ fore the justice who granted the warrant speciallj, then the of- ? ficer is bound to bring him before, the same justice; but if the warrant be to bring him before any justice of the county, then it is in the election, of the officer, to bring him before what justice he thinks fit, and not in the election of the prisoner. rse. And when he hath brought him to the justice, yet he is in law hill in his custody, till the justice discharge, or bail, or commit him.

r. 44. No action shall be brought against any constable or other officer, or person a Sing by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until demand hath keen made of the perusal and copy of such warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for six days after such demand.

Assault and Battery.

133. A SSAULT is an attempt or offer, with force andvio-j \ lence, to do a corporal hurt to another, by strikingat him with or without a weapon; or by any other such like aft, done in an angry, threatening manner.

134. One charged with an assault and battery, may be found guilty of the assault, and yet acquitted of the battery; but every battery includes an assault.

130. If an officer, having a lawful warrant, lay hands on another to arrest him, or if a parent in a reasonable manner chaftifca child, a mailer his apprentice, a school-master his scholar; in all these cases, and such like, itisjuftifiable.

Where

Assault and Battery. 15

Where a man in his own defence beats another who first af- 1 Haw. 13+. faults him, he may take advantage thereof, both upon an in-distment, and upon an attion.

Aiiizes.

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, &c. of that county Crews CiVc.

where the judges have their aiuaes', are bound to be pre- ? lent; and if they make default, without lawful impediment, the judges may set a'fine upon them for their neglect.

Attorney.

NO attorney dr fOllcitof shall be capable to continue or be 5G. s. c. 1*.

a juIbice of the peace; during fuch1 time aS he shall continue in thebufiness andpraftice of an attorney'or solicitor.. -r

Auction.

0; person exercising the trade or business of an auGioncer, 19 G. 3. shall' presume to ‘deal in, vend. br fell, any eftath',' oods,' or cffcfls whatsoeverj .by public Tale , or otherwise,' by' vay of aiiftion, without taking out i licence.' — If any perfoti; all aft; without such licence; He ftialHorfei t ;Tool. if within' he bills j an'd elsewhere,'jol. ' 1 ‘

If th'eTaie shall be rendered void, i by reason that the person',' or whose benefit the estate or goods were fo|d,nhiid no till? or igh't to dispose thereof, the auctioneer,t who'paid the duty, ay'cdnijfiain to the of of e'xcise, or justices of the face, within whose jurisdiGion respectively the fat,e was made,' ho may hear and determine'ali such complaints, and relieve; c party complaining of so much as shall appear to have been-erpaidi' ' ta:..--, ; r . .. ./ n !/ <

.'.I. a cj.

[Backing a Warrant. See Warrant, j.

i6

Bail.

ESe's, PI. 95. T? AIL Cgnifies the delivery of a man out of custody, upon I -D the undertaking of one or mote persons for him, that he shall appear at a day limited, to answer and be jollified by the I law. — The difference between bail and mainprise is, that main. I pernors are only surety, but bail is a custody. J

Sale's, Pi- 9S. If a person be brought before a justice, if it appears that no felony is committed, he may discharge him; but if a felony tj be committed, tho* it appears not that the party accused is $ guilty, yet he cannot discharge him, but mult commit or bail him. - ‘ -i

z i.-f. t:5. In case of homicide, the offender is not bailable.

If a person has dangeronlly wounded another, the justice ft ought to be very cautious how he takes bail, dll the year and |j day be pall. |

No distinSion Teems here to be made respecting bail, be- !§ tween such homicide as is malicious, and that which happens! j by misadventure or in self-defence. . 1

Any two justices (1 5J.) may of common right-bail persons \

indiftedatthe sessions. !

1 SzP.SM. If a person be arrested for manjlaugbter, or felony, or fufpiem I !3- thereof, being bailable by law, he shall not be let to bailor j

mainprise by any justices, but in open, sessions, except it be by j two justices at the least (1 Q^) and the same to be present together at the dme of the said bailment.

And the said justices, or one of them, being of the.quprum, shall take theexamination of the Taiiprisoner, and information ! of them that bring, him, and the same, or as much thereof as ' shall be material to prove the felony, shall be put in-writing before they make- the bailment: — Which examination, together with the bailment, the said .justices shall certify at tht next general gaol delivery to be bolden within thelimits ol their commif&on. : -

And the said justices shall have power, to.bind all such. by. recognizance as do declare any thing material to prove the offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery to give evidence against the party on his trial. — And shall,.certify tht same in like manner.

In London, Middlesex, and in other cities and towns corpo-j rate, justices may let prisoners to bail, as they might before this act; but when they do bail, they are to take and certify the bail and examination as is here directed. ttr.^/.a.r.a. Bv the declaration of righes, exceCve bail ought not to be required. i

zihzj.az. To refuse bail, where the party ought to be bailed, isafflif-i demeanor punishable by indictment.

Admitting

Banks destroying. 17

Admitting bail, where it ought not, is punishable by the H. P. 97. judges of assize by fine; or punishable as a negligent escape at common law.

Altho' the conltablcby his own authority, without any war- Bum. V. I. p. rant of commitment, may carry offenders to gaol, yet, since »5J* the institution of the office of justices of the peace, it is better that they be carried before a justice, to be sent by him to gaol by warrant of commitment.

The warrant of commitment ought to set forth the cause efpc- Id. daily; thatistofay, not for treason, or felony in general, but treason for counterfeiting the king's coin, or felony forJlealing the goods of such a one to such a 'value, and the like; that the court may judge whether the offence is such, for which a prisoner ought to be admitted to bail.

Banks destroying.

IF any personshall unlawfully and maliciously break down or $ g. z. <. 37.

cut down the bank of any river or sea bank, whereby any lands shal) be overflowed or damaged, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And if any person shall remove any materials, driven into to G. a. c. 31 the ground, and used for the securing any marsh or sea-walls, or hanks, on complaint or information thereof made upon oath to any justice redding near the place, such justice shall summon the party complained of, or shall issue his warrant to apprehend and bring such person before him; and upon his appearance, or neglect to appear, he shall proceed to examine the fast, and upon due proof thereof made either by confession, or oath of one witness, shall convict the offender; who shall thereupon forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the overseer for the use of the poor, to be levied by distress and sale: for want ofsufficientdiftrefs, to be committed to thehouse of correction, to be kept to hard labour for six months.

Bankrupt.

O commission of bankruptcy shall be issued on the peti- 5 0. 2. < 30 tion of one or more creditors, unless the single debt of iich creditor, or of two or more being partners, amount to

ool.j or of two such creditors petitioning amount to 1501.; r of three or more to 200I. — On certificate under the hands ndfcakof the of, that such a 'commission is ifl'ued, nd such a person proved before them to become bankrupt, any uilge, or justice of the peace, shall, on application to then-D for

i8

34 t.

f. I*

Bankrupt. ;

for that purpose made, grant their warrant for the taking and apprehending such person, and commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he be removed by order of the commissioners by their warrant. — The bankrupt, after assignees shall be appointed, shall deliver up to them an oath (tobead-miniilered by a mailer in chancery, or justice of the peace) all his books of account, papers, and writings not seized by the laeflenger of the commission, and not before delivered Up, and then in his power, and difeaver such as are in the power of others.

Barratry.

BARRATRY iignilies a quarrel or contention. — The justices of the peace shall have power to reilrain all barrators, and to pnrfue, arrest, take, and chaitiie them, according to their trespass or offence.

Bastards.

1 hi. au.

C. G. =.

PrchtUSPir-

irti!.

i C. r. 31.

1T 7E term all by the name of bastards, that are born out of W lawful marriage; but if the issue be born within a month, or a day, after marriage between parties of full lawful age, the child is legitimate.

Though thehulband and wife are.both in England, if there is sufficient proof that he had no access to her, the child will be abaftard.

But this non-access of the husband ought to be proved otherwise than upon the wife's oath.

If any single woman shall be delivered of abaftard child, which shall be chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, ot shall declare herself to be with child, and that such child is likely to be born abaftard, and to be chargeable; and shall, in either of such cases, in an 'examination to be taken in writ, ing, upon oath, before onejustice of the county, city, or town corporate, where such parish or place shall lie, charge any person with having gotten her with child; it shall be lawful for such justice, upon application made to him by theoVerfcers of j the poor of such parish, or one of them, or by any substantial' houflsolder of an extraparochial place, to issue out his f warrant! for the immediate apprehending such person so charged at; aforesaid, and for bringing him before such justice, or before;

an} i

9 S?s Apprndsxt No. 8. or No. 10. j* S?c Appendix, No. 9.

Bastards.

19

any other of his majesty's justices of the peace of such county, city, or town corporate: — And the justice, before whom such perl'on shall be brought, shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, unless he shall give security to indemnify such parish or place, or shall.1 enter into a 'recognizance, with sufficient surety, upon condition to appear at the next general quarter sessions, or general sessions of the peace.

Jf the constable, having a warrant to apprehend the reputed father, shall willingly or negligently suffer him to escape, he may be bound over to the sessions, and there indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

And if such woman shall die, or be married, before she shall be delivered, or mifearry of such child, or shall appear not to have been with child at the time of her examination, such person shall be discharged from his recognizance at the next feffi-ons, or immediately released out of custody by warrant of one justice reftding in or near the limits where such parish or place shall lie; who shall summon the overseers of the poor to appear before him, to shew cause why such person fho.uld not be discharged.

It shall not be lawful for any justice to fend for any woman, before she shall be delivered, and one month after, in order to her being examined concerning her pregnancy; or to compel any woman, before file shall be delivered, to answer any questions relating to her pregnancy.

Ifisecurity hath not been given to indemnify the parish, two c'

juliices (1 £>.) in or next unto the limits where the parish church is, within which parish such bastard shall be born, upon examination of the cause and circumstance, shall and may, by theirdiferetion, take order, as well for the punishment of the mother and reputed father, as also for the better relief of such parish, in part or in all; and shall and may, by like discretion take order for the keeping of every such bastard child, by charging such mother or reputed father, with the payment of money-weekly, or other fullentation, for the relief of such hild, in such ways as they shall think meet and convenient: id if the mother or reputed father shall not observe and per-irm the said order! every such party so making default shall be committed to ward to the common goal, there to remain ithoutbailormainprife, except lie or she shall putin sufficient irety to perform the said order, or elfeperfonaily to appear at nc next general sessions of the peace. {

All justices of the peace, within their several limits andpre- 3 C. r. 4. infls, and in their several sessions, may do and execute all Kings concerning that part of the said statute of 18 Elis, that *

See Appendix, No. 12.--- f See Appendix, No. 13.

t In London or Middlesex there are four general rcilicns in the year, bcfidcc lire comer {eliion,.

D 2

by

20

5 C. r. 4*

4*

13^ 14 C. 2 c. iz.

ii 7- r. *7.

Bastards. [1

by the justices in their several counties are by the said Astute Hi limited to be done. p8

If the two next justices make not provision for the bastard, >.« the justices at their quarter sessions shall settle an order for i'Js keeping of the bastard, as the two next justices ought.

Concerning bastards being left to be kept at the charges of M the parish where born, the nvo next justices shall take order uj therein, as well for the punishment of the mother and reputed 'Jj father, as for the relief of the parish. Sij

Every lewd woman, who shall have any bastard, which may -'j| be chargeable to the parish, the justices of the peace shall com. ' mit her to the honfe of correction, there to be punished and set to work, during the term of one whole year; and if file shall ; eftfoons offend again, she is then to be committed to the said house of correction as aforesaid, and there to remain, until lhe ' can put in good fnreties for her good behaviour, not to offend ! ' lb again.

If the putative father or lewd mother of a bastard child run away out of the parish, and leave the bastard children upon the charge of the parish where they were born, although they have estates fuffitient to discharge the parish; it shall be lawful for L the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish to take and seize so much of the goods, and receive so much of the annual rents or profits of the lands of such putative lather or lewd mother, as shall be ordered by any two justices, towards the discharge of the parish, to be confirmed at the sessions, for the bringing np and providing for such bastard child; and 1 thereupon the sessions may make an order for the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish, todisposeof the goods by sale or otherwise, or so much of them for the purposes more, said, as the court shall think fit, and to receive the rents and , profits of the lands, or so much of them as shall be so ordered by the sessions.

If any woman be delivered of a bastard, and (he endeavour j so to conceal the death thereof, as that it may not come to \ light, whether it were born alive or not, but be concealed, (he : shall suffer death as in case of murder, except she can prove, by one witness atleaft, that the child was born dead.

Beer, Ale, Worts, &c.

15 C. 3. r. 73. TJ'ROM July 5, 17SJ, Every person felling beer, ale, or f worts, in a less quantity than in a calk of four gallons and a half, at any one time, shall be deemed a retailer, and shall not be entitled to any allowance for wade by leakage, &c.

Any two or more justices of the peace in England and Scotland respectively, without the limits of the head office of excise,

21

Beer, Ale, Worts, See.

excise, may order an allowance of 22I. for every 252 gallons of tpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, where the duties have been already paid on the dock in hand, between October 22 and November 1, 1784.

Every distiller applying for fudt allowance mull give to the fnpervisor or collector six days notice of his intendon to apply to the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace, that he may attend, and shew what the Hock amounted to in October 1784.

The allowance once ascertained shall never again be examined.

The petition for allowance mull be verified on oath before two of, or two justices, as to the amount of the allowance claimed, the place where the spirits were made, and all other particulars set forth in the petition.

Bent.

A SORT of rulh or Ihrub, growing on the north well coasts 15 c. 2. <. 33.

of England.

If any person, without content of the owner, shall cut, pull up, or carry away any Harr or bent, on complaint thereof on oath to one justice, the offender shall be summoned, and on default of appearing, the justice shall issue his warrant to apprehend and bring him before him; and being convicted on oath of one witness, or confession, he shall forfeit 20s. thalf to the informer, and half to the owner of the bent, by Uiftrefs; and for want of sufficient distress shall be font to the jhouse of correction for three months, to be kept to hard labour ; and for a second offence, be committed to the house correction for one year, to be whipt and kept to hard la-our.

[Bigamy. See Polygamy.]

Black-Act.

t F F E N C E S against this act:

' By persons armed or disguised.

In any forelt, park, or grounds inclosed, wherein deer e or have been kept.

|2. In any warren for hares or conies.

,! 3. In any high road, open heath or common, &c.

§4. Wounding, killing, or Healing red or fallow deer.

. 5. Robbing

9 Ca. 1. e. *1.

Black Act.

j. Robbing any warren for hares or conies.

6. Stealing any fish out of a river or pond.

Bj persons, whelber armed and dfguised, or not.

7. Unlawfully wounding, destroying or Sealing any red or fallow deer, in the king's.forests or chafes inclosed.

8. Breaking down the head or mound of a fish-gond.

9. Maliciously killing, maiming, or wounding cattle.

10. Cutting down or destroying trees planted for ornament, shelter, or profit.

11. Setting fire to any h.onfe, barn, hay.rick, flack of corn, straw, wood, &c.

12. Malicioully {hooting at any person, in an house or j

elsewhere. j

13. Sending a threatening letter, demanding money, or ' any thing valuable.

14. Refcning any person in lawful custody for any of the said offences.

13. Procuring any person, by gift or reward, to join in any such unlawful aft.

16. Maliciously cutting down the bank of any river, or sea-bank.

17. Maliciously cutting any hop-binds growing on poles.

15. Maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal. Sec.

Every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted (in any county in England) shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuifer death as in cases of felony, without be- . nefi: of clergy; but not to work corruption of blood, nor for- , feiture of lands or goods. f

And the inhabitants of the hundred shall make satisfaction ! (not exceeding zool.) for the damages sustained by No. 9, ! 10, 11, 16, 17, 18. — But no person shall be enabled to re- I cover damages, unless he shall, by himself or servant, in two days after the damage done, give notice of the offence; and shall, in four days after such notice, give in his examination' on oath, or the examination on oath of his servant, who had the care of the same, before a justice inhabiting in or near the hundred, whether he knows the person or persons that com- ! mittej the fast, or any of them; and if, upon such examination, it be confessed, that the examinant knows the said person;, or any of them, then such person confclfing, shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute the offender by indictment or othrrwife, according to law. And if an act'enderbe apprehended and lawfully convicted, in six months after the offence committed, the hundred shall not be liable.. And the action shall be commenced within one year after the offence committed. — And if any person shall be killed, or wounded so as to lose an eye, or the use of any limb, in apprehending or securing any such offender, on proof thereof nude a: the leSions, by the persons so wounded, or the executors

23

Black Act.

ecutors or administrators of the party killed, the just ices shall give a certificate thereof, by which they shall be intitled to receive of the sheriff 50I: in 30 days from the time the certificate shall be shewed to him, on pain of forfeiting to the party iol.

Blafpliemy. and Profaneness.

NO person shall have any benefit of the toleration aQ, who shall deny in His preaching or writing, the doctrine of the blessed Trinity, as it is let forth in the 39 articles.

If any person shall in any stage-play, interlude, orihew, jestingly or profanely speak or use the holy name of God, or of Christ .Jesus, or of the Holy Ghost, or uf the Trinity, he shall forfeit iol. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

If any person, having been educated in, or at any timehay-ing made profelfion of the Christian religion in this realm, shall, by writing, printing, teaching, or advised speaking, deny .any one of the Persons in the Holy Trinity to be God; or shall assert or maintain there are more gods .than one; or shall deny the Christian religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures to be of Divine authority; and shall be conyi&ed thereof, in any of the courts at Westminster, of at the assizes, on the oaths of two witnesses, he shall, for the first offence, be incapable to have any office ecclesiastical, civil, ;or military (unless he shall renounce such opinion in the court where he was convicted, within four.months after such conviction) ; and for the second offence, he shall be disabled.to .be-plaintiff, guardian, executor, or administrator, to take any;gift or legacy, or to bear any office, and shall be imprisoned, for.three years. But no person shall1 be prosecuted for any words spoken, unless the information be given to a justice of the peace, within four days after the words spoken, and the prosecution of such offence be within three months after such information.

Books. ;

IT F any book shall be taken, or otherwise loft, out of any A parochial library, any justice may grant his warrant to fearcK for it; and if it shall be found, it shall, by order of g such justice, be restored to the library.

Bread.

1IK. !<£. 1. c. 18.

3 Ja. 1.1. ti.

9 fir to ik c. 31.

7 Amu r. 14.

24

Bread.

;j G.f. :o. T T shall he lawful for the court, or for the person or persons herein authorized to set the assize of bread, to set or ascertain in any place within their jurisdiction, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread, which shall be made for foie, or exposed to foie, and the price to be paid for the same, when and as often as they shall think proper. — Where an assize shall be thought proper to be set, if any person shall offend, and be convicted thereof, by confession or oath of one witness, before any magistrate or justice within the limits of their jurisdiction, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than zos. — If the justices shall, in their sessions, think fit to order that the assize of bread, which shall be set for such a particular hundred or place, may extend to or comprize any other hundred or place, it shall be lawful for them so to do. And an entry shall be made from time to time by the clerk of the market, or other person, of every return by him made ; and also of the rate at which the price, assize, and weight of bread shall be set within his jurisdiction; which book any inhabitant may, at allfeasonable times in the day, inspect without fee. — If any clerk of the market, or other person appointed to make returns, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to do any thing by this act required to be done by him, or shall designedly or knowingly make any false return, he shall, on conviction by oath of one witness, or by confession, forfeit not exceeding iol. nor less than 40s. — If any bread for foie shall be complained of for wanting weight, it shall be brought before some justice within the jurisdiction, and weighed before him within three days after the some shall have been baked, fold, or exposed to folc; and the baker shall forfeit from is. to 5s. for every ounce that is wanting; and from 6d. to zs. 6d. for every deficiency less than an ounce; unless it be made out to the satisfaction of such magistrate or justice, on the behalf of the party complained of, that such deficiency in weight wholly aroie from some unavoidable accident in baking, or otherwise, or was oc-calioned by some contrivance or confederacy.

Id. If information shall be given on oath, to any magistrate or

justice, that there is reasonable cause to suspect, that any mil- j ler or any maker of bread for sale doth mix up any ingredient, ' not the genuine produce of the grain, it shall be lawful for \ any peace-officer, authorized by the warrant of such magistrate! or justice, at all seasonable times in the day-time, to enter! into any house, bake-house, &c. and to search and examine j whether any ingredient shall have been mixed up with, or j put into any meal or flour, whereby the purity of any meal or flour shall be in any wise adulterated: And if any magistrate I

I

Bread.

or justice, to whom any thing seized shall be brought, shall adjudge that any mixture or ingredients shall have been put into such meal or flour; in such case, every such magistrate or justice is hereby required to dispose of the same, as he in his discretion shall think proper.

The mayor of London, or any alderman thereof, within the saidcityor liberties, and one justice within the several counties, ridings, &c. may hear and determine, in a summary way, all offences against this act, and summon before him the party accused; and if he shall not appear, then, on oath made of the offence by one witness, he shall ifl'ue his warrant for apprehending the offender; and shall proceed to enquire of the offence, and to examine any witness or witnesses, who shall be offered on cither side upon oath, and shall convict or acquit the party accused: And if the‘penalty, on such conviction, shall : not be paid within 24 hours after such conviction, such magis-: trate or justice shall iiluc his warrant, directed to any peace-of-I iicer, to make distress; and if any offender iltall.convey away [ his goods out of the jurisdictlionof such magistrate or justice, then some magistrate or justice, within whole jurisdiction the offender shall have removed his goods, shall back the said warrant, and thereupon the penalty shall be levied by distress, and if it be not paid within live days, the distress shall be appraised and fold, rendering the overplus after all the charges, to be ascertained by the magistrate, shall be paid ; and for want of such distress, such offender shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for one calendar month, unless payment shall be sooner made. If any person convicted shall think himselfaggrieved, he may appeal to thenext sessions.

Other regulations have been iince made, altho' no assize is - c. j. c. n. set, and further provisions enacted — Every wheaten loaf shall be marked with a large Roman W; houiliold with a large Ro-j man H; and if any person dial! fell or offer to sale any such loaf larked (except as to such loaves which shall be rasped by desire of the purchaser for his own use) lie shall forfeit for y such loaf, not exceeding 40s. nor less than 103.; milefs tall appear to the satisfaction of the justice to whom com-int shall be made, that the not marking arofc from some un-idable accident, or was occasioned by some contrivance or federacy.

tnd bread made of any other grain than wheat, shall be /,/. rked with some letter or letters not more than two, as the

|Sjause a copy to be put up in some market or other imvn or pub-

;Mc place within the division, or otherwise to be inserted in some (fbubiic newspaper.

luflices in their general, quarter, or special sessions shall order, which order shall be entered in a book; and the justices shall

Of lol. to 403. if the melttr, of 5I. to 203, if the jotirocvmsn ofleods.

E It

Bread. I

It shall be lawful for any justice, or peace-officer authorised \ by warrant of such justice, to enter into any house, bakehouse, j &;c. belonging to any baker or feller of bread; and to search, view, weigh, and try all or any bread which shall be there g found: And if any bread shall, on any search or trial by any !] j uilice, or on proof made before him by the oath of one witness, j j be found to be deficient in weight, or not truly marked, or de- ;i ficient in the due baking or working thereof, or wanting in the goodness of the ituff, or made with any mixture of meal :j or flour of any other grain than the same shall import to be j made with, or with any thing in lieu of flour, or made with f any leaven not allowed by the said former a ft, such justice or peace-oScer may seize the same, and dispose thereof to poor ) persons as to such justice shall seem fit; and the maker or feller j shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s. I

If any person shall obilrufl or oppose any such search, or seizure of such bread, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor !, less than 20s. — No miller, mealman, or baker, shall be capable of acting as a justice in the execution of this act: if he !j do, he shall forfeit 50I. to him who shall inform or sue for the j lame. j

. Whereas by the 31 G. 2. c. 29. and 3 G. 3. c. II. only two j sorts of bread made of wheat are allowed to be made for sale, that is to say, Wheaten and Houshold; and whereas according to the ancient order and custom of the realm, there hath been, from time immemorial, a standard wheaten bread, being the whole produce of the wheat whereof it was made; it is therefore enacted, that from henceforth a bread made of the flour of wheat, which flour, without any mixture or division, shall be the whole produce of the grain, the bran or hull thereof only excepted, and which shall weigh three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it shall be made, may be made and fold, and shall be called and understood to be a Jiandard I'jheaten bread. — And the maker shall mark every loaf thereof with the capital letters S. W. and the same may be made and fold, altho' no nffize be set, of the weight and in the proportion following, viz. — That every ilandard wheaten peck loaf shall weigh 17 lb. 6oz. averdupois; every half peck loaf 81b. noz.; and every quartern loaf 41b. 5I0Z.

The justices, at any general or quarter sessions, may prohibit, for three months, the makers of bread for sale, from making or exposing to sale any other one or more sorts of bread, purporting to be of a superior quality, and ibid at a higher price, than the ilandard wheaten bread aforesaid. — Provided, that no such order of prohibition shall take place,' until one calendar month at least after the date of the making thereof. And the justices shall cause a copy of such order to be put up in some market or other public towa within the dif-

.27

Bread.

trift, or shall cause the same to be inferred in some public newspaper published within such district.

Coarle bread, of a cheaper fort than the standard wheaten, may be fold, at a price under that of houshold bread. — Nothing herein shall extend to prejudice the rights of London, Westminster, and the two Universities.

Bricks and Tiles.

EVERY plain tile shall be toi inches long, 6\ broad, and 17 E<t. 4. e. 4.

half an inch and half a quarter thick: Roof tile, 13 inches long, half an inch and half a quarter thick, with convenient deepness: Gutter tile, and cover tile, toi-inches long, with convenient thickness, breadth, and deepness — If any person shall set to sale any such tile otherwise made, he shall forfeit to the buyer double value of the tile, and make fine and ransom at the king's will; to be recovered by action of debt, with colls. And also the justices of the peace and every of them may hear and determine offences against this act; who shall assess upon the offender no less line than for every 1000 plain tiles 5s. for every too roof tile 6s. 8d. and for every too corner or gutter tiles 2s.

All bricks made for sale, shall, when burned, be not less *73-f* »t*-than eight inches and ahalf long, two inches and a half thick, and four inches wide; and all pantiles, not less than 13 inches and ahalf long, nine inches and a half wide, and half an inch thick: on pain that the maker shall forfeit zos. for every 1000 bricks, and 10s. for every 1000 pantiles — All combinations for enhancing the price of bricks or tiles, shall be void; and every brick-maker or tile-maker offending therein, shall forfeit 20I. and every clerk, agent, or servant, 10I.; half to the poor, and half to him who shall fuein six calendar months in one of the courts at Westminster.

All other penalties and forfeitures, not herein otherwise di-rested, shall be recovered before one justice, within one calendar month, on proof by confession or oath of one witness; to be levied by distress, and distributed half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender dwells; or the justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties shall be sooner paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal within four calendar months, to the general quarter sessions, giving 21 days notice to the .party complained against, and within eight days after such notice entering into recognizance to pay the colls.

E 2

Bridges.

28

9- D. 3. e. I

zz 11. S. c. 5.

Ji C. z. c. nj.

U.

zz H. 8. r. 5.

14 C. z. e. 33.

Bridges.

NO town nor freeman shall be distrained to make bridges nor banks, bnt such as of old time and of right have been accustomed.

The justices, or four of them at the leait, (1 £K) shall have power to esquire, hear, and determine in the general sessions, of all manner of annoyances of bridges broken in the highways, to the damage of the king's liege people, and to make such process and pains upon every presentment, against such as ought to be charged to make or amend them, as the king's bench usually doth, or as it shall seem by their discretion to be necessary and convenient, for the speedy amendment of such bridges.

Mo money shall be applied to the repair of bridges, until presentment be made by the grand jury at the assizes or sessions, of their insufficiency, inconveniency, or want of reparation.

The charges of repairing and amending bridges, and highways at the ends of bridges, shall be paid out of the general county rate.

The four justices, in sessions as aforesaid, may appoint two surveyors, with salaries, to fee the bridges amended.

This business of surveying the bridges, is nfually annexed by the ju ices to theoffice of the high constables.

The justices, at their sessions, may purchase any parcel of land, adjoining or near to any county bridge, for the more commodious enlarging, or rebuilding the same, not exceeding one acre, to be paid for by the treasurer out of the county

rates.

r: G. z. -3. The justices, at their general or quarter sessions, after pre- i fentment made by the grand-jury of their want of reparation, may contract with any person for rebuilding, repairing, and ; amending the same, for any term not exceeding seven years, at a certain annual sum.

Burglary.

Si.n 11. -5. -ryuRGL.-lRY is a felony at common law, in breaking and JD entering the ‘mannon-house of another or outhouses, be-j ing parcel of the messuage, in the night, with intent to commit some felony within the same, whether the felonious intent be executed or not.

X. £. This inchies churches, and the vails and fates of a walled toon.

Burglary. 2 9

Every entrance into the house by a trespasser, is not a break- 3 W" ing in this case. If the door of a mansion-house Hand open, and the thief enter, this is not breaking. If the window of the house be open, and'a thief with a hook or other engine dravv-eth out some of the goods of the owner, this is no- burglary; — butif the thief breaketh the glass of the window, and draweth out the goods, this is burglary.

Opening the casement, or breaking the glass window, pick- i II- II- Sizing open the lock of a door, or putting back the lock or the leaf of a window, or unlatching the door that is only latched, is burglary. J

If any person shall.etiter into the mansion-house of another, ia Ar: c. 7. by day or night, without,breaking the same, with an intent to commit felony, or being in such house.shall commit any felony, and shall in the night time break the said house to get

out, he shall be guilty'of burglary.

If divers come in the night to do a burglary, and one of them 3 hj!. <>4-break and enter, the rest of them Handing to watch, ata distance, this is'burglary in all.

Every person, who shall apprehend any one guilty of bur- 10 S' n If. glary, and prosecute him to conviction, shall have a certificate c' *3‘ without fee, under the hand of the judge, certifying fuchcon-ridlion; and if any dispute arise between several persons so iilcoverir.g or apprehending, the judge.shall.appoint thecer-ificate into so many Ihares to be divided, among the persons roncerned, as to him shall seem just and reasonable. — And- if iny person dial! happen to be flam by such burglar, in endear g-ouring to apprehend him, the executors or administrators of iicli person flain shall have the like certificate; which certifi-nte shall be inrolled by the clerk of the peace of the county.in vliich it shall be granted; for which he shall-have is, and no norc: And the said certificate shall be onccafligned over;, and lie original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, /hall-by irtue ihcrcof be discharged from all manner of pari.fli a.nd ,-ard offices, within the parish and ward where the felony, was

ommitted.

And moreover, on tender of such certificate to the flicriff, nd demand made, lie shall pay to the person so intitled, the 'mof/jol. without fec'or deduction, within one month after ;ch tender and demand, on pain of forfeiting double, with cblc colls.

If any person, being put of prlfon, shall commit any bur-ary, and afterwards discover two or more of the like offen-:rs, so as two or more be conviiiled, lie shall have the reward d allowance of 40I. and also all other advantages which .are iven to persons who shall apprehend and convict any the like ''aiders; and shall also have the king's pardon for all bur-

5 As. OC. 3

5 As.

Burglary.

glaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Burning.

i firo. 105. 1Y /TALICIOUSLY and voluntarily burning the house of lVx another, by night or by day, is felony at the common law.

4. & 5 P. £? M. Every person who shall maliciously command, hire, or coun-r. 4. fel any person, wilfully to burn any dwelling-house, or any part thereof, or any barn then having corn or grain in the same, shall not have the benefit of his clergy.

4; c. 13. Whoever shall wilfully and of malice burn, or cause to be burned, or aid, procure, or consent to the burning of any barn, or Hack of corn or grain, within any of the counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Durefme, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. [See Black Ad] And justices of the peace in sessions may hear and determine the same. If any person shall, in the night time, raali-ciously and willingly burn, or cause to be found any ricks, or Hacks of corn, hay, or grain, barns, or other houses. &c he shall be guilty of felony, but without corruption of blood, or disinheritance of heirs; and the judges of assize, or three jul-tices of the peace (1 <£.) may determine the same, so that the prosecution be within six months: and the said justices, on request of the party injured, shall issue their warrant for ap. prehending all such persons as shall be suspected thereof, and take their examination: and shall cause all others who to them shall seem likely to make discovery, to appear before them, and give information on oath; and if such witness, being duly summoned, shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, they may commit him to the common gaol, till he submit to be examined upon oath ; and they shall ilfuc warrants for summoning jurors; and any person found guilty shall be transported for seven years.

; EJ. 1. r. 13. Such as be taken for house-burningfelonioully done, arenot bailable by justices of the peace.

1 jsee. /. z. If any ship-ollicer or mariner shall wilfully burn the ship to c- 9- which he belongeth, or procure the same to be done, to the

prejudice of the owner of the ship or goods, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

1 C.fi4s. If any person shall set fire to any mill, &c. or shall, by 6C.16. day or by night, in a riotous, open, and tumultuous, or in a secret and clandclline manner, forcibly, or wrongfully and maliciously, burn any wood, or springs of wood, or coppice wood, he shall be guilty of felony.

Anl

Burning.

D

An'd any two justices, or the justices in sessions, may cause 6 g. c. the offender to be apprehended, and hear, and determine and adjudge the offence.

If any person shall set fire to, burn or destroy any gofs, furze, *s c. 2 or fern, in any forest or chase without consent of the owner or person chiefly entrusted with the custody of such forest or chase, and being brought before a justice, shall be thereof convicted byconfession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. half to the informer, and half to the poor; if not forthwith paid, to be levied by distress; and if no sufficient distress can be found, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

If any person shall burn or cause to be burnt, any wain or 37 II. cart, laden with coals, or any merchandize, or any heap of wood prepared, for making coals, or billets, he shall forfeit treble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered by action of trespass: and also 10I. as a fine to the king-If any servant, through negligence or carelessness, shall #A. ( fire or cause to be fired any dwelling house or outhouse or houses, and be thereof convicted on the oath of one witness before two justices, he shall forfeit 100I. to the churchwardens of the parish where the fire shall happen, to be distributed by them to the sufferers, in such proportions as to them shall feern just; and if he do not pay the same immediately on demand to the churchwardens, the said justices shall commit him to some workhouse, or house of correction, for 18 months, there to be kept to hard labour.

Any justice may cause to come before him, all those, who to any of the people, concerning the firing of their houses, have used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people; and, if they shall refuse to find such security, may cause them to be safely kept in the king's prisons, until they shall find such security.

If any person shall fend any letter, without any name sub- 9 c- r feribed thereto, or signed with afiftitious name, threatningto burn any house, outhouse, barn, flack of corn or grain, hay brllraw; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Burying in Woollcn. See Woollen Manufacture.

Butcher.

F any butchers shall conspire not to fell their victuals but - ‘ at certain prices; every such person shall forfeit for the first c' [Offence 10!. to the king, and if not paid in six days, he shall suffer

3*

is.

. r. 19.

S. c. 6. :. 31.

3 FJ. F.

32

; C. c.

1 J

»;t? 74 C-

Butcher.

fnfier twenty days imprisonment, and shall have only bread and water for his sustenance; for the Second oSFence zol. in 'ike manner, or the pillory; and for the third offence 40I. or pillory, and the loss of an ear, and to be taken as a man infamous, and not to be credited in any matter of judgment — And the sessions or leet may determine the same.

If any butcher shall kill or fell any victual on the Lord's day, he Shalt forfeit 6s. Sd. one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor, on conviction before one justice, on his own view, or confession, or oath of two witnesses, to be levied by the constable or churchwarden.

No butcher shall be a tanner or currier, on pain of 6s. 8d. a day.

N. B. This fimulc cf VI. extends to any artificers, ,ami

workv.er. conspiring, upon oath, not to work, but at a certain price cr rate, :r not to work but at certain hours and times.

Butter and Cheese.

EVERY perfor. packing up butter for sale, shall set upon Jj every firkin and calk, when the same is fully seasoned in I] water, a continuing viftble mark of the just weight of the crapty cast:; on pain of forfeiting for every offence the sum of ten Shillings for every hundred weight of butter otherwise I packed, and so proportionably for a greater or lefl'cr quantity; half to the churchwardens and overseers for the use of the poor, and half with double costs to him who shall sue for the same in felTions, within four months, by action of debt, indictment, information, or presentment.

Every kilderkin of butter shall contain 112 pounds, and every firkin 36 peundsneat, orabove; every pound containing 16 ounces, besides the tare of the cask, of good and merchantable butter; and every pot of butter shall contain impounds neat, or above, besides the weight of the pot.

Buttons.

1. XT° r;rf°n ^ or °^tr to fa'e> or import, any foreign t. 1buttons whatsoever; on pain that he, who shall osier 4 V. r. ic. thjm to file, shall forfeit the same and yol. and the Importer j shall forfeit the same and icol. half to the king, and half to I him that (halt sue. — And on complaint and information given to a justice of the peace, he shall idue his warrant to the con- : liable, to enter and search for such manufactures in the (hops being open, or warehouse:, and dwelling houses of such persons as shall be suspected, and to seize the same.

No

Buttons.

33

No person shall make, fell, or set on any buttons made of wood only, and turned in imitation of other buttons; on pain of forfeiting 40s. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record. — No person shall make, fell, or set on, any buttons made of cloth, serge, drugget; frize, camlet, orother (luffsofwhichclothesare usually made; on pain as above.

No tayloror other person shall set on any clothes, any but- $ A- tons or button-holes, made of serge, or other Huffs of which clothes are usually made; on pain of ;I. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue; or on complaint to two justices, they may summon witnesses, and levy the penalty, . and return the overplus, if any be; and if arty person is aggrieved, he may appeal to the nextfeflions.

No taylor or other person shall set on arty clothes, buttons 4 6, 7. made of, or bound with, cloth, &c. (velvet excepted) on pain

of 40s. adozen___To be determined by one j ustice, on oath of

one witness, in three months after the offence; ar.d to be distributed (charges of conviction firllr dedufied) half to the in-i former, and half to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be discovered: if not paid in 14 days, the justice shall issue his warrant to the constable to levy it by distress and sale; and where no sufficient distress can be found, the offender shall be committed to the common gaol to hard labour for three calendar months. — All clothes made with fitch buttons and button holes, exposeii la sale, shall be forfeited.

No person shall use or wear on any clothes (velvet excepted) 7 G.J!> 1* r> t*» any such buttons or button-holes, on pain of 40s. adozen, on conviction by confedion, or oath of one witness; and any juf-ticcof the peace, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall inhabit, shall on complaint or information oh oath, of any credible person, in one month after the offence, r"-imon the party, and on his appearance or contempt, estate the matter; and on due proof by confession, or oath of : witness, convict the offender, and cause the forfeiture by warrant to be levied by distress and sale; the said penalties be half to him on whose oath the party shall be convicted,

1 half to the poor of the parish, where the offence shall be nmitted — And persons aggrieved may appear to the next arter Icffions, giving eight days notice.

Cabbages, Stealing, See Turnips. Cardst See Stamps.

F

Carriers.

Carriers.

ALL persons carrying goods for hire, as mailers and owners of ships, lightermen, Jlage-coachmen, and the like, come under the denomination of common carriers.

The justices, in Easter sessions yearly, shall rate the prices of all land carriage of goods to be brought into any place within their jurisdiction, by any common waggoner or carrier: And no such carrier shall take for carriage above the rates so fee, on pain of 5I. by distress, by warrant of two justices where such waggoner or carrier shall relide, to the use of the party grieved.

Where goods are delivered to a carrier, and he is robbed of them, helhall be charged, and answer for them, byreason of the hire.

If a man delivers goods to a common carrier, to carry to a certain place; if he (oses or damages them, an action upon the case lies against him; for by the cullom of the realm, he ought to carry them safely. — If a person, who is no common carrier, takes upon himself to carry my goods, tho' I promise him no reward, yet, if my goods are loll or damaged by his default, I shall have an action against him.

A delivery to the carrier's servant is a delivery to the carrier; and if goods are delivered to a' carrier's porter, and loll, an action will lie against the carrier.

By the cullom and usage of llage-coaches, every passenger efes to pay for the carriage of goods above such a weight; and in such case, the coachman shall be charged for the loss of goods beyond such weight.

Where goods are llolen from the carrier, he may prefer aa indictment against the felon, as for his own goods.

Carrots. Sec Turnips.

[The penally for Jlealing carrots is the same as that for Jlealing turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, and pease: nchiia are treated of together under the title Turnips.]

Carts, Wains, Waggons, &c. !

EVERY person who shall keep any waggon, wain, cart, j or other such carriage, with three or four wheels, (except such carriages as are now charged with any duty under the management cl the commissioners of excise) shall yield and pay annually the sum of four Hulling, for every such waggon,

35

Carts, Wains, Waggons, &c.

wain, cart, or other such carriage as aforesaid, which shall be expressed in a licence for that purpose. — And every person who shall keep any cart or other carriage, with two wheels (except such carriages as are now charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excile) shall yield and pay annually the sum of two shillings for every such cart or other carriage, which shall be expressed in a licence for that purpose. — Provided, thatnoperson shall be obliged to pay the said yearly sum of four shillings for more than one such carriage employed in agriculture only, nor for more than three such carriages employed for any other purpose, on which the said duty of four shillings is hereby charged, where such waggons, wains, or otherfuch carriages, are kept by him or her, for hisor her own use only, and shall not be ul'ed for the carriage of any goods, wares, ormerchandise, for hire, or to be let out for hire.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any cart or other carriage with two wheels, employed in agriculture only, and not employed in parksorpleafuregrounds, orufed for the carriage of any goods, wares, or merchandise, for hire, or to be let out ior hire.

All prosecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfeitures and offences made and com-initted again!! this act, shall be heard arid determined by any justice of the peace refilling near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made, or- offence committed; and if the party find himself aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, and their judgement therein shall he final: and every fuel) justice is hereby authorised and llriftlvenjoined and required, upon complaint or information, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusal or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary con-session of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment thereupon, and to issue out warrants under his hand for the levying of such forfeiture upon the v;oods and chattels of the offender, and to canfe file to be made, if not redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

'flic said justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate or lessen any such penalty as hemav think fit, so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the colls.

All forfeitures mentioned in this act (all necessary charges [for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the [other moiety to such person or perl'ons, who shall inform and ffuc for the same.

N. B, The owner of every cart, dray, Src. within five niles of Temple liar, or within the bills of mortality, shall F z write

I

Carts, Wains, Waggons, &c.

write his name and place of abode, at the Hackney Coach' Omce, and afix his name, and the number of the carriage, on some conspicuous part thereof, or be subject to all the penalties of the laws relative to owners of carts, &c.

Cattle

NO person shall buy any ox, cow, calf, &c. and fell the same again alive, in the same market, or fair, on pain of lerieiting double, half to the king, and half to him that shall

luc. ----- This is not repealed by 12 G. 3. c. 71.

If any person shall feloniously drive away, or steal, or shall wilfully kili any ox, bull, cow, calf, lleer, bullock, hei-fer, iheep, or lamb, with a felonious intent to steal the whole carcase, or any part thereof, or shall alSft in committing any such offence, he shall be guilty of .felony, without benefit of

clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecute to conwciion any offender, shall have tol. reward; to be.paid by the sheriff, within a month, on his producing a certificate from tile j ndge. — — See aljis Black Act.

Any peace officer may feenre persons driving cattle through the streets of London, or V/estminster, or the liberties thereof, &c. in an improper manner. If the party be convified before a justice, he shall forfeit from 5s. to 205. to the prosecutor; or be committed to the house of correction, &c. for one month. The same penalty against the owner or his servant. — Any justice within the bills of mortality may determine complaints of offences against any rules to be made by the court of aldermen. In pursuance ofthisact, the said justice is hereby authorized and reoaired upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, within six days after the comir.ilfian of any such offence, to issue his warrant under his hand and leal, to apprehend such offender or offenders ; and if the party be convicted, he may fine him, and the offender not paying the penalty, may be committed tQ the house of correction, to hard labour, for any time not ex-cee sing me calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture shall be former paid ; which shall be paid to the person or persons who shall in form, and prosecute to conviction any such off-nder or offenders. — Offenders, who refuse to discover their names and places of abode, shall be committed to the common gael for one month, or until he, she, or they, shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said justice, or to some other justice of the peace of the said county or place. — An abstrafl of the penalties contained in this act, and of all roles, &c. shall be made by the court of aldermen, and be printed and affixed upon the most conspicuous places within the said cities of London and Westminster,

ani

37

Cattle.

and liberties thereof. — No person shall suffer any punishment for any offence committed against this atl, unless the prosecution for the same be commenced within fourteen days. — Persons aggrieved ma; appeal to the quarter sessions, giving 14 days notice.

Certiorari.

A CERTIORARI is an original writ, issuing out of the court of chancery, or the king's bench, directed in the king's name to the judges or officers of inferior courts, commandingthem to certify, or to return the records of a cause depending before them, to the end the party may have the more fare and speedy justice, before the king or such justices as he shall assign to determine the cause.

The justices of the peace may deliver or fend into the king's bench, indictments found before them, or recognizances of the peace taken before them, or force recorded by them, without any certiorari.

A certiorari lies in all judicial proceedings, in which a writ of error does not lie; and it is aconsequence of all inferior jurisdictions erected by act of parliament to have their proceedings returnable in the king's bench.

And therefore a certiorari lies to justices of the peace, even in such cases which they, are impowered by llarutc finally to hear and determine.

If a certiorari for the removal of an indictment before justices of the peace be not delivered, before the jury be sworn for the trial of it, the justices may proceed.

No certiorari shall be granted, to remove any convidlioa, judgment, &c. unless it is applied for in six calendar months, and six days notice are given to the justices, to Ihevv cause, if they think fit, against issuing the certiorari.

If a ftperfedeas come out of a superior court, to the justices, they ought to surcease, altho' the fuptrfeitas be awarded again!! iaw; for they are not to dispute the command of a superior icouri, which is a warrant to them.

1 F.very return of a certiorari ought to be under seal. — And liitho' the ctiflot rmtihrum keep the records, yet mult the justices to whom it is dirqiled, return the certiorari; and therefore if lit it directed to the justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace only return it, nothing is thereby removed.

9 A return was in paper (andnot upon parchment); and for that reason was held by the court not good.

I Upon a certiorari to remove an indictment of a riot, orforci-|b!e entry, or the like, the return mull have tnefe words, as 9rip to hear and determine divers felonies, &c. according to the Scommission; for if the return mentions only that they are juf-itices of the peace, without such words, the return is infuffi-iciant, l'or

Dali. e. 195. Jt.Tjrm.469,580.

z Haw. 286.

£ Haw. 294,

j G. z. c. j8.

Crem. 1:9.

£ Haw. £54.

I

lEditlardtJ} 113 Dalt. c. 195.

38

x Ujxj. iSS.

33H.S. f. 1.

Certiorari.

For the mode of return of a certiorari (a matter not often before a Single magistrate) See Burn, vol. 1. p. 5:8. ed. 15.

Cheat.

CHEATS, which are punishable by the common latv, may in general be described to be deceitful practices, in de. frauding, or endeavouring to defraud, another of his known right, by means of some artful device, contrary to the plain rules of common honesty.

if any person shall falsely and deceitfully obtain, or get into his hands or possession, any money, goods, &c. of any other person, by colour, and means of any false privy token, or counterfeit letter, &c. and shall be convicted thereof, by examination of witnesses, or confession, at the assizes or fclli-ons, or by action in any court of record, he shall have such punishment by imprisonment, pillory, or other corporal pain (except death) as the court shall appoint. Saving to the j party grieved such remedy, by action or otherwise, for the ; goods lo obtained, as he might have had by the common law. > And two justices (1 ij.) may call and convent, by process or otherwise, to the adizes or sections, any person suspected, and : commit or bail him to the next assizes or sections.

All persons obtaining goods, money, or merchandize, by false pretences, shall be deemed offenders again!! the law, and the public peace; and the court, before whom any such offender shall be tried, shall, on conviction, order them to be put in the pillory, or publickly whipped, or to be transported, as icon as conveniently may be, for seven years. — And if the party, charged as being the offender, shall be committed to prison, or admitted to bail, to answer the matters complained of at the next ledlnns or assizes, the judice shall bind over the profacutor to appear and prosecute such offender with cd'etlj and if such goads, so fraudulently obtained, appear to such juf-tree to exceed the value of 20I. the recognizance shall be in not less than double the value of the goods.

Fir further particulars, fee Pawning.

Chelsea-Pensioners.

ALL out-penffoners (as well letter-men as others) belonging to Chelsea hospital, and living at a greater dillancf than 25 miles from London, after every 25th day of June and December, till further orders, are required forthwith to apply themselves to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in thi

neighbourhood

"WSSSWBI

Chelsea-Pensioners.

neighbourhood where they reside, and make the following affidavit, which the said magistrate will sign and date viz.

' came before me one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for the county of and made oath that

he teas admitted an out-pcnjioner of Chelsea-College, on the lay of 17 front the regiment of commanded by was then aged about years.- —

The said served in the army years; was

discharged for and is no otherwise provided for by the

Government, but as a pensioner of the said College; and now lives in the parish of in the county of Sworn before me

this day of 17 To he put in a cover, and

dircHed to the Right Hon. the Paymaster General, Herse-Guards, London.

A duplicate or counterpart of the said affidavit so signed nd dated, is to be reserved by the ont-pensioners, and exhibited to the persons appointed to pay them.

N. B. As it is probable that this matter may frequently come before a magistrate, the Editor has thought the above might with propriety be inserted for his satisfaction, tho' not under the fanflion of a public act.

39

Candles.

Li.

[0 person residing within the limits of the head office of *5 G. 3. excise in London, shall make candies, unless he occupy tenement of 10I. per annum, and pay parish rates for the Same; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to th u rch and poor.

I)y 8 Ann. i. 9, monthly entries were to be made in London bnd Wellminilcr, and entries every six weeks elsewhere, by all nakers of candles; which clauses arc repealed; and by this ifl, All persons making candles shall every week make a true entry of the candles made within each week, at the next office of excise, on pain of forfeiting zol. and they shall pay find clear off all duties within one week after such entry is pade.

Six hours' notice within, the limits of the head office of cx-iife in London, and twenty-four hours' notice elsewhere shall |c given, before any chandler begins making candles, on pe-lalty of 50I. if such notice is not given, andthcmakingmnll : begun within three hours of the time mentioned in the said lotice, or the notice is null and void.

J If any officer of excise shall difeever that the making of can-Bcs is privately carried on, without notice given, and lie shall pfeortr any person knowingly affilling therein, every person p discovered shall forfeit 20I. over and above all penalties that pc proprietor or maker of such candles shall be liable to; the

offender

U.

Li.

40

Candles.

offender to be ffopt, detained, and conveyed by the said of ficer of excise, and all other persons afling in his aid, before one or more justice or julVices of the peace, who, on confession, or proof by the oath of one or more credible witness. may convict the persons so discovered, who shall immediately pay the said 20I. into the hands of the officer, or shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for two months from the day of such conviction. The penalty and time ofim-prisonment to be doubled for rhe second offence.

One moiety of the penalties imposed by this act, shall be to his Majesty, the other to him or them that shall inform, discover, or lue for the same. The action or suit mult be commenced within three months, with treble costs to the dc. fendant, if the verdict shall pass in his or their favour.

Church and Church-Yard.

17 Cir. s. c. 3.

13 El. 1.

5 e? 6 El. 6. c. 4.

I Bis. 94.

IN cities and towns corporate, the bishop (with the consent of the mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and of the patron) may unite two churches or chapels; and make order, with the like consent, that the patrons present by turns, having regard to the value of the livings united; and the incumbents thereof shall be graduates.

No fairs nor markets shall be kept in church-yards.

If any person shall, bywords only, quarrel, chide, or brawl, in any church or church-yard, the ordinary (on proof of two witnesses) may suspend every layman, being an offender, c,1 ingrcj/it ecd'fia; and every clergyman from the minidration of his office, (o long as he shall think meet. — If any shall finite, or lay violent hands on another in any church or church-yard, he shall b: deemed, ipso facio, excommunicate, and be excluded from the feilowfltip and company of Christ's congregation. And if convicted thereof, or even of drawing any weapon with intent to (Irike, by verdict of 12 men, or confedior, or by two witnesses, before the judges of assize, or justices of the peace in their sections, he shall be adjudged to have onec! his cars cut off; c.r.d if he have no tars, he shall be burned in the check with a hot iron, having the letter F. whereby!.: may be known and taken for a fray-maker and fighter; act he shall also stand, ipso fa3o, cxcoa'.municate.

He, who deals goods belonging to a pnrifli church, may lx indicted for dealing the goods of the parishioners.

Churchwardens

Churchwardens.

CHURCHWARDENS shall be chosen annually in Rafter Cm. Si,.

week, by the joint consent of the minister and parishi-or.ers; or the minister shall chuse one, and the parishioners another.

But if there is a cullom for the parishioners to chuse both, that custom shall continue;

A counsellor or attorney ought not to be choseri church- 2 Sill's Al>r. warden; and if he is, he may have a prohibition, byreason of -I--his attendance on the courts at Westminster.

Apothecaries; who have served seven years, shall be ex- 6 IK c. 4. empted from the office of churchwarden.

Freemen of the corporation of surgeons in London are ex- iS c. 2. r. 15. empted.

Also dissenting teachers or preachers, id holy orders, or 1 IK c. 1$. pretended holy orders.

Allpersons, who have prosecuted a felon to conviction, and 10 6' 11 IK the iirlt assignee of the certificate thereof, are exempted. c- 23-No private man, personally serving for himself in the mill- a G. 3. c. 20; during the time of such service, shall be liable to serve as

:r to which; public notice of a vestry ought to be given the day before, either irt the church after divine service is ed, or else at the church-door as the parishioners come out.

'hose that pay no church rates, shall have no vote in affairs f-7-

ting to it, except it be the rc&or or vicar.

t is most convenient, that every parish aft there be entered ?<"' L- 55-he parish book of accounts, and every man's hand consent-to it be set thereto; fot then it will be a certain rule for churchwardens to go by:

she rates for the repair of the church shall be laid upon 5 67.

ry occupier of lands in the parish, altho' such occupier live another parish.

If any person find himself aggrieved at the inequality of the D'SS'1 " ;tTment, his appeal mud be to the ecclesiastical judge.

If any refuse to pay the rates, being demanded by the church- Cilf. 119. irdcns, they are to be sued for in the ecclesiastical courts. ^riZ' >7*' .

A quaker, refuling to pay church rates; may be sued, as '

ter parishioners, in the ecclesiastical court; or he may be

rchwarden.

. person chosen churchwarden, refuling to take his office. Gilt. 243. oath, may be excommunicated for the reftifal; and no tibition will lie.

'he rates mud be made with the consent of the major part 5 c'- c7-he parishioners, housekeepers, or occupiers of land. — In ^ar‘

G

42

43« Gi:j» 243*

29 C. 2. 7.

CiR. 92.

I £/. r. 2.

4 .4:. f. 34. Car. 29.

Car* so*

9 & xo /r. r. 27.

Cm. Sg.

Churchwardens. I

prosecuted before the justices of the peace, in the same manner as for his tithes. ;

The foil and freehold of the church is the parson's; the use ; of the body of the church, and the repair of it, common to the parishioners, and the disposing of the feats the right of the j ordinary. 1

Every churchwarden is an overseer of the poor, although ! every 07erfeer of the poor is not a churchwarden.

The churchwardens' oath, as agreed on between the civili. ans and common lawyers:

f V-v (kail swear truly and faithfully to execute the office of a churchwarden nuithinyour parish, and according to the heft of your skill and knowledge, present such things and persons, as to your knowledge are frefentable by the laws ecclesajlicat of this realm. —

Sc help ecu God, and the contents of this hook.

The churchwarden (or the constable) shall levy the penalties for persons exercising their worldly calling on the Lord's day. _ - I

The churchwardens shall fee that the parishioners resort to j church, and continue there orderly, during divine service; ] and shall present the defaulters. ]

They shall levy the forfeiture of izd. a Sunday, on the ] goods of persons not coming to church. |

They shall colleflmoney on charity briefs, on pain of scl. They shall not suffer any idle persons to abide either in the church-yard or church porch, during the time of divine service, or preaching; but shall cause them to come in, or to depart.

They shall, at the charge of the parish, with the advice and direSion of the minister, provide bread and wine against the communion.

They shall carry hawkers and pedlars trading without licence, before a juliice of the peace.

At the end of the year, or within a month after at mod, they shall, before the miniller and parishioners, atavellry, give up a just account of such money as they have received, and also what they have particularly bellowed in reparations, and otherwise, for the use of the church; and shall deliver up to the parishioners the money and parish goods in their hands, to hi delivered over by them to the next churchwardens.

Clergy.

43 Ei. c. z. y^LERGYMEN are liable to the poor rates, for their glcb: and tithe.

at H. S. e. 13. j\*0 clergyman shall take to farm any lands (except he have

not sufficient glebe for the expences of his houshold); on pain of icl. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue. — No clergyman shall buy to fell again any cattle, corn,

cr

43

Clergy.

or any merchandize; on pain of treble value, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue: and the contract shall be void.

Benefit of Clergy.

ANCIENTLY princes and Hates, converted to C'hrlftia-nity, did grant to the clergy very bountiful privileges and exemptions; and particularly, an exemption of their persons from criminal proceedings, in some capital cases before secular judges; which wasthe true original of the benefit of clergy. — But this claim of exemption grew so burdensome, that it was from time to time qualified and abridged by the civil power; and therefore, if they were indicted in cases criminal, but not capital, nor wherein they were to lose life or limb, there the privilege of clergy was not allowed; and therefore not in indictments of trespass or petit larceny. — Alfoit was not allowed them in high treason.

If the statute enacts generally, that it shall be felony without i If. ir. -jj, benefit of clergy, or that he shall suffer as in case of felony . without benefit of clergy, this excludes it in all circumstances, and to all intents.

When any person shall be convicted of any felony within the >9 G. j. c. 74. benefit of clergy, for which he shall be liable to be burned in the hand, the court may, if they think fit, inltcad thereof! impose upon the offender a moderate pecuniary fine; or other, wife, instead of such burning, in any of the cases aforesaid, except manslaughter, may order the offender to be once oroft-ner, but not more than thrice, either publickly or privately whipped, such private whipping to be in the presence of not less than two persons, besides the offender and the officer who inflicts the same; and in case of female offenders, in the presence of females only. — Provided, that this shall not extend to deprive the court of the power now vested in them, of detaining such offender in prison for any time not exceeding one year, or of committing him to the house of correction or other public workhouse, to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than six months, nor exceeding two years.

A person admitted to his clergy, forfeits all his goods that he s Um jj. .33, hath at the time of the conviction. — But presently upon his j burning in the hand, he ought to be reltored to the possession I of his lands, and from thenceforth to enjoy the profits thereof.

H And it is holden, that after a man is admitted to his clergy, 1 ,JW !5J' 1 itis actionable to call him'felon; becaufehis offence being par-8 doned by the statute, all the infamy and other consequences of 9 it are discharged. 1

1 Gt

Clerk

Clerk of the Peace,

THE cujlos ntahrvn shall appoint an able and sufficient

__ person, redding in the county or division, to execute the

office of clerk of the peace.

Bat shall not fell the place of clerk of the peace, or take any bond or other assurance to receive any reward, fee, or profit, dire illy or indirectly, for such appointment.

Every clerk of the peace, before he enters upon the exe-cation of his ofice, shall in open sessions take the oath follow; ing:

" I, A. B. do swear, that I have not, nor will pay any " sum or sums of money, or other reward whatsoever, nor " given any bond or other assurance to pay any money, fee, " or profit, directly or indirectly, to any person or persons whomsoever, for such nomination and appointment: So " help me God."

He thall moreover take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, and perform the other requisites, as other persons tvho qualify for offices.

. The clerk of the peace shall certify into the king's bench, the names of such as be outlawed, attainted, or convicted of

felony.

He shall deliver to the Ihcriff, within twenty days after September 29, yearly, a perffl estreat or schedule of all fines, and other forfeitures in sessions. — And shall also yearly, onot before the second Monday after the morrow of All Souls, deliver into the court of exchequer, upon oath, a perfect duplicate, and certificate, of all such ellreats and schedules deli; verei to the (herifts; on pain of 50I. half to the king, anil h.ilf to him that shall sue.

If any clerk of the peace shall misdemean himself in tht execution of his place, and thereupon a complaint and charge in writing of such misdemeanor shall be exhibited again!! him, to the jufiisesin sessions, the said justices may, on examination and due proof thereof openly in the said sessions, suspend or discharge him from the said office; and in such case, the cujk: r-.::-', ru..i fit dl appoint another able and sufficient person, redding in the said county ordivision, to be clerk of the peace. And in case of refusal or neglect to make such appointment, hefi-re tit- next general quarter sessions, the justices in sessions may appoint one.

Conches

45

Coaches.

FOR every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calaSi with 16 G. 3. r. 34.

four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, kept by any person for his own use, or employed in carrying passengers for hire, shall be paid yearly the sum of yl.

All the said rates and duties, and all forfeitures and offences, shall be determined by the commissioners of excise (or of appeals, in case of appeaj) within the limits of the chief office in London ; and elsewhere, by two justices near; who shall, on complaint upon oath, summon the party ; and, on his appearance or contempt, may examine the fact, and on proof thereof either by confession, or oath of one witness, give judgment, and issue warrants for levying penalties by dilirefsand sale (if not redeemed in (4 days); which shall be employed (all necessary charges first dedufled*) half to the use of the king, and half to the informer: And for want of sufficient distress, they may imprisonthe party till satisfaction is made.

But if the justices will proceed, or shall be compelled by mandamus, or otherwise, fotodo; they mull re'memberwithal, that by the 27 G. 2. c. 20. they may not order the distress to be detained more than eight days, nor less than four.

Persons aggrieved by the determination of the justices, may appeal to the next quarter sessions.

This act is entitled an act for transferring the receipt and *5 c. 3,47, management of certain duties therein-mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the of of stamps respectively, to the of for the affairs of taxes.

For every coach, landau, or other four wheeled carriage,

(except hackney coaches) shall be paid from July 5, 178;, thcfumofyl. per annum; For every calalh, chaise, or other carriage, with two or three wheels, 3I. 10s, per annum.

The duties to be no longer under the management of of of excise and of (lamps, but under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes.

Coach-Makers,

EVERY coach-maker in Great-Britain is required to take 15 G. 3. out a licence annually, payingzos. for the same.

No coach, chaise, &c. is to be made (on a penalty of iol.)

|till the maker has taken opt such licence either at the excise- 1

1 Th: same diffribution shall he mads of the penalties for other offences of [t'-i kinJ, in the atticlcs of Candles, Tea, Coffer, Class, Sec,

office

r.49.

46

Coach-Makers.

office In London, or under the hands and feats of the collector; and fnpervifors of excise in their respective districts, to whom the dudes (halt be paid: In Scotland, either at Edinburgh, or where the of of excite in Scotland thall appoint.

The licence is to be renewed ten days before the expiration of thepreceding one.

Not more than one licence is to be taken out for one house.

On the death of any licensed coach-maker, the executors, wife, or child, may aft, by virtue of such licence to the ex-piration of the term.

A duty of aos. is to be paid-for every four-wheeled, and of 105. for every two-wheeled carriage, made for sale; and as account is to be delivered by every coach-maker, on oath, every § fx weeks, of every carriage made and fold; and all the duties for such carriages shall be paid oiF to the commitfsoners, if in London or Edinburgh; and in other places, to the collector or superviforof excise within the ditlrift (who is hereby empowered to administer the oath) on penalty of such coach-maker's forfeidng ;oI.

The penalties and forfeitures are to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or if incurred ie Scotland, in the courts of Exchequer there. — To be determined, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, by any three or more of of excise; and in case of appeal by the of of appeals for the time being, whose judgment shall be final; in all other parts of Great-Britain by two neighbouring ju dices: from whom the party aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. The commil-oners and justices on complaintor information upon oath, which -they are hereby authorised to administer, are to summon the ' party accused, and on the appearance or contempt of the per-foa so fumtnoned, upon due proof by one of more credible witness, to hear, and give judgment thereon, and issue warrants of distress, if need be, and cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within 14 days, rendering the overplus, if any, 0; imprison the party offending till satisfaction be made.

The duties appointed by this act, as well on licences, asoa carriages newly made, are to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer.

No action or suit shall be commenced, but within three months next after the offence, nor any where but in the same county, and treble costs shall be allowed the defendant, if the verdict shall be given in his favour.

N. B. No direction seems given in this act for the application of the penalties; nor any recomper.ee assigned to the person bringing forward a complaint or information.

Coal;,

Coals,

IF after the admeasurement thereof by the commissiotiersapi 15G. 3-c.

pointed for that purpose, the marks shall be removed or altered j every person who had a hand in or was privy to the doing thereof, shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit 10I. by distress, half to the king, and half to the discoverer; and for want of distress, shall be committed to the common gaol for three months.

17-

Coin.

ONE justice, on complaint upon oath that there is just " 0.3. e. 40.

cause to suspect, that any person hath been concerned in counterfeiting the copper monies of this realm, may by his warrant cause the dwelling house, room, workshop, &c. belonging to such suspected person, to be searched for tools and implements for coining such copper monies: and if any such tools or implements shall be found hid or concealed.in any place so searched, it shall be lawful for any person whatsoever discovering the same, to seize such tools or implements, and carry the same forthwith to a justice, who shall cause. the same to be secured and produced in evidence against any person, - ,

who shall be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid; and after they shall have been produced in evidence, the same, and all other so seized, shall forthwith, by order of the court, or by order of the justice, if there shall be no trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such court or justice shall direct.

If any person shall, for gain, impair, diminifti, or falftly, >2 El. t. 1. , the proper coin of this kingdom, he shall be guilty of treason.

If any person shall colour, gild, or case over with gold or 2 Sf 9 7T. r.a6. silt er, any coin resembling the current coin of this kingdom,

Iie, his aiders and abettors, shall be guilty of high treason. —

Prosecution to be in three months.

If any person shall wash, gild, or colour, any ftlver coin, to 15 16 G. 1.

nake it resemble a guinea or half guinea, he, his counsellors, c* *8, iders, and abettors, shall be guilty of high treason. — Prose-ution to be in six months.

If any person shall counterfeit gold or ftlver, that is not the tiEt-c- 3-. . roper coin of this realm, he, his procurers, aiders, and ibctters, shall be guilty ofmifpriflon of high treason.

If any person shall bring false money into the realm know- *5 EJ;.j.az, ng the same to be false, in deceit of the king and his people;

1* shall be guilty of high treason.

If

4S

y&SJT.r.ig.

6g?7JT. c.i7.

}C. 3. c. 37.

i&iolf'. c.ti.

13C.3.C.71.

3 Ed. 1. r. l«. lE. B 372.

t E. B. 31S.

r-s.

Coin.

If any press for coinage shall be found in the custody 61 any person (other than the officers of the Mint) it shall be seized for the king's use; and every person, in whole custody such press shall be found, shall forfeit 500I, half to the king, and half to the informer.

If any person shall buy or fell, and knowingly have in his custody or possession, any clippings or filings of the current coin of this kingdom, he shall forfeit the same, and also 500I. half to the king, and half to the informer; and shall be branded on the right cheek with the letter R; and be imprisoned till the payment of the 500I.

The warden of the company of goldsmiths, with two of the court of assistants within the bills, and two justices elsewhere, may enter into the house, room, or workshop of any person suspected, and with the help of a constable may break open any door, box, &c. to search for bullion fitfpefled to be concealed ; and, if found, they shall seize the same, and the person in whole possession it shall be found: And the said wardens; assistants, and constables, shall carry him before the next juf. tice, which one justice within the bills, and the said two justices elsewhere, may examine him; and if he shall not prove by the oath of himself. or of a credible witness, that it is lawful silver, and was not before melting current coin, nor clippings thereof, he shall be committed; and if on his trial he shall not prove the same by one witness, he shall be imprisoned six months. i

If any churchwarden or overseer-of the poor, or person an- : thorized by him, shall make any payments to the poor in any base or counterfeit money; one justice, on corilpiaint, may summon the offender, and on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not less than los. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to he applied to the use of the poor.

Any person to whom any silver or gold money shall be tendered, that he shall suspect to be counterfeit, may cut, break, or deface such piece; and if it shall appear to be a counterfeit, the person tendering the same, shall bear the loss thereof; but if the same shall appear to be lawful money, the person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall receive the same at the value it was coined for. And if any question arise, whethe: the piece so cut be counterfeit, it shall be determined by the next justice of the peace, or chief magistrate in a corporation.

Persons taken for coining false money are not bailable by justices of the peace. — But they mull take the examinations and informations, and bind over the witnesses to the proper court; and commit the persons accused;

It is not necessary there should be two witnesses in cases of counterfeiting the coin, as it is in other high treasons; but persons may be convicted by one witness only,

WhocYtr

Coin.

Whoever shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any person, that hath counterfeited, clipped, or diminished any of the current [gold or silver] coin of this realm, or hath altered shillings and sixpences to make them resemble guineas and half guineas; or halfpennies and farthings, to make them look like shillings and (ixpences, or hath brought into this kingdom any dipt, false, or counterfeit coin, shall have a re. ward of 40I. — In order to which, the judge shall give him, under his hand, a certificate certifying the conviction.

In like manner a reward of 10I. shall be paid, for ap. prehending and convicting a counterfeiter of the copper money.

If any person being out of j>rifon, shall be guilty of clipping, coining, or diminishing the [gold or silver] coin of this realm, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted; he (Hall have the king's pardon, and if he is an apprentice, he shall be made a freeman.

If any person being out of ptilon, shall be guilty of altering sixpences or shillings, to make them look like half guineas or guineas; or altering farthings or halfpennies, to make them look like sixpences or shillings; or of counterfeiting brass or copper halfpennies or farthings; or of uttering false money, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have committed any of the said crimes, (o as they be convicted, he shall have the king's pardon.

A sum not exceeding 600I. may be annually issued from the Treasury, for the prosecution of offenders respecting coin.

Commitment.

PERSONS apprehended for offences which are not bailable, and also all persons who neglect to offer bail for offences, which are bailable, mull be committed. — Wheresoever a jiillice is impowered by any statute to bind a person over, or to cause him to do acertain thing, and such person being in his presence shall refuse to be bound,or to do such thing, t'nejustice may commit him to the gaol, to remain there till he shall comply.

If a prifo'ner be brought before a j uflice, expressly charged with felony upon oath, the justice cannot discharge him, but mud bail or commit him. But if he be charged with fufpi-cion only of felony, yet if there be no felony at all proved to be committed, or if the fact charged as a felony be in truth no felony in point of law, the j uflice may discharge him. But if a mm be killed by another, tho' it be by misadventure, or H i»

49

6£f 7 W. c. 17. 15G. 2. r. 20.

15 £>. a. c. sS.

15 G. 2. c. 2$.

7 Amu c. 24.

2.

c. 28.

2 Haw* 116.

-lit.II, 111*

5°

Commitment.

in self-defence, the judice ought not to discharge him, for he mail undergo his trial for it; and therefore he mult be committed, or at lead bailed.

D/tt. :-o. But commitment by the justices of the peace alraoft in all cases (except for the peace, good behaviour, felony, or higher offences) is but to retain the party till he hath'made fine to the king; and therefore, if he offer to pay it, or find fareties by recognizance to pay it, he ought not to be committed, but to be delivered presently.

5 J/.4. c. ic. All felons shall be committed to the common goal, and not

elsewhere.

6 G. 1. c. 19. But vagrants, and other criminals charged with small of-

fences, may, for want of sureties, be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices in their judgment shall think proper. And they may commit other offenders to the flocks, or other custody, by particular statutes.

a; G. 5. c. ji. By this act a power is giver, to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, to commit either to the common gaol, or to any house of correction, within his or their respective jurisdictions, as to such justice or justices shall seem most proper, vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with or convicted of small offences, as by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, he or they is or are, or shall be authorized to commit to the common gaol.

zt,G.z. c. 5;. If a person is apprehended, upon a warrant indorsed, in another county, for an offence not bailable, or if he shall not there find bail, he shall be carried back into the first county, and be committed (or if bailable, bailed) by the justices in Inch first county.

a Kjw. 119. The commitment mull be in writing, either in the name of the king, and only attelled by the person who makes it, or it may be made by such person in his own name, expressing his oSce or authority, and mull be directed to the goalcr, or keeper of the prison.

1H. H. 57;. It should contain the name and surname of the party committed, if known; and if not known, if may be sufficient to describe the person by his age, fiature, complexion, colour of his hair, and the like, and to add that he refuseth to tell hi: name.

s Hra. 1:0. ^ safe, but not necessary, to set forth, that the party i:

charged upon oath.

z Irf:.It ought to contain the cause, as for treason, or felony, or suspicion thereof.

- 591* A warrant or mittimus to answer to such things as shall bt

objected against him, is utterly against law.

It

BttSBSg

Commitment. 51

It ought to contain the certainty of the cause; if it be for » jj. K2.

felony; it ought to be for felony; for the death offuth an one, or for burglary in breaking the house of such an one.

If it is for felony, it mult be to detain him till he be thence . u. n. 113. delivered by law, or by order of law, or by due course of law.

A commitment grounded on an act of parliament, ought to Hozo. Net 33. be conformable to the method prescribed by it. Thedifference is, where a man is committed as a criminal, and where only for contumacy; in the lirlt case, the commitment mult be until discharged according to law; but in the latter, until he comply.

Where a statute appoints imprisonment, without limiting Dolt. e. 170. the time, the prisoner mult remain at the discretion of the court.

It mult be under seal; and without this, the commitment is iJ/. J/. 5S3. unlawful.

But this mud not be intended of a commitment by the lef- 1H, II. 584. fions, or other court of record; for there the record itself, or the memorial thereof, which may at any time be entered of record, is a sufficient warrant, without any warrant under

seal.

It should also set forth the place at which it is made, that it . Him. 119; may appear to be within the jurisdiction ok the justice.

It mull also have a certain date, of the year and day. z H. II. 113.

Every person who shall be committed to the common or usual 3 J- ,0-gaol, by any justice of the peace, the said person having means or ability thereunto, shall bear his own reasonable charges, and the charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard him to such gaol: and if any such person shall refuse to defray the said charges, then such justice shall, by writing under his hand and seal, give warrant to the constable of the hundred, or constable of the township where such person shall be dwelling and inhabit, to fell such and so much of the goods and chattels of the said person so to be committed, as by the discretion of the said justice shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy i and pay the charges of such'his conveying and fending to the said gaol; the appraisement to be made by fourof thehouell inhabitants of the parish where such goods shall be; the overplus to be delivered to the party.

When any person, not having goods or money in the county zjC.z. 3. where he is taken, sufficient to bear the charges of himselfand of those who convey him, is committed to gaol, or to the house of correction, by warrant (rom a justice, then on application, by the constable or other officer who conveyed him, to any justice for such county or place, such justice shall upon oath examine into and ascertain the reasonable expences, and shall without fee by his warrant order the treasurer to pay the same. But in Middlesex, the same shall be paid by the over-fters of the poor of the parish where the person was apprehended.

H 2 By

50

iZJ-l. c. 10.

Dz!:.!. 170.

3JT.

z 7i?z. III.

15 £f C.

£. i.

Commitment.

By the isW «r/a,- aft, the charges of conveying an offen. deris limited not to exceed izd. a mile.

If the gaoler shall refuse to receive a felon, or take anything for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same, by the justices of gaol delivery.

Bat if a man be committed for felony, and the gaoler will not receive him, the constable moil bring him back to the town where he was taken; and that town shall be charged with the keeping of him, until the next gaol delivery.

The lheriiF or gaoler shall certify the commitment to the next gaol delivery.

A person legally committed for a crime, certainly appear, ing to hare been done by some one or other, cannot be law. faliy discharged by any one but the king, till he be acquitted on his trial, or have an igncramai found by the grand jury, or none to profecnte him on a proclamation for that purpose by the justices of goal delivery.

Common Prayer.

WHERE an incumbent resides upon his living, and keeps a curate, the incumbent himself (not having lawful impediment to be allowed by the bishop) shall at Ieall once a month openly and publicly read the common prayer, and (if there be occasion) administer the sacraments, and other rites of the church; on pain of 5I. to the poor, on conviction byconfession, or oath of two witnesses, before two justices; and in default of payment in ten days, the same to be levied by the churchwardens or overseers by distress and sale, by war-yant of such justices.

Confession.

- Ifcw- -9- TT seems that the confcSion of the defendant taken upon aa JL examination before justices of the peace, or in discourf: with private persons, may be given in evidence against the party confeiling, but not against others. ' ‘

Conspiracy.

rj8> T>V the common law, all confederates whatsoever, wrong.

fl fully to prejudice a third person, are highly criminal. ' ;; hi. t. ,5.And by statute, conspirators are they, that do confederate or bind themselves by oath, covenant, or other alliance, that every

of

1

53

Conspiracy.

of them shall aid and bear the other falsly and tnalicicufly to indict, or cause to indict, falsly to move or maintain pleas.

It is clear, that those who are convicted of conspiracy at the i Bra 193. suit of the party, shall have judgment of fine and imprisonment, and to render the plaintiff his damages.

Constable.

IN some places, at this day, there is both atithingman and 1 Slack. 357.

constable, where the tithingman is as it were a deputy to execute the office in the constable's absence; but the constable may do whatever the tithingman may do, but not on the contrary, the tithingman not having an equal power with the constable.

The president, commons, and fellows of the faculty of phyh 31B. S. c. 90. fie in London shall not be chose,. constables.

Surgeons in London shall be freed and exempted from the of- j 8. c. 6.& fice of constables. «8 G. a. r. 15.

Apothecaries in London, and within seven miles thereof, 6 S'7 being free of the company of apothecaries, and also those in the country who have served a seven years apprenticeship, shall be exempted from the office of constable.

A (worn attorney, or other officer of the courts at Westmin- tBno. 63, ller, may have a writ of privilege of his discharge.

Every teacher or preacher in holy orders, or pretended holy 1 IP- c. A orders, in a congregation tolerated by law, (fiall, from the time of his subscription and taking the oaths, be exempted from the office of constable.

'The prosecutor of a felon to conviction, or person to whom 10&11 JF. c. he shall assign the certificate thereof, shall be discharged from a3* the office of constable.

if any person dissenting from the church of England, shall 1 W. e. iS. b; chosen constable, and shall scruple to take upon him the office, in regard of the oaths, or any other matter required to be done in respect of such office, he may execute it by a sufficient deputy.

The law requires, that every constable be idor.cus homo, that is, apt and (it for the execution of the said office; and he is considered to be idoneits, who hath, First, honesty, toexecutchis office truly, without malice, affection, or partiality — Secondly, knowledge, to underftaqd what he ought to do. — Thirdly, ability, as well in substance or estate, as in hody, that so he may intend and execute his office diligently, and not thro' impotency ofbody, or want, neglect his duty. And if any shall be chosen constable, who is not thus qualified, he may by law be discharged of his said office, and another fit man be appointed in his place.

54

I Bust. 62.

r. 23. a Hirer. 6j.

i; =

37

4C.2.

t. 23.

c.

- 53*

r;;~.

Constable.

In which case, a summons may be diiedted to several inhabi. tants of the parish to appear before the justice for him to make choice of one of them to take the oath, Sec.

The petty constable ought to be chosen in the leet; and the high constable (properly so called) in the torn, which is the general leet of the wholehnndred.

They are to be [worn and placed in their office by the lord or his steward, or by the sheriff respectively, as being judge of the court.

But now the usual manner is, that the high constables of hundreds be chosen either at the lessions, or by the greater number of the justices of the division.

And every petty constable, being a principal peace officer, and it being necessary for the preservation of the peace, that every vill should be furnished with one; the justices of the peace have, ever since the institution of their office, taken : upon them, as conservators of the peace, not only to swear the i petty constables that have been chosen at a torn or leet, but also to nominate and swear those, who have not been chosen at any such court, on the neglect of the sheriffs or lords to hold their court, or to take care that such officers are appointed in them. And this power of justices of the peace having been ; confirmed by the uninterrupted usage of many ages, shall not now be disputed, but shall be presumed to be established upon sufficient authority.

Justices of the peace had power to nominate and swear constables, on the default of the torn or leet, before the statute of 13 13 14. C. 2. c. iz. Ifa constable shall die, orgoout of the parish, any two justices may make and swear a new one'till the lord shall hold a leet, or 'till the next quarter sessions, who shall approve of the officer so made and sworn, or appoint another; and if any officer shall continue above a year in hit office, the justices in their quarter sessions may discharge him, and pu: in another, 'till the lord shall hold a court.

If constables lawfully chosen refusetobe sworn, a justice of the peace may bind them over to the affizesor sessions, thereto be indifled.

_ High cor.ftsbles are to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, as other persons who qualify for offices; but petty constables are exempted.

Every high and petty constable is by the common law con-fervator of the peace; and therefore if any man shall make an affray or break the peace, the constable may commit him to the jiocks or other safe custody for the present, and afterwards may carry him before a justice or to gaol, until he shall find furcty fur the peace.

Bn: he cannot require surety of the peace, unless the offencs be upon his own view; for he cannot take a man's oath, because he is no: a judge of record.

The

Constable. 5.5

The constable is a proper officer to'a justice of the peace; 2Hnv.z6x. and bound to execute his warrants; and therefore it hath been resolved, that where a statute authorizes a justice of the peace to convict a man of a crime, and to levy the penalty by warrant of distress, without saying to whom such warrant shall be directed, or by whom it shall be executed, the constable is the proper officer to serve such warrant, and indiftable for difo-: beying it. 1 :

" No action shall be brought against any constable, or other person acting by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until demand hath been made by the party, or his attorney, in writing, signed by the party demanding the same, of the perusal and copy of such warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for six days after such demand; and if such action be brought jointly against the justice and constable, on proof of such warrant, the jury shall find for the constable; andifthe verdict be given against the justice, the plaintiff shall receive his cods against him, to be taxed in such manner by the proper officer, as to include such costs as the plaintiff is liable to pay to such defendant, for whom such verdict shall be found as aforesaid.

The constable ought not to return the warrant to the justice, but to keep it for his own justification; but he mud certify to' the justice whathe hath done in the execution thereof.

The constable executing a justice's warrant, forlevyihga 27C.1. penalty, or other sum of money directed by an act of parliament! by distress, may deduct his own,reasonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the goods distrained; returning the overplus on demand, after such penalty or sum of money

and charges deducted.--- See Commitment.

Every constable or other such officer shall every three months, «S C. 3. r. 19. and within 14 days after he shall go out of his office, deliver to the overseers a just account in writing, fairly entered in a I book to be kepe for that purpose, and signed by him, of all sums by him expended on account of the said parish, town-ship, or place, in all cases not hitherto provided for by law, and also of all sums received by him on the account of the said parish, township, or place; and the overseers shall, within the next 14 days after the account shall be so delivered, lay the same before the inhabitants, and if approved by the majority of them, the overseers shall pay out of the poor rate such sum as shall appear to be due on the said account- But if the account, or any part thereof, shall be disallowed, the overseers shall deliver back to the constable, or other officer, such book of accounts; who may then produce the said book to a justice, giving reasonable notice thereof to the overseer; which justice shall examine the same, and hear and determine any objection that shall be made to the account.

Constable. I

and settle the sum which shall appear to him to be due, and I enter the same in the account, and Cgn his name thereto; and the overseers shall pay the same accordingly. — Provided, that E if the orerfeer shall find that the parish, cownship, or place is Ej aggrieved by any thing done or omitted by the said constable, (§ or other officer, or by the justice, he may, giving reasonable notice to the said justice, constable, or other officer, appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions. — And the justices in sessions may from time to time lay down or alter such rules and re. gulations as to any costs or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them shall seem just; which rales and regulations haring received the approbation and fig. j nature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

The highconstables shall, at the general or quarter-sessions, if thereunto required, account for the general county rate by : them received, on pain of being committed to gaol until they i shall account; and all their accounts and vouchers shall, after having been passed at the said sessions, be deposited with the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongst the records, and in spefted by any justice without fee.

If there shall be cause to remove and put an high constable from his place, it shall be done by the greater part of the juf. dees of that dirifion, or at the sessions.

The justices of the peace have also used, for good cause, to displace all such constables, as have been chosen and sworn by them.

Conviction.

WHERE a special power is given to a justice of the peace by act of parliament to convict an offender in a summary manner, without a trial by jury, it mull appear that he hath strictly pursued that power; otherwise the common la* will break in upon him, and level all his proceedings. Therefore he mull proceed according to the conrfe of common law in trials by juries, and confiaer himself only as constituted in the place both of judge and jury. There mud be an information orcharge against aperson; thenhemuftbesummoned, orhave notice of such charge, and have an opportunity to make his defence; and the evidence against him must be such as the common law approves of, unless the fiatuie specially directeth otherwise; then, if the person be found guilty, there must be a conviction, judgment, and execution, all according to the course of the common law, directed and influenced by the special authority given by statute; and in the conclusion, there must be a record of the whole proceedings, wherein the

Conviction.

justice most set forth the particular manner and circumstances; so that, if he shall be called to account by any superior court, it may appear that he hath conformed to the law, and not exceeded the bounds prescribed to his jurisdiction.

Corn.

HpO buy or fell corn in the Ihcaf, before it is threlhed 3/077.197.

j. and measured, is against the common law of England.

In the measure of corn, the cultom of the place is to be ob- Earl. 5784 served, if it be a cultom beyond all memory, and used without any visible interruption.

livery person, who shall unlawfully cut or take away any corn 43 £/. r. 7 or grain growing, being convicted thereof by confession, or oath of one witness, before onejustice, shall for the first offence pay such damages as the justice shall appoint; and if the justice shall think him not able or sufficient, or if he do not pay such damages, he shall commit him to the constable where the offence is committed, or where the the party is apprehended, there to be whipped; and for every other offence lie shall in like manner be whipped. The constable refusing, shall bd committed by the justice, till he conform.

The inspector of the returns of corn shall demand of every at <? 1-c-cornfactor, in the Corn-Exchange, in Mark-lane, a weekly return of the several quantities of corn or grain by him bona fide fold and delivered in such week, as also the name or names of the purchaser or pnrehafers thereof, which return shall be ligned by each cornfactor delivering the same, and a transcript of such account shall be published in the London Gazette weekly; which shall be deemed to have been the average prices, during each respective week, in Kent, Essex, and London.

The weekly returns taken by the inspector, shall be filed, and dcuofited in his office. The inspector shall compute the aggregate quantity of each sort of grain, and the average prices thereof, which shall be fold previous to the sessions for London, in April 1782; and so on from session to feffiun; which account he shall transcribe into a book; and deliver, on the first day of the said sessions, (and afterwards on the first day of each quarter session,) in open court, to the lord mayor, aldermen, julliccs of the peace for the city of London. The duties on-importation of foreign grain shall be regulated by the said ave. rage prices. The cornfactors shall verify their returns on oath, under a penalty of, from 25I. to 50I. one moiety to the inspec-; for, and another as the court shall think proper, if they obey not the summons of the court. The proprietors, in case of I the

5B _ Com.

the inspector'i sickness, may appoint a substitute; which appointment shall be presented to the next sessions. Cornfactors neglecting to deliver weekly returns, to be summoned before the sessions, and in case they Until not appear, the said persons so offending shall be fined not more than ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, to be divided as before. — A duty of a halfpenny per last on all corn fold shall be paid to the inspector, the amount thereof to be dated, and presented to the lefiions twice a year. — The inspefior shall give security in a sum not less than two hundred pounds, nor more than three hundred pounds, for the faithful accounting and payment of all monies

received by him by virtue of this aft_If the justices shall neglect to appoint proper persons to make returns, the of of the treasury shall appoint them until the Michaelmas sessions next following.

Coroner.

2 12.

4 l-J* -71-

-h 3. c. 6.

= 43, 44.

JIjYs PL 17c.

4 EJ. z.ji. z.

114f, 14$. 2 h. n. ci.

Iu:-': Pi. 1-q. :.zg.

CORONERS are ancient officers by the common law, so called becaafe they deal principally with the pleas of the crown, and were of old time the principal conservators of the peace.

In ancient times this office was of great cllimation; for none could have it under the degree of a knight.

The coroner shall be chosen in the county court, by the

commons of the same county.

And none hut freeholders have a voice at such election. When any persons comes to an unnatural death, the town-ship shall give notice thereof to the coroner. Otherwifeif the body be interred before he come, the township shall be amerced.

When notice is given to the coroner, he is to issue a precept to the constables of the four, live, or fix next townships, to return a competent number of good and lawful men of their townships, to appear before him in such a place, and to make an inejuifition touching the matter. Or he may fend his precept to the contlab'eof the hundred.

Thcl'c are tube at lead twelve.

The jury appearing is to be sworn and charged by the coroner to esquire, upon the view of the body, how the party came by his death.

If the body cannot be viewed, the coroner can do nothing; but the justices of the peace shall esquire thereof.

For every inquifuion (not taken upon view of a body dying in gaol) he shall have aos. and also pd. for every mile he shall be compelled to travel from his nfual place of abode to take such

inouifirion;

Coroner. 59

inqnifuion ; to be paid by order of the justices in sessions, out of the county rates. — And for every inquisition taken on view of a body dying.in prison, he shall be paid so much, not exceeding 20s. as the justices in sessions shall allow, to be paid in like manner.

Costs.

WHERE any complaint shall be made before a justice and *5 G. 3. e. 19.

a warrant or summons shall issue in consequence thereof, it shall be lawful for such justice, who shall have heard and determined the matter of the complaint, to award* such colls to be paid by either party, and in such manner and form as to him shall seem meet, to the party injured: and if the person so ordered by the justice shall not forthwith pay, or give security for the same, to the satisfaction of the justice, it shall be levied by distrefsf: and if goods and chattels of such person cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for the place where such person shall reside, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month, nor less than ten days, or until such sum, together with the expences attending the commitment, be first paid. — Provided, that where the penalty shall amount to or exceed the sum of 5I. the said costs shall be deducted by the justice, according to his di-reflion, out of the penalty, so that the said deduflion shall not exceed one fifth part of the penalty. — And the justices in sessions from time to time may lay down or alter such rules and regulations concerning costs or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them shall seem just; which rules and regulations, having received the approbation and signaturc of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

County-Court.

NO plaint shall be entered in the county-court, but where the plaintiff, or his attorney is present; and the plaintiff shall find pledges topurfuehis plaint; and he shall have but one plaint for one trespass, on pain of 40s. half to the king, and half to the prosecutor. And one j ullice may examine

: U. 7. c. 15.

See appendix, Nos

f No. *S.

the

DO

County-Court.

the (herifi or other officer, making default; and shall, within a quarter of a year, certify the examination into the exchequer.

County-Rate.

izC.z. c. -9*

9 3'

jr.f.io.

f.:c.

Ji £.1 1±G. z-3C.

C. zzG. jo G. izG.

z. c. ia. 3* f* 30'

17 G. z

jS*

THE jeilices at their general or quarter sessions, Or the greater part of them, shall have power to make one general county-rate.

For the repairing of bridges, and highways thereto adjoin, ing, and salaries for the surveyors of bridges.

For building and repairing county-gaols.

For repairing shire-halis.

For the l'aiary of the master of the house of correction, and relieving the weak and lick in his custody.

For the relief of the prisoners in the king's-bench and mar-Ihalfea prisons; and of poor hospitals in the county, and of those that fiail fuilain Losses by fire, water, the sea, or other casualties, and other charitable purposes for the relief of the poor, as the justices in sessions shall think fit.

For the relief of prisoners in the county gaol.

For the preservation of the health of the prisoners.

For the salary of the chaplain of the county gaol.

For setting prisoners to work.

The treasurer's salary.

Salary of persons making returns of thepriccsofcorn. Charges attending the removal of any of the said general county rates by certiorari.

Money for purchasing lands at the ends of county bridges. Charges of building or repairing houses of correction, and

fur fittin

and maintai Charges

;5 G. 2. (. 29. cars' psv f< trr.y end'd-: The core

1-C.Z. f. 3. qunttion, a Char-es

C> r) iccuon. The gad

zzG.z. r. r\ charged by Char^fj 1

" ' '.* Charge,

ffiipivrsckei

up and furnishing the same, and employing the

the soldiers' carriages, over and above the ofi. the same, by the several yearly acts against mu-tior., and by the militia aft.

's fee of qd. a mile for travelling to take an in--ni! nos ibr taking it.

for persons acquitted of felony, or dif-

cf prosecuting and convicting persons plundering

Charge;

County-Rate.

Charges of maintaining the militia men's families, by the several militia acts.

Charges of bringing insolvent debtors to the assizes, in V-order to their discharge, if themselves are not able to pay.

The charges of transporting felons, or conveying them to ® the places of labour and confinement. '

Charges of carrying parish apprentices, bound to the fca- 1 ^ 1 service, to the port to which the tnafter bslongeth.

The churchwardens and overseers shall/ in 30 days after de- l~°' mand made, out of the money collcSed for relief of the poor, pay the I'ums so assessed on .each parish or place. And if they shall neglect or refuse so to pay, the high contlable shall levy the same by distress and falc of their goods, by warrant of two or more justices residing in or near such parish or place. — Where there is no poor rate, the justices, in their general or quarter-sessions, shall by their order direct the sum assessed on such parish, township, or place, to be rated and levied by the petty con-ltable, or other peace officer, as money for relief of the poor is by law to be rated or levied. — The high constables, at or before the next sessions respectively after they have received the money, shall pay the same to the treasurer; and the money so paid, shall be deemed the public flock. — And the said high conihbles shall deliver in a true account on oath (if required) of the money by them received, before the said justices at their general or quarter- sessions. — The treasurer shall pay so much of the money in his hands, to such persons, as the justices in sessions shall by their order from time to time appoint, for any uses and purposes to which the public stock of any county,

city, division, or liberty, is or shall be applicable_And

shall deliver in a true account, on oath if required, of his receipts and disbursements, to the justices at every general or quarter sessions, and also the proper vouchers for tile same, to be kept amongst the records of the sessions. — And the discharge of the said justices, by their order at their general or quarter-sessions, shall be a fuilicient discharge to the treasurer — And no new rate shall be made, until it appear by the treasurer's accounts, or otherwise, that three-fourths of the money col-lefled have been expended for the purposes aforesaid — If the churchwardens and overseers of any parish or place shall think such parish or place is over-rated, they may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions.

6l

a. r. s8.

.*3- ® 3- < 74-; An. f. 6.

29*

Customs. Sec Excise. so far as justices of the peace, and other officers are concerned.

Custos Rotulorum.

62

— H.S. c.i. "kTO person shall be appointed to the office of cujlos rent-31 Dn /gran, but such as shall have a bill signed with the king's hand for the same.

Debtors.

INSOLVENT debtors brought to the assizes, in order to be discharged, shall pay for their bringing thither, not exceeding iad. a mile; and if they are not able to pay, then the same shall be paid by the treasurer, out of the county. Hock.

Demurrer.

W.-S.'.'. c.k. A DEMURRER (from dcm'.rari) signifies an abiding in ' ' point of law, upon which the defendant joins issue allowing the fact to be true as laid in the indictment.

Deodand.

3/->57- T'vEODAND is, when any moveable thing inanimate, or § 9 beall animate, doth move to or cause the untimely death of any reasonable creature, by mischance, without the will or fault of himself, or of any person. '

Dissenters.

TT1 VERY person, not having reasonable excuse, shall re. jp, fort to their parish church or chapel, or upon reasonable let thereof, to some usual place where common-prayer shall be used, on every Sunday and holiday; on pain of punishment by the censures of the church, or of forfeiting for every offence i:d.

Every

Dissenters.

Every person above the age of 16, who shall not repair to 23 El. some church, or chapel, or usual place of common-prayer, shall forfeit for every month zol. And if he shall forbear for 12 months, he shall be bound to good behaviour -till he conform.

Every offender in not repairing to church, having been E1, ‘ once convicted, shall, without any other indictment or conviction, pay half-yearly into the Exchequer 20I. for every month afterwards, until he conform; which if he shall omit to do, the king may seize all his goods, and two parts of his lands.

By the 1 If. c. 18. commonly called the ad of toleration, which by the 19 G. 3. c, 44.' is declared to be a public act, it is enacted, that the statutes aforesaid shall not extend to any person dissenting from the church of England, who shall at the general sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place where such person shall live, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and subscribe the declaration against popery; of which the court shall keep a register. — Provided, that the place of meeting be certified to the bishop of the dio-cefe, or to the archdeacon of the archdeaconry, or to the justices of the peace at the general or quarter-sessions.

If any person shall take upon him to preach or teach in any si Car. meeting or conventicle, in other manner than according to the practice of the church of England, he shall forfeit for the first offence 20I. and for every other offence 40!. And if he be a stranger, or in the judgment of the julfice of the peace before whom he is convicted, unable to pay, it may be levied on the goods of any person present.

But by the aforesaid act of toleration, and by the 19 G. 3. r. 44, No person dissenting from the church of England, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, nor any preacher or teacher of any congregation of dissenting protestants, shall be liable to any penalty for diffenting, who shall, at the sessions as aforesaid, take the said oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and subscribe the said declaration against popery, and also make and subscribe a declaration in the words following, viz.. 1 J. B. a'0 solemnly declare, in the presence of Almighty God, that I am a Christian, and a Protestant, and as fitch, that I believe that the fcriplttres of the old and new tcjlament, as commonly received among protestant churches, do contain the revealed will of God; and that 1 do receive the same as the rule of my dodrinc andpradiee.

1

Distress

Distress.

fl DISTRESS h the taking of a personal chattel out of j~\ the pnffeiEon of the wrong doer, into the custody of the re.-;-, -.rjured, to procure e fathfaflion for wrong committed.

- ijidref; for rent muff be, far rent in arrear. It moil not be

after lender of payment.

- 5;'. i; any distress and idle shall be made, for rent in arrear and

dee, when none is in truth due, the owner shall recover double value with fell coll;.

ztG.z..-.if any tenant shall fraudulently convey off the premises his goods or chattels, to prevent the landlord from dillraining, inch landlord, or any person by him lawfully impowered, may in to days next after such conveying away, seize the same wherever they shall be found, ami dispose of them in such manner, a; if they had been di drained on the premises.. — find every person so offending, shall forfeit to the landlord double the value of inch goods, to be recovered in any court of record at '.Vedrrdnfter. — But if the goods shall not exceed the Value of 50I. th.a landlord or his agent may exhibits complaint in writing before two justices of the peace of the same county cr diviaon, redding near the place where such goods and chattles were removed, or near the place where tr.a same were found, not being interested in the lands or tenements whence such goods were removed ; who may summon i".r parties concerned, examine the fact and all proper witnesses up.-.n cac.n, and In a summary way determine whether such per-(bn or person: be guilty of the offence, with which he or they are charge.!, and to enquire in like manner of the value of such goods r.nd chattles; and upon full proof of the offence, ?" oracr under their hands and seals the (hid julliccs shall act--lu55e tae offender or offenders to pay double the value of the win goods and chattles; and if the offender or offenders, hnvip.n notice of inch order, shall refuse or neglect so to do, tr.ey iiinU by their wtrrant levy the fume by distress; and, for want of inch d-.dreih. may commit the offender or offenders to the of correction, there to be kept to hard labour,

witr.oa: bail cr :::r:r.prize, far the space of six months, mv-leis r.ne money so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall be sooner (.-.ti-,;c.|. — i'eribns aggrieved by order of such justices, m iv I to the next general or quarter-sessions.

1 47- _ (I a mr.a brc..k the pound, or the lock ofit, or part of it,

lie jjrettH- o.'iendcth again;': the peace, and therefore hue and cry rs to be levied again;! him, and the party who d drained

- See Ap tr.ft, No. 67.

may

Distress. 65

may take the goods again, wherelocver he shall find them, and impound them again.

If any tenant at rack rent, or where the rent reserved- shall u 0, s. e. jg. be full three-fourths of the yearly value of the demised prc-mises, who shall be in arrear for one year's rent, shall desert the premises, two justices (having no interest in the premises) may, at the requell: of the landlord, go upon and view the same, and affix on the most notorious 'part of the premises, notice in writing, what day (at the distance of 14 days at the least) they will return to take a second view; and if on fitch second view, the tenant shall not appear and pay the rent, or there shall not be sufficient distress on the premises, then the justices may put the landlord into possession,' and the Ieafe as to such demise shall from thence be void. — But th? tenant may appeal to the next justice or justices of assize; who may award costs to either party. — And the justices in this, and all other the like cases, ought to make a record of the whole proceedings, to be produced afterwards in case of an action brought against the landlord by such tenant.

In all cases where any justice of the peace is or shall be re- -7 O. a. c. 10. quired or impowered by any act of parliament, to issue a warrant of distress, for the levying of any penalty inflicted, or any sum of money directed to be paid by such act, it shall be lawful for the justice granting such warrant, therein to order and direct the goods and chattles so to be distrained, to be sold and disposed of within a certain time to be li-mitted in fitch warrant, not less than four days, nor more than eight days, unless the penalty or sum of money for which such distress shall be made, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping such distress, be sooner

paid.---- And the officer may deJuft all reasonable charges

out of the money arising by such sale; and the overplus (if any) shall be returned on demand to the owner of the goods so distrained.

Dogs.

IF a person shall (leal any dog or dogs, or shall receive or 100,3- < i*« keep any such dog or dogs, knowing the same to have been stolen; every such person shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness, or his or her own confession, before two justices, forfeit for the first offence any sum not exceeding 30I. nor less than zol. as to such justices shall feern meet, together with the charges previous to and attending such conviction ; and if not forthwith paid, the said justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol for any time not exceeding 12 K calendar

66

Dogs.

calendar months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and for every second offence of the lame kind, the offender shall forfeit not exceeding 50I. nor lese than 30I. as to such justices shall seem meet; which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall be paid, half to the informer, and half to the poor; and upon nonpayment thereof, such jufHces shall commit the offender to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding 18 months, nor less than 12, or nntil the penalty and charges shall be paid ; and such justices shall also order the offender to be pub. lickly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the dock- — One jnffice, on information to him made, may grant a warrant to search fof any dog stolen, or the lkin thereof; and the person in whole custody such dog or skin shall be found, shall be liable to the like penalties, as persons convicted of Healing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject to — If any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, such person may appeal to the next general quarter lessions, within four days after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving i4.days notice of his intention to appeal.

[N. B. Some difficulties in this act are very properly pointed out in Burn, which fee, article Dug/.]

Escape.

AN escape is, where one that is arreffed gaineth his liberty, before he is delivered by course of law. a lbm. 139. Wherever a person is found guilty upon an indictment 0:

iH.H. 604. presentment of a negligent escape of a criminal actually in his

custody, he is punishable by line and imprisonment, according to the quality of the offence. tSC.». r. 31. If any person shall a flirt any prisoner to attempt his escape from any gaol, if such prisoner was then attainted or convicted of treason or felony (except petty larceny) or lawfully committed to, or detained in any gaol, for treason or felony (except petty larceny) expressed in the warrant of commitment; he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years; and if such prisoner was then convicted of, or detained in gaol for petty larceny, or any other crime not being treason or felony, expressed in the warrant of commitment, or was then in gaol for debt amounting to tool, he shall be guilty of a mifdeamcnor, and be liable to fine and imprisonment. — And if any person shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any , iij},una:t, sr arm, to any prisoner

67

Escape.

Toner in gaol, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years, or be liable to fine and imprisonment. — If any person shall a (fill a prisoner to attempt to escape from any anjlabli or other person, who shall have lawful charge of him, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years. — All prosecutions on this act to be commenced within a year after the offence committed.

Eftray. I

]

E ST RAT is, inhere any horses, Sheep, hogs, leafs, or*swans Kiich 23. do tome into a lordship, and are not owned by any

man.

It seemeth to be agreed, that waifs and drays ought to be Cn. Elix. 71$. proclaimed in the two next market towns; and that if they are not proclaimed, the owner may take the dray goods again at any time.

He who taketh an if ray, may keep it until he be satisfied 79*

for the finding, keeping, and proclaiming thereof.

Waifs and drays, not claimed within the year and day, Kirel 23. are the lord's.

That is to say, after he hath had the bead a year and a 89.

day from the time of the proclamation, and not from the time of the seizure: for after the drib proclamation it be-cometh an edray, but not sooner.

Estreat.

ESTREAT (extraBum) is used for the true copy or note of some original writing or record, and especially of fines and amerciaments, imposed in the rolls of a court, to be levied by the bailiff or other officer.

In levying, the sheriff shall shew the edreats under the seal 4* 3- c- 9*

of the exchequer, to the party indebted; on pain of treble damages to the party, and fine to the king, on conviction before the justices of the peace, or other justices.

And the sheriff shall make no edreats to levy his own amer- 11 If. 7. c. 15. ciaments, till two justices (1 QJ to be named at Michaelmas sessions by the cufos rotulorum, or in his absence by the elded 1

1 N. B. Bet) are not written in this description, and cannot be reckoned among Bray goods, yet where the property cannot be ascertained, they may be f:iz:d for the use of the king or the lord of the manor.

68

7 IT. c.

29 C. 2. f. 3.

2 J-f-'w. 429.

Tc-::r. c/ Ev'.d* 107.

2 /7. *7. 2S2.

27 C. 2. r. 3.

1: c. 7. f. to

Estreat.

in the commission, hive inspected his books; and the said e fir eats shall be indented betwixt the said justices and [he rift, sealed with their seals, the one part to remain with the justices, and the other with the sheriff: and the persons who Tnail gather the said amerciaments, shall be sworn by the said justices, that they shall take no more than is forfeited, and contained in the said cflreats.

Evidence.

BEFORE a justice of the peace, in divers cases, one witness is fafficient to con via an offender; the same being di-rested by special statutes.

Bat in case of high treason, no person shall be attainted, bat apon the oaths of two witnesses.

Dcvifes of lands shall be attested by three witnesses at the lead.

The confcSon of the defendant, whether taken on an examination before justices of the peace, or in discourse with private persons, hath always been allowed to be given in evidence, against the party confef&ng, but not against others.

An attainder, judgement, or conviction of treason, felony, perjury, or forgery on 5 El. and also judgment to (land on the pillory, or to be whipped or branded, are good caules of exception against a witness, while they continue in force.

The compulsory means to bring in witnesses are of two kinds. 1. By process ofyiIpar.a, issued in the king's name, by the justices, or others, where the trial is to be. 2. (which is the more ordinary and more effectual means in criminal cases) the justices that take the examination of the person accufsd, and the information of the witnesses, may at that time, or at any time after, and before the trial, bind ever the witnesses to appear at the sessions; and in case of their refusal either to come, or to be bound over, may commit them for their contempt in such refusal.

When any poor person shall appear on recognizance in any court to give evidence, the court may order the treasurer to pay him l'uch sum as they shall think reasonable, except in MiJMfftx, where the same shall be paid by the overseers of the poor where the person was apprehended.

The justices in sessions from time to time may lay down or alter such rules and regulations concerning any cods or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them mail seem just; which rules and regulations, having received the approbation and signature of one or

more

Evidence. 69

more of the judges of assize, shall be binding on all persons whatsoever.

If any person, upon whom a process out of any of the courts 5 c‘ 5* of record shall be served, to certify or depose concerning any matter depending therein, and having tendered unto him a reasonable sum for his colls and charges, do not appear according to the tenor of the process, having not a lawful and reasonable impediment, he shall forfeit tol. and shall yield such further recompence to the party aggrieved, as to the judge of the court shall fecm meet.

In criminal cases, if a witness hath been bound over, and do not appear, he shall forfeit his recognizance.

He who affirms the matter in issue, whether plaintiff or Lit. 36. defendant, ought to begin to give evidence.

The evidence both for and against a prisoner, ought to be upon oath.

But a quaker's affirmation, in all cases not being criminal, j&Sir.e. 34. shall be allowed as evidence, without an oath; but in criminal cases, his affirmation shall not be allowed.

It is no satisfaction lor a witness to say, that he thinks or Dyer 53. persuades himself; the judge ought to have more ground than thinking.

The court may indulge a prisoner in examining the wit- St. Tr. V. 4,9. nesses apart, but he cannot demand it of right.

In cases of life, no evidence is to be given against a pri- z/fine. 428. foner, but in his presence.

In every issue, the affirmative is to be proved. A nega- T/m. of Enid. tive cannot regularly be proved. 1

A prisoner may not call witnesses to disprove what his St. Tr. V. 1. own witnesses have sworn. 792.

A witness shall not be permitted to read his evidence, but St. Tr. V. 445. he may look upon his notes to refrellt his memory.

A witness shall not be cross examined till he has gone St. Tr. r. 2792. thro' the evidence for the party on whose side lie was produced.

A deporttion taken by a witness before a justice of the - Haiti. 430. peace, may at the prisoner's desire be read at the trial, in order to take off the credit of the witness, by Ihcwing a variance between such depositiens, and the evidence given in court.

There may be four witnesses put in one fubptena.

Examination.

IF a felony is committed, and one is brought before a juf- jyait. c. 164.

tice upon suspicion thereof, and the justice finds upon examination that the prisoner is not guilty, yet the justice shall not

7°

Examination.

t&sP.SM.

c.13.

2 6? 3 P. £? M.

f. 1C.

IH.H.5S5.

2 Hrs. ug.

1 H. if. 5S5.

Dj/f. c. 164.

2 Hrw. 419.

cot discharge him, bat he mail either be bailed or committed; for it is not fit that a man once arrested and charged with felony, or suspicion thereof, should be delivered, upon any man's discretion, without farther trial.

In order to which bail or commitment, the examination and information of the parties mult first be taken, according to the following statutes:

Two or more justices (t QJ or one of the said justices, before they bail a person apprehended for felony (if the offence is bailable) shall take his examination, and the information of them that bring him, of the fast and circumstances thereof, and the same, or as much thereof as shall be material to prove the felony, shall put in writing; which examination they shall certify (together with the bailment) at the next general gaol delivery, to be holden within the limits of their commission. — And they shall have power to bind by recogni-zance all such as do declare any thing material to prove the offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery ; and shall certify such recognizance in like manner — And if they offend in any thing herein, they shall be fined by the justices of gaol delivery.

Where the person is not bailed, but committed, the justice or justices, who commit him, shall, before such commitment, take the like examination and information, and shall put the same in writing within two days after the said examination, and shall in like manner bind over the witnesses; and certify the whole as above.

If on some reasonable hindrance the justice cannot at the return of the warrant take the examination, he may by word of mouth command the constable or any other person, to dc-tain in custody the prisoner till the next day, and then to bring him before the justice, for farther examination.

But the time of the detainer muff be no longer than is ne-ccssary.

The examination of the person accused, ought not to be upon oath.

But it‘upon his examination he shall confess the matter, it fnaii not be amiss that he subscribe his name, or mark to it.

Which examination being voluntary, and sworn by the justice or his clerk to be truly taken, may be given in evidence against the party confessing, but not against others.

Excise and Customs.

6 77. r. A LL officers, who shall have any employment in or about X\_ the customs, shall at their admission, if it is within the ports of London, take an oath of office before two commissioners;

7*

Excise and Customs.

sioners; and elsewhere, before two justices of the peace: and every personnot taking such oath, shall forfeit his office. And the persons authorised to administer the oath, shall certify the taking thereof, to the next sessions.

If any carman, porter, waterman, or other person, shall 13 14C. 1.

assist in the taking of, landing, lbipping off, or carrying c. 11. atvay, any goods, without a warrant and presence of an officer of the customs, such person being apprehended by the warrant of any justice of the peace, and the same being proved by the oath of two witnesses, the said offender for the first offence shall by thejulticebe committed to gaol, until he be discharged by the lord treasurer, chancellor, under-treasurer, or barons of the exchequer} and for the second offence he may by any justice of the peace as aforesaid, be committed to the next gaol, there to remain for two months without bail, or until he shall pay to the sheriff 5I. for the king's use, or until he shall be discharged by the court of . exchequer as aforesaid.

The statute of 8 G. c. 18. brings the recognizance not only 8 C. c. 18. of the said forfeiture, but also of several others hereafter following, under the jurisdiction of the justices of the peace.

All feiznres may in a summary way be determined by two justices of the peace residing near the place where the seizure is made; who shall summon the party accused, and on appearance or default proceed to hear and give judgement, and issue warrants for sale of such as shall be by them condemned; whose judgment shall not be liable to any appeal or certiorari.

In. trials of seizures, the justices shall proceed to the merits 9 C. t. t. 35. of the cause, without enquiring into the form or manner of seizure.

Any officer of the customs or excise, and their assistants, 19 c. 3. c. 69. may arrest persons who shall be found aiding in unshipping any uncustomed or prohibited goods to be laid on land; and shall forthwith carry them before a justice residing near; who shall, if he fee cause, commit the offender to the county gaol till the next general quarter-sessions. In which case, the officer shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appear and prosecute. And the justices at such sessions shall hear and determine the offence; and, in lieu of any other punishment by any former act, may commit the offender to hard labour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, nor less than one.

Where the officers of customs or excise shall find on board U. of any ship coming from foreign parts, within the limits of any port of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds weight of tea (not being in an East India snip), or more than a hundred gallons of foreign brandy or other foreign spiritu-ous liquors (over and above two gallons for every seaman)

and '

72

Excise and Customs.

and being in calks under 60 gallons; the mailer, or other person having charge of the ship, shall forfeit 300I. And the said officers, or their assistants, may arrell such matter or other person, and carry him before ajuttice residing near; who shall before the justice enter into a recognizance of 300I, to appear in the coort of exchequer within the first four days of the next term, to any information that may be exhibited a-gaintt him: And the justice shall transmit the recognizance to the king's remembrancer in the said court. And if such person shall refuse to enter into such recognizance, the justice shall commit him to the next county gaol, till he shall enter into such recognizance.

G. i.3;. On oath made before a justice of the peace, that any person

is lurking within five miles of the sea coast or any navigable river, and that there is reason to suspect that he waits with intent to be aiding in running goods, the justice may grant his warrant to bring him before him; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account cf himself and his employment, or otherwise make it appear, that he is not concerned in any clandcf-tine or unlawful business, he shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding one month: And the of of the customs or excise shall cause to be paid to the informer a reward of 20s. for each offender — But if such person shall desire time for clearing himself, he shall not be punished by whipping or other correction, but be committed to the common gaol till he shall so do, or till he find security not to be guilty of any the said offences.

G. c. :S. If any person shall knowingly receive orbuy any run goods;

he shall oa conviction (after summons) by confession, or oath or one wirr.efs. before one justice where the offence shall be committed or the offender shall be found, forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of cif.ref:, to be committed to prison for three months.

jC.e.3;. All porters, and others, knowingly carrying run or pro.

hibited goods, and who shall be convicted thereof (on appearance or default) on the oath of one witness, or confession, before one justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found, shall forfeit treble value, half to the informer, and hair' to the poor, to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice, and for want of distress shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding three months. — Persons being two or more in company, who shall be found passing within five miles IrC'in the coait with more than six pounds of tea, or spiritous liquors exceeding five gallons, not having paid the duties, and not having a permit, or any other foreign goods of above 50!. v alue, landed without entry and payment of duties, and who shall carry any offensive arms, or wear any

disguise,

Excise and Customs.

73'

disguise, or shall forcibly obstruct, or refill any officer of the customs or excise, shall be deemed runners of foreign goods.

— And if any officer or other person shall lose any limb, or be otherwise maimed or dangerously wounded in endeavouring to apprehend him, he shall, on the conviction of such offender, have a reward of 50I. over and above any other reward he may be entitled to by this act. — And if any person be killed in endeavouring to apprehend such offender, his executors or administrators (on certificate under hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the act was done, or of the two next justices of the peace, of such person being so killed) shall have 50I. over and above any other reward they may be intitled to by this act.

If any persons, to the number of two or more, shall be ,g c, 3. r. ft), found passing with any horse, cart, or carriage, whereon shall be laden more than six pounds weight of tea, or foreign spirituous liquors exceeding live gallons, not having paid the duty, and not having a permit; and shall carry any olfenlive arms, or wear any disguise, when passing with such tea or spirituous liquors; any officer of the customs or excise, and all other persons acting in their aid, may arrest the offenders, and carry them before a justice, who, if he fee cause, shall commit them to the county gaol, 'till the next general quarter sessions. And in such case, the officer, who conveys any such offender before the justice, shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appear and prosecute. And the commissioner shall order the charges of prosecution to be paid by the receiver-general of the customs or excise respectively. And the julliccs, at such sessions, shall hear and determine the offence. And if the offender lie convicted, they shall, in lieu of any other punishment by any former act commit him to hard labour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, nor less than one.

And upon information on oalh b-.fore a justice of the peace, ( ^ f that any persons, to the number of three or more, are or have been assembled, to be aiding in the clandestine running, landing, or carrying away prohibited and uncustomed goods, or to refeue them after seizure, and armed with fire arms or other often five weapons, he shall grant his warrant to the constables and other peace officers, requiring them to lake to their aflillance as many as may be thought nccrifitry for apprehending such persons; and he may, if on examination he find cause, commit them to the next county gaol, thereto remain without bail or mainprir.c, until they be discharged by due course of law; and such persons, on conviction of their being assembled and armed as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

If any persons, to the number of three or more, armed 190.2.034. with fire arms or other offensive weapons, shall be assembled

in

Excise and Customs.

in order to assist in the exportation of goods prohibited to bi exported, or in running any prohibited or uncustomed goods, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. — And if any penons be charged with any the said offences, before a justice of the peace, by information on oath of one or more credible persons to be subscribed by him or them, the justice shall forthwith certify the same under his hand and seal, and return the information to one of the secretaries of state, who shall lay the same before the king in council; who may thereupon make his order, commanding the offender to surrender in 40 days after the first publication thereof in the gazette, to the lord chief juliice, or any other of the justices of the king's bench, or to some justice of the peace, who thereon shall commit him to gaol, to answer the charge against him according to due course of law: And if such offender shall not surrender pursuant to such order, or escape after surrender, he shall be attainted of felony without benefit of clergy_And if any person after the time appointed

for surrender, shall knowingly harbour such offender, he snail, on conviction within one year, be guilty of felony, and transperted for seven years — And every person who shall take, or aifeover so that he may be taken, any person so advertised and not surrendering, and cause him to be brought before the judge of the king's bench, or juliice of the peace for London or Middlesex (who shall commit him to Newgate) shall receive ;col. in one month after execution awarded, from the of of the customs or excise respectively: And if any person shall be killed in apprehending such offender, his executors or administrators shall receive look

Where any officer or officers of the customs shall be by any person armed, beaten or wounded, to the hazard of their lives, in execution of Their office, every person so abusing any such officer or his deputy, shall, by the next justice or other magistrate, be committed to prison to the next quarter-fefftons; and the said sessions shall punifa him by fine, not exceeding look and the offender to remain in prison till he be discharged, by order of the exchequer, both of the fine and of the imprisonment, or difeever the person that set him on work.

If any officer or other person employed in seizing any good; forfeited, or in endeavouring to apprehend offenders against this act, faail be beaten or killed, or the goods seized be refeued, the hundred shall answer damages, and also pay look to the executors or administrators of such person killed, so as the sum for beating exceed not 40I. nor for the loss of goods acol. to be recovered and levied as in cases of robbery by t'nc 3 G. 2. — But r.o person shall recover damages for such beating or loss of goods, unless he give notice in four days to two inhabitants near, and in eight days make oath before a

juliice.

Excise and Customs. 75

justice, whether he knew, any of the persons concerned, and if he did, he shall be bound over toprofecnte; and unless, besides the said notice and recognizance, he give such notice and enter into such recognizance as persons robbed by the 8 G. 2. are directed to give.

If any officer of the customs or excise shall not use his best c. 3. e. 69. endeavours to seize any tea, coffee, or foreign spirituous liquors, or to flop, detain, and carry before one ormorejustices any offender, in such case, one justice residing near to the place where such officer shall make default, on complaint-thereof made to him within three months after such default, . may examine into the truth of such complaint; and if it shall appear to the said justice, that there is reasonable ground for the complaint, he shall transmit the said complaint, together with the examinations taken before him thereon, unto the of of the customs or excise respectively; who shall, by such ways and means as to them shall seem meet, examine into the truth of the premises. And in case they shall think lit on the ground thereof to dismiss the officer from his majesty's service,. he shall be incapable of executing any office in the customs or excise for the future. — Provided, that no person shall be compelled to go above live miles from his usual place of abode, to be examined before any justice, upon any complaint made to him as aforesaid.

Excise in general.

N O person shall be capable of intermedling with any of- IS c. 1. =4.

lice relating to the excise, until he shall, before two justices in the county where his employment shall be, or before a baron of the exchequer, take the oaths of .allegiance and supremacy, together with this oath following:

Ton shall /wear to execute the ojjice' of ----- --- truly atm

faithfully, vmlhout favour or af'eclion, and shall from time to time true account make and deliver to such person or persons as his ' majesty shall appoint to receive the Janie, and fall take no fee or reward for the execution of the said ojjice, from any other person than from his majesty, or those whom his majesty fiall appoint in that behalf.

And the justices shall certify the taking of such oath to the Ml next quarter sessions, there to be recorded. 1

And he shall also, within six months after his admillipn to the office, take the oaths and subscribe the declaration againIV transubstantiation, at the quarter-sessions; in like' manner as other persons admitted to offices. ' ,. , ‘

L 2' 1 The

j6 Excise in general.

cm. Ex:i. The cc!!t3cr's business is, every six weeks to go his rounds and in the intervals of rounds, he is to be assisting in prosecuting offenders before the justices. izCir.z. :.zi. In case of appeals, they (halt be heard and determined by any two or more justices of the peace, residing near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed: and in case of neglect or refusal of such justices by the space of 14. days next after complaint made, and notice thereof given to the offender, the fubcommissioners may hear and determine the same. c.The commifioners and justices may summon witnesses, to appear before them at a certain day, time, and place, to be inserted in such summons, and to give evidence; and in cale of neglect or refusal to appear, or if upon appearance any shall refefe to give evidence, he shall forfeit iol.

~ c. One or more justices shall have power to administer an oath

to any person Stilled in the value of goods, vessels, or carriages, mentioned to have been seized in any information exhibited before the justices, who shall view the same; and after condemnation, the said goods shall be fold where the com. miSoners shall think proper.

13 Cxr. e.sa. The justices, of, or fubcommissioners, respectively, where they shall see cause, mav mitigate, compound or lessen the forfeiture, penalty or line; so as the same be not made less than double the value of the duty of excise which ought to have been paid, beiiacs the reasoncble colls and charges of such officers, or others, as v/eie employed therein, to be to them allowed by the said justices.

Ale, Cyder, Perry, Vinegar, &c.

;. c. 14.

: ; C--r. 1..-.

I...:

IF cyder or perry, having paid the dudes, shall afterwards, by being unfit for sale as cyder or perry, be charged with the dudes on vinegar; three of of excise, or two justices, ca proof thereof, faall discharge the duties thereon imposed by this act.

As often as there shall be occasion, two able ardfts shall1 be appointed, one of them by the of or fubcommifftoners, and the other say the brewers of any city or place; who shall be f.vorn before a justice, to take and compute the just contents and ga^c of all coppers, fats, and brewing vef-ibis, and to deliver under their hands one copy of the contents to the of and fubcomndifioners, and another to each respective brewer.

The of of excise or appeals, or justices of the peace, on'complaint of any overcharge returned upon them by the gager, shall hear and determine the complaint; and examine witnesses on oath, and thereupon, or by other due

proof,

77.

Excise in general.

proof, may discharge such complainant of so much of his charge as shall be made out before them.

Beer, Ale, Worts, &c.

FROM July 5, 1785, Every person felling beer, ale, or s5 G‘ S'c' worts, in a less quantity than in a calk of four gallons and a half, at any one time, shall be deemed a retailer, and shall not be entitled to any allowance for watte by leakage, &c.

Any two or more justices of the peace in England and Scotland respectively, without the limits of the head office of Excise, may order an allowance of 22I. for every 252 gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, where the duties have been already paid on the Itock in hand, between Oft. 22 and November 1, 1784.

Every diitiller applying for such allowance mull give to the supervisor or collector six days' notice of his intention to apply to the Commissioners of Excise, or justices of the peace, that lic.may attend, and shew what the Hock amounted to in October 1784.

The allowance once ascertained shall never again be examined.

The petition for allowance mull; be verified on oath before two of, or two justices, as to the amount of the allowance claimed, the place where the spirits were made, and all other particulars set forth in the petition.

Candies.

IF the officer shall have cause to suspect, that candles are 5 tJ. 3. c.43-privately making, to avoid the duty, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one justice residing near to the place, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such candles as he shall there find so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making the same ; and also all such candles as lie shall find so concealed, together with the boxes or other package containing the same: j And the person that shall be found privately making such candles, or in whose possession any such ll'.all be found, shall 1 Forfeit tool.

No

7s

z; G.

Excise. (Candles.)

No person redding within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall make candles, unless he occupy a tenement of lot. per ann. and pay parish rates for the same; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor.

By S Aar., c. 9, monthly entries were to be made in London and Westminster, and entries every six weeks elsewhere, by all makers of candles j which clauses arc repealed, and by this aS, AH persons making candles shall every7 week make a true entry of the candles made within each week, at the next office of excise, on pain of forfeiting zol. and they shall pay and clear off all the duties within one week after such entry is made.

Six hours' notice within the limits of the head office of ex. cife in London, and twenty-four hours' notice elsewhere shall be given, before any chandler begins making candles, on penalty of 5c1.. if such notice is not given, and the making mud be begun within three hours of the time mentioned in the fail notice, or the notice is null and vuid.

If any officer of excise shall discover that the making of candles is privately carried on, without notice given, andhc shall c!;k over any person knowingly alii (ting therein, every person :b ciicovered shall forfeit 20I. over and above all penalties that the proprietor or maker of such candles shall be liable to; the crV.acer to ha stopt, detained, and conveyed by the said of-near of excise, and all other persons acting in his aid, before one or morejustice or justices of the peace, who, on confef-son, or proof by the oath of one or more credible witness, may convict the persons so discovered, who shall immediately pay the said aol. into the hands of the officer, cr shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for two months from the day of such conviction. The penalty and

c.fimprisonment to be doubled for the second offence. '.Jne moiety of the penalties imposed by this act, shall be to i;:s xm.mlty, the other to him or them that shall inform, dif-c; . rr. c: fee for the same. The r.ftion or suit mull be com-within three months, with treble costs to the ilcfen-J .ns, if the vt.-iiict shall pals in his or their favour.

Tea, Codec, and Chocolate.

ir any officer mail have cause to suspect, that any of the mM goo.!s fimll be concealed, if it is within the bills, then on oath made before two co ran idioms, or elsewhere, before one c.r more iuffice;. letting forth the ground of his suspicion, they may by warrant authorize fucit officer by day or night, but if in the nigh: titer, in presence of a constable, to enter

79

Excise* (Tea, Coffee, &c.)

the place suspected, andfeize and carry away the same (if found) as forfeited, together with the bags, canillers, and other package; and if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit look

Two of or any justice of peace, on complaint by n G. c. 30, an officer On oath, that he suspects any dealer not to have made true entries, may summon such suspected person to appear with his books, and examine him on oath touching the truth of his entry; and if he shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to make such oath he shall forfeit 20I.

If any person Avail dye or manufacture any floe leaves, li- 17 G. 3. c. rs. quorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leaves of any tree, Ihrub, or plant, in imitation of tea, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, he shall, for every pound of such leaves forfeit 5I. and on non-payment thereof, such justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid. — And if any person shall have in his custody any quantity (exceeding six pounds weight) of such leaves, and shall not prove, to the fr.tisfaction of the justice, that such leaves were gathered with the consent of the owner of the trees, for some other ufc and not for the purpose of manufacturing them in imitation of tea, and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness before,one justice, he shall for every pound of such green or manufactured leaves so found in his custody, forfeit the sum of 5I. and on nonpayment thereof, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid. —

And if any excise officer or other person shall have cause tO suspect that any such leaves shall be concealed in any place ; on oath made before a justice, letting forth the ground of his ful'picion, the justice may, if he judge it reasonable, by his warrant authorize such officer or other person, by day or night (but if in the night then in prefcncc of a constable) to enter such place, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such leaves, together with all the waggons, carts, b^xes,

&c. containing the same: and the said justice, or any other justice where such seizure shall be made, shall, on proof of the premises by the oath of one witness, by his warrant order the leaves so seized to be carried to some convenient place, and there to be burned or otherwise destroyed ; and the said waggons, carts, boxes, &c. to be sold, and the money arising by such falc, after deducting the charges of seizure and falc, and of the burning or otherwise destroying the leaves, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor: and if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit

8o

«i C. t. je.

11.

c,G.

c:5-

Excise. (Tea, Coffee, &c.)

forfeit jol. on conviction by the oath of one witness before onejuiUce; and on non-payment, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

Provided, that no such leaves shall be burned or otlierivife dciboyed, if the owner thereof shall, within 24 hours after seizure, prove to the satisfaction of the justice, that they were gathered with consent of the owner, for some other ufc; in which case the said leaves, &c. shall by order of such justice be tailored.

If any oSccr of excise shall find any increase in the fiock of any dealer in teas, coffee, See. [and spirituous liquors, unless by mixing water] since his last Carrey, such increase of the said fiock shall be forfeited, and the person in whose fiock such increase shall be found, shall also forfeit the sum of 20I.

The conviction shall be written on parchment or paper, in this or the like form: Be it remmhered, that on the ----- icy

cf ----- ir. the year ----- A. B. was, upon complaint ofC. D.

convicted before me cm of the justices of the peace for--ir.

purfnane: of r.s cS pajfti ir. the seventccrth year of the reign of his sr.ajejiy ring George the third for [here set forth the offence] Giver, und.r n:; hand andfeel the day redyear abomc written: And shall be certified by the justice to the next feifions; and shall not be quashed for want of form, nor removed by cer-ticrari into his majesty's court of king's bench.

On re-werking chocolate, proof shall be made (before the of within the bills, and before two justices else-vrhere) that the duties for the cocoa-nuts whereof it was made, and for those also which arc added, have been paid, and the chocolate entered.

If any person shall offer any tea to sale, not having a permit; or auy pedlar, or other trading person, going from town to town, altho'he have a permit; the person to whom it is offered to sale may seize and detain the same, and carry it to the next wr.rchouse belonging to the customs or excise, ana bring the person before .1 justice ,of the peace to he by him committed to prison, and prosecuted for the penalties incurred for such offence.

date.

KO person concerned in the giafs-trade, or in any glass-house, shall act as a justice in any matter relating to duties thereon.

Hops.

Excise. (Hops, &c.) 81

Hops.

IF the officer shall put his mark of the weight of the hops 14 G. 3> 65.

upon any bag, before he hath weighed such bags and hops therein, he shall forfeit 40s. on conviction before one justice, by confession,. or oath of one witness, by distress; half to the informer, and half to the overseers for the use of the'poor. —

And if any person ‘shall forge, alter, or obliterate any such mark on such bag. or pocket, he shall forfeit iol. in like manner.; and in default of payment, shall be imprisoned six months, or until he shall have paid the penalty. — Complaint shall be made within six calendar months.

If any person shall unlawfully and maliciously cut any hop* binds, fee Black AS.

Leather.

TANNERS and others shall, before the carrying away of 9 An. c. it. goods from the place of drying, make entry with the officer of the number and quality, and verify the same on oath, to be administered by any justice of the peace, or collector or supervisor; and they shall not remove any of the said goods, from the place of drying, until, the duty be first charged, entered, and marked. — Any two justices residing near, may hear and determine offences; who shall, on information or complaint in three months after seizure made, or offence committed, summon the party accused, and the witnesses, and on appearance or contempt of the party (on proof of no-I tice given) shall examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment, and issue warrants for levying the pecuniary penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed in six days). — And they may mitigate the penalties, the charges of the officers being always allowed over and above the mitigation ; and so as the mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one fourth pan, over and above the charges. — Persons aggrieved .may appeal to the next sessions. — And no certiorari shall be allowed.

Linen Cloth, Silks, and Cottons.

NO person shall use or wear in any apparel, any printed, jG.JI.i. c.j, painted, stained, or dyed callico; on . pain of 5I. to the informer, on conviction, on the oath of one witness before one justice; who shall, on information, on oath, in six days after the olfence, summon the party, and upon his appearance or;

M contempt

82

Excise. (Malt, Be.)

contempt examine the matter, and on proof by confession, or oath of one witness determine the same, and on conviction, cause the penalty to be levied by distress and sale, rendering the overplus (charges of distress and sale being firil deducted): provided that peffons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter sessions, giving six days notice.

7 O.f.r. Upon oath made by any person, that he hath reason to suspect, that any such Huffs are in the custody of any draper or other person for his use, without having thereupon such ffamps or marks as the law directs; two of within the bills, and two joffices elsewhere, shall issue their warrant to any officer of the customs, with the assistance of a constable, in the day time, to search for the same, and to seize such goods, and bring them to the next office for the said duties, — Une moiety of the penalties and forfeitures on this act shall be to the king, and the other moiety to him who shall sue. — If any question shall arise, whether any of the said feoffs wholly made of cotton were manufactured in Great Britain; the proof shall lie on the owner, and not on the prosecutor. — . he penalties of this act shall not extend to such cloths as are dyed altogether in blue;

Malt.

- Li. 6. THF. justices in sessions, and the Iteward in the Icet, mar v- to- hear and determine the time for making malt, as well by

preferment of iz men, as by accusation or information of two honest witnesses. — If the bailiffs and constables of the town where malt shall be made, or put to sale, shall find it to be evil made or mingled with evil malt, they shall, with the advice of one justice, cause it to be sold to such persons; and at such reasonable prices, and under the common price of the market, as to him shall seem necessary and expedient, li i. After the duty is paid, if any quantity shall be damaged

r- by the sinking of the vessel in which the malt shall be tran-

sported from one part of the kingdom to another; the justices shall, at the next sessions, on proof of such damage and of the payment of the duty,- settle the quantity of the damage, and the allowance to be made in respect thereof, and give a certificate of the sum allowed, which shall bear the same proportion to the whole duty, as the damage shall bear to the value of the malt: on producing of which certificate, the officer shall repay or allow to the proprietor the sum certified. — But where lsch foss shall happen, the person who shall sustain the same, shall three days before the next sessions, leave notice thereof in writing with the collector of the district where the loss shall happen, and of his intention of applying to the said sessions. — After the duty is paid, if any malt shall be

destroyei)

S3

Excise, (Paper, &c.)

destroyed by (ire; the owner may make proof thereof by two witnesses on oath, and of his having paid the duty, at the next quarter sessions, where such accident shall happen ; who shall grant a certificate of such loss, on producing of which, the duty shall be repaid.

The penalties relating to this article (except where it is 34. G. z.1.40. otherwise directed) shall be sued for, levied, and mitigated as by the laws of excise, or in the courts at Westmin-l'tcr; and be applied half to the use of the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Persons aggrieved by any judgment of the justices, may ap- G. z. ft. z. peal to the next quarter sessions, giving six days notice in ';0-writing.

And the sessions may award cods to either party, to be le- 1:1 - /' V vied by warrant of the justices, or two of them, on the goods

of the party___And no certiorari shall be allowed, to set afidc

any order of the justices.

Paper.

ALL the excise laws shall be in force for managing these 346. z. c. ;c. duties; and the penalties shall be sued for, levied, mitigated' and disposed of, as by the laws of excise.

By 21 Geo. 5. c. 24. the statutes of to and 21 Ann. and 13 Geo. 3. respecting the duties on paper, &c. arc repealed, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof.

After the duties by this act imposed'on paper, &c. if any quantity of paper, &c. shall happen to be damaged by the calling away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the said paper shall be transported from one part of this kingdom to another within the same, the justices of the peace, where such accident shall happen, shall at the next general quarter leflions to be held for such county, Sec. upon proof of fitch damage, and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine, and iettic the quantity of the damage; and give a certificate under their hands and seals of the sum allowed — Where any such loss or damage shall happen as aforesaid, the person or persons who shall fullain the same shall, three days at leal! before the next quarter sessions, give or leave notice, in writing thereof with the collector of excise, of his and their intention of applying, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace, for an allowance iq respect of such damage or loss.

Plate.

EVERY goldsmith, lilversmith, and plate-worker, shall, 11 " >3 W' before he takes upon him to exercise the said trade, enter his name and mark, and place of abode, with the wardens of the M 2 company

84

Excise. (Plate, Sc.)

company where an assayer is: And if he shall not make such entry, or shall (trike any other mark, but what is so entered, .he shall forfeit double value, half to the king, and half to him that shall foe.

Q'.. .. ..... No goldsmith or (ilvcrsmith shall fell any piece of plate or goods, or any ware in which the quantity of gold shall be of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or in which the quantity of hirer shall be of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, unless he shall have first paid a duty of 5I. for a licence. And this licence to be taken out yearly, ten days before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking ont the first licence; under a penalty of 20I. This act extends to persons felling gold or silver plate by auction, and also to pawnbrokers and refiners, who are required yearly to renew their licence.

c.z. c. $t. Prosecutions for offences against this act may be in the courts at Westminster: or otherwise, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same may be before three of of excise, and in case of appeal before the of of appeal; and elsewhere, before two justices residing near to the place where the offence was committed.

ji. And the said of and jollices respectively, shall

upon complaint or information on oath summon the party accused ; and upon his appearance or contempt, shall proceed to the examination of the fact; and on due proof made there-of by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give judgment; and i.Tuc warrants under their hands for levying the penalties by di!irefr, (if not redeemed in 14. days) ; and for want of fuf. ficient distress, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction be made.

-- G. 2. c. z-- And they may mitigate the penalties of 20I. as by the laws of excise.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

.'! All forfeitures (the necessary charges for the recovery there.

of being first deducted) shall be distributed, half to the king, and half to him who shall inform or sue.

Salt.

.; ir. c. -. NO person shall be capable of any office relating to tltefc duties (other than that of chief commissioner) until he shall, before two of, or two justices of the peace where he shall be appointed officer, take the oaths of allegiance and fispremacy, and the oath of office, i- tj : ;r. c. Where any rock salt, for which the duties shall have been paid or secured, shall be melted and refined, the person who shall

Excise. .(Salt, &c.) 85

shall refine it, shall have an abatement out of the duty of the white salt, of so much as was charged on the said rock so meited and refined; so ns the rock so refined were before the melting thereof weighed in the presence of the officer; and so as oath be first made before a justice near adjoining, of the particular quantity of rock salt by such refiner employed in making the said white salt; and so as due proof be made upon oath or otherwise, that the duties for the said rock salt so refined were paid or secured.

The collector shall provide at every salt-work or pit, fuf- 7 $ ty. c.gi.

(icient feales and weights for weighing the salt that shall be delivered from thence; and one or more persons living near,

shall be admitted and sworn to the true weighing of such salt, before one justice near adjoining, without fee; and he shall be paid by the collector or officer for the duties. — The lord mayor and aldermen in London, and the justices of the peace in the country at their general sessions, may set and publifii in writing the prices of salt, and alter the same as there shall be occasion; and persons refusing to fell at such price, or felling at a higher price, shall forfeit 5I. half to the king, and half to the informer, by distress, by warrant of the lord mayor, or any such justice; and in default of sufficient distress, shall be imprisoned, till paid.

No person dealing'i'n salt, shall fell it otherwise than by g 810 O'. e.6. weight, after the rate of 56 pounds to the bushel, on pain of jl. to the informer; to be determined by two justices residing near: And the party grieved may appeal to the next sessions.

And the said justices shall on complaint summon the party accused, and on appearance or contempt examine the matter, and on proof by the oath of two witnesses, or confession, give judgment, and shall illite their warrant to levy the same by distress, and cause sale thereof to be made, if not redeemed in six days, rendering the overplus, and for want of sufficient distress, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction is nude.

No person shall lay salt otherwise than by weight, and not 1 An.ft. t. e. n by measure; on pain of 10s. a bushel, and so proportionably. ^

Where any salt that hath paid duty is loll at fca, the mcr- i8gAa. c. 14. chant or owner of the salt shall, on proof made by the oath "

of two witnesses, whereof the mailer or mate shall be one, at the quarter-sessions, that the same was not occasioned by any negligence or default of the mailer or mariners, receive from the said sessions a certificate that such proof was made before them j and on producing the certificate to the salt officer, he shall let him buy the like quantity duty free.

If any person is aggrieved by an order of two justices re- io£?iijr.f.is. lating to the duties upon salt, or to any forfeiture or offence concerning the same; he may appeal to the next quarter sessions.

But

Excise. (Salt, Be.)

But no dealer in lait shall act as a justice of the peace la any matter relating to the duties upon salt; and if there shall not be a fufndent number of justices in any corporation, not dealers in salt, the justices of the county shall have power to act therein.

Soap.

THE duty on all soap made within the kingdom is one penny half-penny a pound.

No maker shall have any private pipe or conveyance, on pain of 200I. And if any person shall obliruft the officer in such search, he shall forfeit tool. — Provided, that if upon search no such pipe shall be found, the officer shall make good any damage done to the ground, wall, or other place, or make satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next jnffice;; or he may bring his action lor the damages.

If the officer shall have cause to suspect, that liiap is privately making in any place, or that any soap is concealed with intent to avoid the duty, in such case, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one justice residing near to the place, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a con liable) to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such soap, as he shall there find lo privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making of soap; and likewise all such soap as they shall find l'o concealed, together with the boxes or other package: And the person that shall be found privately making soap, or in whole possession such soap shall be found, shall forfeit iool.

Where any such soap shall be seized as forfeited, and no person shall claim the same in 20 days, the justices shall proceed to trial and condemnation thereof. And the judgment thereon shall not be liable to any appeal, or be removed by

certiorari_But in any other case, if the party is not satis-

licJ with any judgment of the justices, he may appeal to the next quarter-session. — And on information, the mitigation lha.ll not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, over and above the colls to be allowed.

Spirituous Liquors.

IF any officer of the excise have cause to suspect, that any foreign spirits shall be fraudulently concealed in any place, entered or no: entered, if it is within the bills of mortality,'

then

Excise; (Spirituous Liquors,)

then on oath made before two of, if elsewhere, before one justice, where he suspefh them to be concealed, setting forth the ground of his suspicion j he or they may by special warrant authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter, seize, and carry away the same as forfeited, together with the calks or vessels: And if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit tool.

If any officer of excise shall have cause to suspect any pri- io fef vate Hill, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, walh, or < 4-other materials prepared for distillation, to be set up or kept in any place, and shall make affidavit before a julkice of the peace, and therein declare the grounds of his. suspicion, he may in the day-time, and in pretence of a constable, by war-tan t.from such justice to be directed to such officer of excise, break open the door or any part of such suspected house or place, and enter and seize the same, and detain them there ; and if they shall not in zo days be claimed by the owner, they shall be forfeited, and sold at the next general day of falc; and if they be claimed in zo days, the person claiming shall forfeit for every warehouse or other place, in which any such dill,', back, or other vedel shall be found, and also for every such dill, back, and other vessel found therein, zool.

. He shall, by a subsequent aft, incur this forfeiture, whe- io &' ther he shall make any such claim or not. r- -1-

In case any officer or officers of excise shall know, or have -3 G. cause to suspect, that any private or concealed dill, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, walk, of other materials, preparing for distillation, arc set up or kept in any house or place: if such house or place shall be within the limits j of the chief office of excise, upon oath made by such officer or officers before the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them ; or, in case the same shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, where such officer I or officers shall lufpeft the same to be set up and kept, setting forth the ground of such his or their suspicion ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of excise, or judice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such ; affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge i: it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respec-

; tive hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, by day or night, (but if in the night-time, then j in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the ! peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein), to break open the doors or any part of such house I or place, where he or they shall so know or suspect such pri-8 vate'

S7

II ?>-

11 JF.

88

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

rate or concealed still, back, &c. are so set np and kept, and to enter into such house or place, and to seize all and every such Hills, or other vc&els, and all such materials preparing for dilBllarion, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where fonnd, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the place where the same shall be so- discovered and found ; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such feiznre, be claimed by the true and lawful owner thereof, then the said- materials for distillation shall be abfo-Intely. forfeited, and the proprietor of any such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, or the person in whole costody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every place in which every such private still, back, or other vessel, shall be so found, and also for every such still, back, and vessel, found therein, the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any person or persons shall obstru'ft, oppose, moled, or binder, any officer or others in their duty, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, iAnd, from September 29, 1785, any person v/ho shall be 3 *' found aiding and affitling in any private distillation, shall forfeit 30I. over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor, or person in whose enstody or possession the same shall be found, is now subject and liable unto; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons acting in their aid and alii dance, to Hop, arrest, and detain, all persons so discovered, and to convey them before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty re-ipectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the part)', or by proof on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid : and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner as herein-after is directed; and on such offender or offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid, shall and way, by warrant or warrants nnder his or their hand and seal, or hands and feats, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county. &c. there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, file, or they, shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or until the expiration of the said

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.) 89

six months; and the period or persons so convicted, again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit arid pay, firs such second offence, the sum of sixty pounds, and shall bi. committed to the house of correction in mariner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the term of one year, or until the said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid.

But if on breaking open any such door or house, no such io & n private (till, or other vessel for difiillation, shall be found, the c' 4* officer shall make good the house or place so broken up, or make satisfaction to the owner to be adjudged by the two next justices (] iP.); or the party injured may bring his action for the damages; and if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit 200I.

Every person keeping any walh (it for distillation, and 19 G. -j.t; $<n having in his possession any (till, the cubic contents of which, when the head is on, will amount to two gallons, proof thereof being made, by the oath of one witness, before one commissioner of excise or justice, shall be deemed a common distiller for sale, and liable to the furirey and duties.

No distiller shall have any private pipe or flop cock, or 10 g? u other conveyance, by which any walh or other liquors fit for t. 4. difiillation may be conveyed from one back or vessel to another* on pain of tool.

The excise officer in the day time, and id ptcfence of a constable, on request made arid cause declared, may break up the ground in any distilling-house, or the ground near adjoining, to search; and on finding such pipe or other conveyance, may break up the ground, house, wall, &c. through or into which any such pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and may break or cut any such pipe or other cOhveyance, and may turn any cock to try whether such pipe may convey any walh or other liquor. — And if no such pipe or private conveyance be found, the officer shall make good the ground, wall, house, or other place, or make reasonable satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices (1 <9.) or the party injured may bring his action for damages; the same to be paid by the of out of the revenue of excise.

And if any person obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit took The officer at all times, by day or night (but if in the night, gG.s. «>}> in presence of a constable, oath being first made before a justice dwelling near of a probable cause of suspecting a concealment) may ‘enter into all such warehouses, (hops, or other places, and by tailing, gaging, or otherwise, take an account of the quantity and quality ; and if any such retailer shall hinder the officer, he shall forfeit 50I,

% No mention is here made of a vmrant, but only lilt having made oath: Itlhould Teem that a warrant would be necessary to judify the officer's entrance.

N N*

go Excise. (Spirikious Liquors.)

S G. r. 1$.

16 G.z. c. t.

;.f. zS.

x6 G. 2. c. S.

26 C.2. r. 13. g G. j- c» 6*

24 G. 3. c. 4c.

No foreign spirits, although under one gallon, shall be received into the custody of any retailer, without a permit, signifying that the duties were paid, or that they had. been condemned, on pain of forfeiting' the same, and the vessel.

No person shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors or ilrong waters, mixed or unmixed, without a licence taken out ten days before, for which he shall pay 40s. yearly. — And such person shall also be first licensed to fell ale, &c. by two or more justices of the peace.

And the justices of the peace, and other officers, shall have the same jurisdiction over such retailers of spirituous liquors, as they have ever alehousekeepers.

Persons retailing, or felling less than two gallons, without licence, shall forfeit 10I. and on non-payment when demanded, one justice, on oath of such neglect, shall commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months, or till paid.

And the said penalty shall in no case be mitigated below the sum of 5I.

The justices may, if they think proper, inllead of levying the penalty, commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months. — All the dillilled spirituous liquors that shall be then, or at any time within six months after conviction, found in his custody, shall, by warrant of the said of, or of one justice, be seized, and (laved, or otherwise destroyed: And any peace or parish cjf.ar, authorized by such warrant, may at any time, in six months after conviction, enter such places, and break open doors, if not opened on demand. And if any person. shall offend again in like manner, the of or justices before whom he shall be convicted of such subsequent offences, may inflict the penalties by any former law to be inflicted for such offence, and also commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding three months.

And the conviction shall be in this form, or to the like effect, viz.

Middlesex. A. B .is convicted on his own confefifion (or on the oath of A. W.) of having fold Jlrcng waters in the parish of

----- its this county, on the--- day of ----- -- without being duly

licensed thereto: This is the first or J'econd conviction. Given Uriel- tny hand and seal, &c.

And the of, or one justice, on oath of any offence against this act, may grant a warrant to any of the peace officers, or other parish ojficer, to enter and search the houses and other places, where the offence shall be sworn to have been committed, or in the occupation of the persons

sworn

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.) 91

(Worn to be guilty thereof, and they may break open .'the doors, if not opened on demand, and seize all such distilled spirituous liquors as they shall there find, and detain the same, till the offence shall be heard and determined; and if the offender be convicted, the liquors shall be forthwith Saved; and if he be not convicted, the same shall be re-llored.

No person shall hawk, fell. Or expose to sale any spiritu- 9 c.z. c, 13. ous liquors about the streets, .highways, or fields, in any wheel-barrow or balket, or on the water in any boat, or in any other manner; or shall sell or expose the same to fate, on any bulk. Hall, or filed, or any place other than in taverns, victualling-houses, inns, coffee-houses, or ale-houses, on pain ,7 c.-. e. 17-of jol. . And one justice on his own view, or confession, or proof of one witness, may convict him; whereupon he shall immediately pay the 10I. to a. churchwarden or overseer:

And on refusal or neglect, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for two months, to be reckoned from the day of commitment; and he shall not be discharged till he pay the sum. or till the two months be expired. If there is no informer, it shall be wholly to the use of the poor; otherwise. half to the informer, and half to the poor.

And any one justice, on information on oath against such u G. a* r.16. person, may (without any previous summons) issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing him before such justice where the offence was committed. — And any person may seize and .detain him, until he may give notice to the con-liable, churchwarden, overseer, or other peace or parish officer, who shall carry the person so seized and detained, before a justice of the peace, who shall proceed thereon as in the case where he is brought by the constable.

No licence shall be granted for retailing of any spirituous a. (.40. liquors within any gaol, prison, or house of .correction, work-house, or house of entertainment for parish poor. — And any justice, on information on oath that spirituous liquors or llrong waters are kept and disposed of in any such place, may enter and search, or empower by warrant any constable to search for and seize all such liquors as shall be found (except such as are directed to be used medicinally) and to Have and dellroy the same. — And if any person shall bring, or endeavour to bring any such liquors (except in the way of medicine as before-men tinned) into any such gaol or other place, the gaoler or his servants may apprehend and carry such offender before any justice of the peace, who shall hear and determine such offence in a summary way; and if by the oath of one witness, or otherwise, such person shall be-convicted, he N z shall

92 Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

shall be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, for any timenot exceeding three months, unless he shall immediately pay down such fine not exceeding zol. and not less than tol. as the justice shall impose, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor of such prison or, workhouse. — And the gaoler, keeper, matter, or other officer, shall procure a copy of this regulation, to be printed or fairly written, and hung up in one of the most public places of his gaol, house of con rection, or workhouse aforesaid, and renew the same from time to time,- so that it be always kept fair and legible; on pain of 40s. by warrant of one justice, on oath of one witness. And any justice may enter and demand a fight of it; and if it shall not be shewn to him hung up in some public place fair and legible, he shall immediately convict such person, and so from time to time, as often as he shall think (it; half to be to the informer, and half (or the whole, if there

be no informer) to the poor of such gaol or other place_

No person shall recover any debt on account of spirituous liquors, unless it shall Bonn jide have been contracted at one time to the amount of 20s. or upwards: And if any retailer, with or without a licence, shall take any pawn by way of security for payment of any money for such liquors, he shall forfeit 40=. by warrant of one justice, half to the poor, and half to the informer; and the owner shall have such remedy for recovering such pawn, as if it had never been pledged.

If any persons to the number of five or more, shall in a riotous manner assemble to refeue any offenders against any act relating to spirituous liquors, or to assault any person who shall have given or is about to give any information against, or shall seize or bring to justice any offender, he, his aider: and abettors, shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

Sellers without a permit, or pedlars with one, punishable as in the case of tea, &c.

For spirits drawn from British corn, there was to be allowed a drawback by the excise officers at the port of shipping, of 4I. iSs. a ton, in full of all drawbacks.

There was to be an additional drawback of 24I. 10s. a ton on all liritish-niade spirits exported 5 oath being made before two of of excise, or justices of the peace, that the duties were paid, and that the same were to be exported for

fgtrekandiae to be spent beyond the feas_And on oath being

made before one commissioner or justice of the peace, or other person authorized by the of, that the duties are paid, and that the same are to be shipped as (lores to be spent in the voyage; and on certificate from the officer of excise where such spiritr were shipped, of the quantity so shipped, and that the same were proof spirits, and shipped in the pre-

9 a. - - 35-iC. - »:

33 9‘

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

fence of fitch officer; the duty shall be allowed or paid back.- — Provided, that no drawback shall-be: allowed- for 'Tpirits shipped 'as/om, in'any vessel oflefs than. Too tons burden. ;

Onodthmadebefdretw'o1 of of excise, -or'jof. zq. c lices of the peace ‘for the: place from which spirits are ini tended to be exported,:;that the same were drawn and: made in Great Britain fronrcbrrtunder the regulations of this-aft, and that the same, are to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; the 'distiller (Kail be paid by the commissioners of excise,' or their collector for the port or-place where'such spirits shall be shipped, the bounty of 3!. ias. a ton,' and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity; --'* Provided, that no drawbacklhall be allowed, for any ;Bri. .. c.», tish-ma'de Tpirits, exported as merchandize,- in any calk containing less than 100 'gallops, or in any vessel of less burthen than ioo tons. ‘'

---- Except to Africa, and Newfoundland ; unto which 6 c. 3.

places they may he exported as merchandize, in any' vessel not being of less burthen than 70 tons.

On oath made before two of or julliccs, that SC. 3. < the rum is to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond thcfcas; and on producing a certificate from the excise-ofli-ccr of the.quantity shipped, and that a certificate was produced from the proper officer of delivery from the warehouse, on bond being given for the due exportation thereof, and also upon delivery of such M-mentioned certificate, the person having custody of the bond for payment of the duties shall deliver it up; or'if only a part of the rum contained in thb bond shall be certified to be shipped off, then such quantity shall be indorsed upon the bond.

A like drawback shall be allowed for. two years, for rum ,9 c;. 3. exported as flares to be spent in the voyage.

The justices within the limits of the head office of excise in 24 G- London, shall once in every month transmit to the clerk of the peace, a certificate of all persons convicted before them for any offences again it this or any former act relating to spirituous liquors, or for Ticenfing the retailers thereof; who shall keep and enter the same among the records of the court: which certificate shall be evidence upon any information relating to spirituous liquors.

Starch and Hair Powder.

IF any officer of the duties upon (larch or of the culloms, shall have any cause to fufpcfl that (larch is privately making in any place, or concealed; then upon oath made before any commissioner or justice refilling near, setting forth the ground

cf

93

5-

9.

c. 46. . 15.

c. 40.

94

Excise.: (Starch, &c.J- v

of his suspicion.such commilSon«r,.or justice may issue his warrant, to authorize such ofEcer'By .day or night (but, if in the night, in presence of a constable)' ,to' enter such suspected place, and seize and,carry avyay the same.with the materials, as forfeited, together with the boxes and other things containing it: and unless the party make itappear that the duty has been paid, he shall forfeit col."arid.iF.any perfori obstrufi

the officer, he Hull forfeit tool.' : ..

4. a. 3. c. 14. The officers of excise or customs‘jriay~ seize any 'torch or hair powder, with the horses and package, where they have good reason to suspefl that it hath been privately made, or imported without payment of duty, dr relanded after drawback : and shall in ,ten. days exhibit an information before three of of excise, or two justices near where the seizure is madeand if ,the party doth not make it appear that the duty hath been paid, it' shall be forfeited, together with the horses and package; and the offender shall likewise forfeit jl. for every hundred weight.

G. 1.1. at. And where any such torch shall be seized as forfeited, and no person foal! claim the £tmc in :o days, the justices shall proceed to trial and.condemnation thereof: and the judgment thereon shall not be liable to appeal, nor be removed by certiorari.

If the party is not satisScd with any judgment of the justices, on the act of 25 G. z. 21, above-mentioned, he may appeal to the next quarter sessions (except in the case beforementi. oned, where no person shall claim the goods seized) and tht mitigation on the said act of 23 G. 2. shall not reduce the pe. salty to less than a fourth part, over and above the charges.

Exportation.

zi G..... T F any person in Great Britain or Ireland, shall pack or put J- on board any vessel, for exportation to foreign parts, any ma. chine, tool, or ntenfjl, tried in the woollen, cotton, linen, or f:lk manufactures, or any model of such machines, &c. any justice may grant awarrant for seizing such machines. &c, and bringing such person before him; and if a farisfaflory account be not given to the justice, he may detain such machines, etc. and bind the party to appear at the next assizes, or quarter sessions of the peace, with reasonable sureties; and on neglect of giving security, the party snay be committed to the common goal or house of correction, there to be kept until the next assizes, or next quarter sessions; and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be convicted, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit all

Exportation. 95

such machines. &c. but also the sum of twoh'undred pound5 of lawful money of Great Britain ; and shall also suffer imprisonment in the common gaol, prison,' or hbiile of .correction, for the space of twelvemonths, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid; '

And if oath shall be made before a justice of any such prohibited machines, &c.'lieing intended to be exported, they may be seized.and detained, and the person in'whose possessionthey are found may be bound to appear at the"next assizes, or quarter sessions of the peace. ' ‘

Extortion.

EXTORTION, in, n-large sense, signifies any.oppression'] Haw. 170.

under colour of right; but in a drift sense, it signifies the taking of money by any officer, by colour, of his office, either where none at all is due, or not fib much is due, or where it is not yet due. ....

The justices of the peace are bound by their oath of office, Dali. c. 41-to take nothing for their office of justice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and colts limited by statute.

And generally, no' public officer shall take any other fees W. or rewards, for doing any thing relating to his office, than-some statute in force gives him, or than hath been anciently and accultomably taken; and' if he do otherwise, he is guilty of extortion. — The fees in sessions, for traversing, trying, or distharging indictments, discharging recognizances, and the like, do vary according to the different cultoms in different places.

Felony.

IT would be very tedious to set down every thing which may be comprehended under this word Felony; therefore it is necessary to refer the consideration of the several particular kinds of felonies to their respective titles; as Homicide, Rcilery, Burglary, Rape, Coin, Forgery, and especially Larceny.

The course and whole procedure of trying an offender, is treated of under the title SeJJlom.

The felon shall pay the charges of his carrying to gaol, if 3 7 'la-able; to be levied by distress by warrant of one justice.

If he is not able, the same shall be paid, by order of such 17 G. 1. 3.

justice, by the treasurer out of the county rate; and in Mid-

dlcsex.

96

Felony.

dlesex, by the overseers of the poor, where the party was ap; prenended.

15 G. a. t. 36. The-court, before whom any person hath been tried and ecnviSed of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, may at the prayer of the prosecutsr, and on consideration of his cir-cnmliances, order the treasurer of the county in which the offence Lhall hare committed, to pay him such sum as they shall judge reatonable, not exceeding the expellees he was pat to in carrying on the prosecution, with a reasonable allowance for his time and trouble. jS G. 3. r. 19- The justices in sessions may lay down or alter from time to time, such rules and regulations concerning any cods or charges thereafter to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act; which roles and regulations, have received the approbation and signature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

17 G a. r. 3. When any poor person shall appear on recognizance to give evidence, whether any bill of indictment be preferred or not, the court may order the treasurer to pay him such sum as they shall think reasonable.

14 C. 3. c. as. Every person, charged with any felony or other crime, against whom no bill of indictment shall be found, or who shall on trial be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by proclamation for want of prosecution, shall be immediately set at large in open court, without paying any fee to the sheriff or gaoler; and such fees as had been usually paid, not exceeding 15s. qd. for each person, shall, on the certificate of a judge or judice before whom such prisoner shall have been discharged, be paid out of the general county rate.

Misprision of Felony

t II. II. 374- IS the concealing of a felony which a man knows, but never consented to The punishment of which, in a common per-Ei. j. c. 9. son, is fine and imprisonment; in an officer, as sheriff, Sc.

imprisonment for a year, and ransom at the king's pleasure.

If any person will favehimself from the crime of misprision, 4 I'h. 140. jje ma^ d-fcover the offence to a magistrate with all the speed

that he can.

1II.

Theftbotc

IS, where one not only knows of a felony, but takes his goods again, or other amends not to prosecute.

Firework

97

Fireworks;.

IF any person shall make or fell any fireworks, or imple- 9 £f io W. c.7 ments for making the same, he shall, on conviction before one justice, or chief magistrate, by confession, or by oath of two witnesses, forfeit 5I. half to the poor, and half to the prosecutor; to be levied by distress, by warrant of such justice or chief magistrate. — And if any person shall permit any the same to be call or fired, from his house or other place thereto belonging, into any public street or road, or any other place, he shall forfeit zos'. in like manner. — And if any person shall call or fire the same into any public street; house; &c. he shall forfeit zos. in like manner, or be- committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, unless he shall sooner pay the forfeiture. — But nothing herein shall extend to the office of the ordnance) or to the artillery company.

fish and Fishing. See Game.

Forcible Entry- and detainer;,

NONE shall make any entry into any lands or tenements, S if. 6. r. 9.

or other possessions, but where entry is- given by the law; and in such case not with Itrong hand, nor with multitude of people, but only in a peaceable and cafy manner; on pain of imprisonment and ransom at the king's will.

The party grieved, if he will lofc the benefit of his treble damages and colts, may be aided and have the assistance of the justices at the general sessions, by way of indictment on the statute of 8 H. 6.

In the caption of which indictment, it will be sufficient to 1 Haiv. 147. say, jujtiui assigned to keep the peace of our lord the king, without shewing that they have authority to hear and determine felonies and trespasses; for the statute enables all justices of the peace, as such, to take such indictment and the tenement in which the force was made, mull be described with convenient certainty; and mult set forth that the defendant 2ftually entered; and ousted the party grieved; and con-linucth his possession at the time of finding the indictment.

But if a man's wife, children, or servants do continue in Do!:, e. 132. the house or upon the land, he is not ousted of his possession.

For a more speedy remedy, the party grieved may com- s 6- c- 9-plain to any one justice, or to a mayor, ihcriif, or baililf, within their liberties.

0

But

98

- 44-

S. i.: lJ.

15R.--. e. : H. 6. c.

H.

-.1r.:. c.

Forcible Entry and Detainer.

Bat aitho' or.c justice alone may proceed in such cases, yet it may be adviseable for him, if the time for viewing the force will fairer ir, to take to his assistance one or two more justices.

After complaint made to such justice, by the party grieved, of a forcible entry made into lands, tenements, or other posses-iions, or forcible holding thereof, he shall, within a convenient time, at the colls of the party grieved (without any examining or llanding upon the right or title of either party) take sufficient power of the county, and go to the place where such force is made.

: And if after such entry made, the justice shall find such force, he shall cause the offenders to be arrested.

All such justices onght to make a record of such force by them viewed; which record shall be a sufficient conviction of the offenders, and the parties shall not be allowed to traverse it: and this record, being made out of the sessions, by a particular justice, may be kept by him j or he may make it indented, and certify the one part into the king's bench, or leave it with the clerk of the peace, and the other part he may keep himself.

- And the offenders, being arrested (as before is said) shall be put in the next gaol, there to abide convict by the record of the same justice, until they have made fine and ransom to the king.

9- The justice shall make his precept to the sheriff, commanding him in the king's behalf, to cause to come before him, sufficient and indifferent persons, dwelling next about the lands so entered, to enquire of such entries: whereof every man shall have lands or tenements of 40s. a year, above re-prizes. And the sheriff shall return issues on every of them, at the day of the first precept returnable 20s. and at the second day 40s. and at the third iocs, and at every d.ay after double. And the sheriff making default, shall on conviction before the same justice, or before the judge of assize, forfeit act. half to the king, and half to him who shall sue, with coils; and moreover shall make fine and ransom to the king.

And if such forcible entry or detainer be found before such justice, then the said justice shall cause to refeize the lands and tenements so entered orholden, and shall restore the party put out, to the full possession of the same.

" No restitution upon an indictment of forcible entry. Or holding with force, shall be made, if the person indicted have had the occupation, or been in quiet possession for three years together next before the indictment found, and his estate

AM prorie of tns as well the ihsiitFas others, (nail be attendant on the justices, to er:c:'. the offender; on rain of imprisonmen: and line to the kir.s. ‘ , .

therem

99

Forcible Entry and Detainer.

therein not determined; and if it is found against the party indicted, he shall pay such costs and damages as the judges or justices shall assess; to be recovered as colls and damages in judgment on other actions.

Such judges, justices, or justices of the peace, as may give si J. c. 15. restitution unto tenants of any estate of freehold, may give the like unto tenants for term of years, &c. of lands or tenements by them so holden, which shall be entered upon by force, or holden from them by force.

Although regularly the justices only who were present at Ddt. c. 44. the enquiry, and when the indictment was found, ought to award restitution, yet if the record be certified by the justice or justices into the king's bench, the justices of that court may award a writ of restitution to the sheriff, to restore pof-session to the party expelled. — If a forcible entry or detainer shall be made by three persons or more, it is also a riot, and may be proceeded against as such, if no enquiry hath before been made of the force.

Foreign Service.

O

ON complaint on oath before a justice, that any person is 35 G. c.

endeavouring to seduce or draw away any manufacturer or artificer, or that he hath contracted or is preparing to go out of the kingdom, he may iftiie his warrant to bring such person before him or some other justice ; and if it shall appear to such justice by confession, or the oath of one witness, that such person was guilty of any the said offences, he may bind him over to the next assizes or sessions, to answer the premises; and if he shall upon indictment be there convicted of any such promise or contract, or preparation to go beyond the seas, he shall give such security, not to depart out of the realm, as such court shall think reasonable, and be imprisoned until such security be given.

If any person shall contract with, or endeavour to persuade 13 G. s. e. 13. or seduce any artificer in the manufactures of Great-Britain, to go into any foreign country, not belonging to the crown of Great-Britain, and shall be thereof convicted, in twelve months, in the king's bench, or at the assizes, he dial I, for every such person, forfeit 500I. and be imprisoned in the common gaol for iz months, and till payment of the forfeiture ; and for a second or other subsequent offence, shall forfeit iooool. and be imprisoned two years, and till payment.

If any person shall have in his possession tools or implc. >4 3,r,7'-

ments proper for the cotton or linen, miooHen or ftlk manufactures, and oath shall be made before one justice that there is O 2 reason

100

23 G* s.

c*:.z44

iZ C. 3.

Foreign Service.

reason to believe such person hath in his possession such tools or implements or part thereof, with intent to export the same to some other part or place than Great Britain or Ireland, such justice shall issue his warrant to seize all such tools or implements, and parts thereof, and also to bring the person complained of before him or some other justice: And if he shall not give a satisfactory account to such justice, of the nfe or purpose to which such tools or utensils are intended to be appropriated, the said justice shall cause the same to be detained, and bind the person so charged, with reasonable sureties, to appear at the next assizes or sessions; and if he shall not give such security, the justice shall commit him to gaol till the next assizes or sessions, and until he shall be delivered by due course of law. And if he shall be there convicted, he shall forfeit 200I — rAll which forfeitures, by this act inflicted on offenders, shall be applied half to the king, and half to him who shall sue.

If any subject shall enlist or enter himself, or if any person shall procure any subject to enlist or enter himself to serve any foreign prince, without his majesty's leave, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. But if any person enlisted, or enticed to go beyond the seas in order to be enlisted, as a non-commission officer or private soldier, in any foreign service, shall in 14 days voluntarily discover upon oath, before any justice or other civil magistrate, the person by whom he was enlisted or enticed, so as he be convicted, he shall be indemnified.

Forgery.

FORGERY is an offence at common law, and an offence also by statute.

Mr. Barlew fays, that ajnllice of the peace may take an information thereof, bind over the informers, examine the offender, certify his examination to the proper jodges, and commit him to prison in order to abide his trial, r. iS. If any person shall falsly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or willingly act or assisi in the false making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or the number or principal sum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other feenrity for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods, with intent to defraud any person Or corporation ; or shall utter or publish the same as true, with intent to defraud any person or corporation, knowing the same to be false, he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Frame-

101

Frame-W ork-Knitters.

LL frame-work knitted pieces and dockings, made of 6 G. 3. r. 19-

thread, cotton, worded, or yarn, or of any mixture therewith,'shall be marked with the same number of -ilet-holes, and no more, as there are threads'contained in each piece or pair. — And if any frame-work-knitter, holier, of other person, shall sell or expose to sale, any of the said goods, not so marked as aforesaid, he shall forfeit the same, and also 5I. for each piece or pair. — And one judice where the offence shall be committed (not being a frame-work knitter, holier, or proprietor of frames) may convict the offender, oti the oath of one witness: And if the penalties or forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, the said judice shall iflite his warrant to levy the same by didrefs; and if no goods, or not fuliicient, can be found, such judice shall, on oath made to him by the person who shall have the execution of the warrant, commit the offender to the common gaol of the place where the offence was committed, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalties and forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied. All which penalties and forfeitures shall be applied, half to the informer, and half to the poor. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions: And the justices there, on due proof of notice given, and recognizance entered into, shall hear and determine the same. — Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to abridge or take'away any rights or privileges, of the mader, wardens, and adidants, of the company of frame-work-knitters.

ALL billets shall contain, in length three feet and four 10^n. c.6. inches, and be aflized and marked; otherwise, on information to a judice of the peace, mayor, or other head officer, he shall call before him fix good and lawful men of the town, and shall swear them truly to enquire and present, whether the same be of good and fuliicient assize, and if they shall prefenc that any of them is not fuliicient, the same so being deficient, shall be forfeited, and be delivered to the overseers, to be by them distributed to the poor.

WHERE any person for an offence against any law SC.r. 19.

in being at the making of this act, for the better preservation of the game, shall be liable to pay a.ny. pecuniary penalty or sum of money, on conviction before a judice

Game.

of

102 Game.

of the peace, the prosecutor may either proceed to recover the same in such manner as that law directs, or he may sue for the same (before the end of the second term after the oifence committed, 26 G. z. c. a.) by action of debt, or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record at Westminster, wherein if he recovers, he shall have double costs, e C. 3. c. :g. Whereas a moiety of the said penalty by several acts is directed to be applied to the use of the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, by reason whereof inhabitants of the said parish have been disallowed to give evidence; it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for any person to sue for the whole of such penalty to his own use, and if he recovers, he shall have double costs; such action to be brought within six months after the offence committed.

Concerning Gamekeepers.

ALL lords of manors, or other royalties, not under the de. gree of an esquire, may, by writing under their hands and seals, authorize one or more gamekeeper or gamekeepers, within their respective manors or royalties; and may impower him thereby, upon their own manors, to kill hare, pheaiant, partridge, or any other game.

Bat if the gamekeeper shall, under colour thereof, kill or take the same for the use of the lord, and afterwards sell and dispose thereof without the lord's consent, and be convicted, on complaint of such lord, and on oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall be committed to the house of cor-refiion for three months, to b: kept to hard labour.

But no lord of a manor shall make above one person to be gamekeeper within any one manor, with power to kill game. And the name of such person shall be entered with the clerk of the peace where the manor lies; and a certificate thereof shall be granted by the clerk of the peace, on payment of one shilling.

And if any other gamekeeper, whose name is not so entered, who shall not be otherwise qualified by the laws of this kingdom to kill game, shall kill, fell, or expose to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, Stc. he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit for every offence jl. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be sent to the house of cor. refiion for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months.

Vo lord of a manor shall make any person to be a game, keeper with power to kill game, unless such person be qua-

N. B. This inconvenience is obviated by an i€t passed in the !aft session *17 G. 9.) whereby pari&ioners are qualified to be witnriTes against offender*, though the penalties be ordered to be applied to the use of the poor.

lifted

« 53 c. z.

c.15.

5 As. 1.14.

. As.er.

103

Game.

lified by the laws of the realm so to do; .or unless such person be truly and properly a servant to the said lord.

The gamekeeper.(so authorized) may search for dogs and engines,- and seize the same for the use of the lord, or destroy < them.

But it hath been adjudged, that an authority from the lord Cjm- lS3- : of the manor is not of itself sufficient for., this purpose, but that he ought to have a warrant from a justice of the peace) after information and oath of the offence first made.

Every person, not having lands and tenements, or some saSfsjC. = other estate of inheritance, in his own or his wife's right of f' ZS‘ the clear yearly value of tool, per annum ", or for term of life, or not having lease or leases of gg years, or for any longer term, of the clear yearly value of 1501. (other than the son and heir apparent of an esquire, or other person of higher degree, and the owners and keepers of forests, parks, chafes, or warrens, being Hocked with deer or conics for their necessary use, in respect, of the said forests, parks, chafes, or warrens) is hereby declared to be a person by the laws of this realm, not allowed to have or keep for himself or any other person, any guns, bows, greyhounds, setting dogs, ferrets, 1

nets, gins, snares, or other engines for the taking and killing of game.

If any person, not qualified by the laws of this realm, so to 5 < i-i-

do, shall keep or. use any greyhounds or setting dogs, or any engines, to kill and destroy game, and shall be thereof f convicted on the oath of one credible witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit 5I. half to the'informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods; for want of distress, he shallbc sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months. — And any justice, and lord within his manor, may take away such dogs, nets, or otherengines, which shall be in the power or cullodyof any person not qualified,

The constable, authorized by a justice's warrant, shall cn- 4.5? 523. ter into and search the houses, outhouses, or other places belonging to such houses of fnfpected persons not qualified;

And if any hare, partridge, or other game, shall be found, the offender shall be carried before a justice; and if such person do not in some convenient time, to be set by the justice, produce the party of whom he bought the same, or some other credible person, to depose upon oath such sale thereof, he shall be convicted by the said justice of such offences, and upon such conviction shall forfeit for every hare, partridge,

Upon this it hath been ihrewdly remarked, that there is fifty times the property required to enable a man to kilt a partridge, as to vote for a knight of theshire. % Blatlfl. 175.

j* Sec Append!*, No. 2,5, 26, 27, 28.

or

104

5 a-., r. 14-

Game.

or other game, any fam not under js. and not exceeding res-half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for not more than one month, nor less than ten days, there to be whip; and kept to hard labour.

If any nigler, chapman, carrier, innkeeper, victualler, or alehcafekeeper, shall hare in his cultooy or possession, or shall buy, fell, or offer to sale-any hare, pheasant, partridge, fcc. cniefl such game in the hands of such carrier be sent up by feme pe.-fen qualified; (or if 2ny person whatsoever, whether qualified or not, shall fell, expose, or offer to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor, heath-game, or grouse, 28 G, 2. c. 12) he mail be carried before a justice where the offence is committed; and being convicted thereof (in three months after the offence) on view, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit for every hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. the sum of 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for the firit offence three months, and for every other offence four months.

And any j a files of the peace, and lord within his manor, may take away any such hare, pheasant, partridge, &c, from any such higler, chapman, Src. Or any other person not qua-lines, which final! be found in his custody or possession.

If any hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. shall be found in the scop, house, or pofleiuon of any poulterer, salesman, Ac. cr of any person not qualified in his own right to kill game, cr intitled thereunto under some person so qualified, it shall be deemed an exposing thereof to sale.

The act m C. 3. Sejf. 2. c. 4.3. being repealed; it ws; enacted by 25 G. 3. c. 50. that from and after July 1, 1753, every person delivering into the office of the clerk of the peace, cr his deputy, for the county where he shall reside, an account of his name and place of abode, shall be annually entitled to a certificate thereon, paying two guineas for the lame; and every deputation of a game-keeper shall be registered with the clerk of the peace, and a certificate shall annually be taken oat, chargeable with a fiamp of 10s. 6d. Every person, residing in cities and towns that are countie; of rhemfo-Ives, and have no clerks of the peace, may apply to the office of the clerk of the peace of any county, riding, or place adjoining to such city or town, for the purpose of receiving such certificate.

Correct lifts of certificates are annually to be transmitted tn ths fta.-c-ofncc by the several clerks of the peace, under a penalty of act which lifts may be inspected by any person on paving I:, and no more ; ami those lifts fhr.il once or more in year be inserted by the commiSoners of stamp duties in the

news-

10 5

Game.

news.papers of each county, or such other public newspaper as they shall think proper. '

Any person, who after July I, 1735, shall (hoot at or kill 25 G. 3. 50. any game, without a certificate as is abovementioned, shall forfeit zol.

Any person having obtained such certificate and producing it, may require the certificate of any person using any dog, gun, or net, for destroying game, to be produced ; and the person refusing to shew the same, or, not having produced it, refusing to give in his christian and surname, and the place of his residence, or giving in a false or fiflitious name or place of residence, shall forfeit 50I.

The times of killing game are limited as by former acts, Id. notwithlhnding such certificates, nor shall this act give to

any person any right to take or destroy game, unless such person (shall be duly qualified so to do, by the laws now in being; but he shall be liable to the same penalties in any of the fuid laws, as if this act had not been made.

Gamekeepers arc not allowed by any certificate to kill game 24 C. i-ff. 2. out of the limits of the manor, for which the deputation was c- -V3* given ; and in case of any new appointment of a gamekeeper &c. duly registered, the former certificate shall be null and void; and the person acting under the former one shall be liable to the penalties of this act.

Penalties for offences against this act may be sued for and Id. recovered in any of his Majesty's courts byaction of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

Any justice of the county, where the penalty doth not ex- JJ. ceed zol. may summon the parties before him, and hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgement, and levy the penalties by distress, to be sold, if not redeemed within six days, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered to the owner; or, in.default of distress, the offender may be committed tar six months (in another part of the act, three months) or till the penalties shall bc'paid.. IPersons summoned as witnesses, and not appearing at;the time and place appointed, shall forfeit tol. to be levied by.tlijliefs, as above, if not paid. ; '

N. B. A clause in this act tends to-obviate any doubt 26 G. 3. r. S:. which might arise from the mention of two different times of imprisonment of offenders not having. sufficient goods tp answer penalties in the act 25 G. 3. ,c. 50.and fixes the time of imprisonment to three months and no longer.

Persons aggrieved by such'justice may appeal to the next 24 G. 3.//.2. general quarter-sessions, whole determination shall be final. c‘ 4T

[For the Form of Convictio'n fee the end.]

P

The

io6 Game.

-i c- l-pj-i' The justice, where he shall see cause, may-mitigate the penalties, reasonable cods in prosecuting the same being always allowed, over and above the mitigation, so as not to reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said cods and charges.

W. i he duties granted by this act are to be paid to the receiver

general of the stamp duties, and by him paid into. the-.Exchequer; and all pecuniary penalties for offencesagaind this ail, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts at V/edminster for England ; or the court of sessions, or court of Exchequer for Scotland; and the plaintiff, if he or she dull recover any penalty, shall recover it for his or her own use, with cods of fuii.-

By the yearly mutiny acts, if any officer or soldier shall, without leave of, the lord of the manor under his hand and seal, destroy any hare, coney, pheafarit, partridge, pigeon, or other fowl, poultry, or fiffi, or his majesty's game, and be convicted thereof, on oath of one witness, before one.jndice, every officer so offending shall forfeit jl. to the poor: and the commanding officer;.upon the place, for every offence committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit aos. in like manner. And if, upon conviction by the justices, and demand thereof made by the condable or overseers of the poor, he shall not in two days pay the said penalties, he shall forfeit his commission.

La-jji Jot prejiraing the four-Jootci Game in particular. Deer-stealing by ancient statutes.

7..-. 7. WHEN information shall be made, of any unlawful hunting, in any fored or park, by night, or with painted faces, to any of the king's counsel, or to a judice of the peace, of any person to be fufpcfled thereof, he may make a warrant to take and arred the person, and to have him before the maker of the warrant, or any other of the said counsel,. or justices of the peace, who may by their discretion examine him of the said hunting. — And if any person shall be convicted of any such huntings, with painted faces, vizors, or otherwisetjifguised, to the intent they fh'ould not be known, or of unlawful hunting in time of night, then the same person so convict, to have like punirion as he should have if he were convidl of felony.

1 J-.. Every person who shall fell, or buy to fell again, any,'deer,

shall on conviction at the affixes, or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit for every deer 4.0s, half to him that will Cue, and half to the poor.

By

Game. 107

By the 16th G. 3. c. 30. which repeals in whole or in part the former afis relating to this subject, if any person shall (hoot at, or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or deliroy, or shall carry away, any red or fallow deer, in any fore ft or chafe, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed park where deer arey or have been usually.kept; or shall be aiding therein, he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of 20I. and shall for every deer so wounded, killed, destroyed,- taken, or carried away, forfeit the sum of 30I.

It shall be lawful for one justice, on complaint to him made 16 C- 3'r- Soon oath by any credible person, that there is- reason to suspect any person of having in his custody or possession, any red or fallow deer which shall have been unlawfully killed, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any (lip, rioofe, toyle, snare, or other engine, for the'unlawful taking of deer, — -by his warrant, to cause such person, and his dwelling-hoiifc,

&c. to be searched; and if any such shall be found, to cause the same, and such person so having- possession, to be brought before any justice having jurisdiction: And if such person shall not produce before such justice the party of whom he received the same, or satisfy such justice that he came lawfully by such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, of had a lawful occasion for such flip, noofc, toyle, snare, or other engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful purpose; he shall forfeit not exceeding 30I. nor less than iol. at the discretion of such justice:

On complaint or information on oath of one witness before U. one justice, of any offence against this act; such justice (except in such cases only where the justice is especially directed previously to summon the party before him) may, by his warrant, cause the party complained of to be apprehended and brought before him, at such time and place as shall be (pc-cified in such warrant: And thereupon such justice may proceed to hear and determine the matter: of such complaint.

---- And where it is provided by this act, that the party

complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the party so summoned shall not appear; then on proof of the service of such summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his dwelling-honfc, lodgings, or other usual place of abode, it shall be lawful for the justice to apprehend him by warrant, and to proceed as if no previous summons had been directed by this act. — And it shall be lawful for any keeper or under-keeper, and their servants or assistants, to seize and apprehend upon the spot any person whom they shall discover in the actual fast of hunting, coursing, killing, wounding, (hooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any red or fallow deer, from any forest, chafe, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed park, paddock, wood, or any other inclosed ground, or attempting so to do;

Pa or

io8

Game.

or in fcuir.g or laying any net, wire, flip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine therein, for taking; killing, or destroying of deer; and to carry Inch offender before iome neighbouring justice, to be dealt with according to law. — The pecuniary penalties on this act may be recovered before one justice, on the oath of one witness or confession; half to the king, to be paid for his use into the hands of such person as the justice shall direct, and half to the informer. And in case of nonpayment thereof, with the charges incident to the conviction, immediately upon the conviction, the same shall be levied by warrant of such justice by distress; and for want cf fuScient dillrcfs, the offender, except in such cases where it is othrrwife provided by this act, shall be committed to the common gaol for one whole year, unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid. — And if upon conviction he doth not immediately .pay the penalty, the justice may order him into custody during such time, not exceeding three days, as such justice shall think proper to allow for return of the warrant of distress. — Provided, that if it fnal! appear to the satisfaction of such justice, either by confession of the party or otherwise, that he hath not goods or chattels fuScient whereon to levy the penalty, the justice may, without issuing any warrant of distress, commit the party convicted, as if a warrant of distress had been issued, and a Kn:!a Sena returned thereon. — Provided also, that if any perl'on committed for any first offence against this act Stall, before his commitment to prison, procure security to be given by ttvo fuScient sureties, to the satisfaction of such justice, for payment of the penalty with the charges incident, within six days, inclusive of the day of conviction; the justice may accept of such security, and on non-payment thereof at the time, may cause the party and his said sureties to be ap. preheaded by warrant, and commit them to the common gaol, for such time as the party convicted was liable to have been imprisoned if no such security had been given, unless the penalty or [probably tmj] charges shall be sooner paid. — If any offender for his first offence be committed for want of fitfficient distress, and shall, whilst in gaol, obtain the consent in writing of the prosecutor, and also of the owner, or other person ciiieSy intrusted with the care of the deer in the foreftor other place, for his enlargement; the justices in fcffions tstzy CuUic him to be brought before them, and by their order may direct the gaoler to set him at liberty. — The conviction shall be fairly written cn parchment or paper, in the folla.ving form of words, or any other form to the like effect:

ii- /.* uxzxluv,:, iln:: ri: the-dry---- in the year----

A. O. eve/, n't,: the empiaint f/ A. I. ecnvieitd before--

:f :..y ynfi'.;:s if the pence, for-in pursuance of en alt puffed

in

Game.- 109

is the ftxlecnth year of‘the reign of his majestj king George the

third, for---- (as "the :case, shall bi). Given under my hand.

attdfcal, the dayandyear above-written.

And the same shall be certified to the next sessions,..to be ' there filed .among!! the records.

Destroying Game punishable by the BLACK ACT, which fee.'

Destroying covert for deer. . Sec Burning.

EVERY person who shall trace or. course any hares in the i J < *7-snow, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every hare; or a/ter one month after his-commitment become bound by recognizance with two sureties in 20I. each, before two justices, not to offend again in.like manner.

If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or 52 & *3c's' using any snares,. hare-pipes, or other like engines, and Cm shall be thereof convicted, by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, in one month after the offence, he shall give the party injured such damages, and in such time, as the justice shall appoint, and shall pay down pre-fcntly to theoverfeers for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding ios. as the justice shall appoint; which if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any hare in the 9 rh. c. 55. night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress, or for want of distress, shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, orde- 136.3.080. llroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy any hare in the night, that is to say, between the hours of seven at night and fix in the morning from the 12th day of October to the 12th dnv of February, and between the hours of nine at night and four in the morning from the 12th day of February to the 12 th day ofOctober; or, in the day-time, upon a Sunday or.Christ-masday, he shall, on conviction on oath of one witness,before one justice, forfeit for the first offence not exceeding 20I.

nor

Game.'

nor Ids than iol.; and for the second offence not exceeding 30I. nor less than zol. And the jaffice shall cause the conviction to be made out in the manner and form following:

Be it remembered, That on the — — day of -in the year of our

Lord — A. B. is conviBed before me ----- ---- one of his majesty's

jufiees of the peace for the county of--- (specifying the of-

fence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also spectfying that it was the first or second offence against this act, as the case shall be). Given under my hand and sea! the day and year aforesaid- Which conviction the said justice Stall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions to be filed by the clerk of the peace; who shall, upon application to him made, deliver copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy.

But'in case any information shall be made upon oath as aforesaid before a justice against an offender, and it shall appear that such offender hath already been convicted of a first and second offence; in such case, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction till the next general quarter-fessionsj unless he shall have entered into recognizance with two sufficient sureties to appear at such sessions, then and there to be tried by indictment for the said offence; and such justice shall also bind over the informer to prosecute the said offender by indictment as aforesaid.

Provided, that no proceedings shall be upon this act, unless information on oath be made before a justice, within one calendar month after the offence committed.

The said forfeitures for the first and second offence, and dro for the third offence, on conviction at the sessions, together with the colls and charges previous to and attending such conviction (to be ascertained by the justice or justices before whom the offender shall be convicted) shall be forthwith paid, half to the informer, and half to the poor. And if such person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give security for the payment thereof, such justice or justices faall, by their warrant, cause the same to be levied by distress: And the said justice or justices may order such offender to ae demined in safe ccstody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the party shall give fuScier.t security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the fa-tisfaciion of such justice or justices, for his appearance before the said justice or justices on the day appointed, not exceeding seven diys from the taking such security: And if, upon such return, no sufficient distress can be had, the said justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or hauls of correction for three calendar months, unless the forfeiture shall be fconer paid; or until such offender give notice ;a the informer, that he intends to appeal to the next sessions,

ar.d

Ill

Game.:

and shall enter intoa recognizance before a- justice, with two sufficient sureties, to try such appeal'at such feifions.

If the offender dwells in another county, the justice or justices, -before whom the information or indictment was made, may direct their warrant of apprehenffon and of distress to any constable where the offence was committed, to be by him carried to a justice residing near where the offender dwells, to be signed by him on the back of the said warrant, upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the justice who first granted, the warrant. And the justice who indorsed the warrant shall dr-rest the constable or other person making the distress,. to deliver over the money levied to the justice. who first granted the warrant; and if such constable; or.other person shall neg-left or refuse to pay such sum, or deliver over all proceeds ings upon such distress or warrant of apprehension, the justice who first granted the warrant, or the justice who indorsed it, may commit him to'the common gaol or house of correction for six months, or till the money shall be paid, and the proceedings delivered over.

Every person who shall ihoot at, kill or destroy any hare, 1 J-c-shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months; mnlefs he pay to the churchwardens, for the use.of the poor," cos. for every hare; or after, one month after his commitment become bound by recognizance with two sureties before, two justices in zol. each, not to offend again in like manner.

The recognizance to be returned to the next feifions. i .. : .

When information shall be made of unlawful huntingtin a iH ? c- 7. warren by. night, or with painted faces, : to.any of the king's counsel, or to a justice of the peace, of any person. suspected, he may make a warrant to bring such person before himfclfor any other of the said counsel or justices; and if such person shall conceal the said hunting, or any of his accomplices, it shall be felony; but if he confesseth, it shall be but trespass finable at the feifions, _

IfatVy person shall at any time enter wrongfully into, any n 6? 23 C. % . warren' or ground lawfully used or kept for the breeding or as-keeping of conics, whether it be indofed. or not, and there shall chafe, take, or kill any conies; and shall be thereof convicted in one month after the offence, before one justice, .,

by confession, or oath of one withefs;he shall yield to the party grieved treble damages and coils,. and be imprisoned three months, and after till he find. sureties for his goo,d behaviour. — No person shall kill or take ,in the night any conies upon the borders of warrens, on pain, that the offender, on conviction in one month after, the offence, before one justice, by confcifion/or oath of one witness, shall give to the party injured such damages and in such iime as shall be. appointed

112

Game.'

by the justice, and over and above pay down presently to the overieers for the ale of the poor such sum not exceeding ios. as'the justice snail appoint; which if he shall not do,- the justiceshall commit him to the house of correction for fuel) time as he snail think St, not exceeding one month. — If anyper-foa tail! be foend or apprehended setting or nfing any ftiares or other like engines,- for taking of coniesy-and shall be thereof in like manner convicted, he shall give to the party'grieved such damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint, and pay down presently tttthe overseer fprthe use of the poor such sum not exceeding, i os. as the.'justice -shall- appoint; which if he shall :not do, the justice.Stall commit-him to use. house of correction for any time .not exceeding one month. . ."

Of Hawks and Hawking.

ui?. 7.017. MO manner of person, of what condition or'degree he be', shall take or cause to be taken, on his btvn ground or any other man's, the eggs of any faulcon, golhawk, or lancrfout ofthenelt; on pain (being convicted thereof before a justice of the peace) of imprisonment for a year and a day, and fine tst the king's will; half to the king, and half to the owner of the ground where the eggs were taken, r. to if any manner of person shall hawk-in-another man's corn after it is eared, and before it is Stocked', and' be/convicted at the! assizes, felfious,' or lect; he shall forfeit 40S'.:to the owner: And if not paid in ten days, he shall be imprisoned for a month.

Of Swans.

11 if. 7. r. 17. XO person shall take, or cacfe to be. taken, on ' his .own ground or any other man's, the eggs cf any ftvan, oii pain (on cmviction before the jaftites of the'peace) of irii'pri-fenment for a year and a day, and .fine at the king's will, half to the king, and half to the owner of the fwnns. "

1 j-1.17. Every person who shall take the eggs, of any fwahs out of the r.eft, or willingly spoil them in the neftj and shall be coii-vifttd thereof before two indices, by tonfeflion, or oath of "two r.-itnesses, shall be committed to gaol for three months, unless ha pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every egg ; or alter one month of his commitment, become--bound by recognizance withf two sureties in aql, each, before two justices, never to offend' again in like manner; which recognizance shall be returned to the next sessions." -‘ ‘

Cf

Game.

113

Of Partridges arid Pheasants.

EVERY person who shall (hoot at, kill, or destroy, any ] j. c. 27. pheasant or partridge; or shall take, kill, or destroy them with setting dogs or nets; or shall take their eggs out of the nelt, or spoil them in the tied; shall, on conviction before two just ices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay upon conviction to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, zos, for every pheasant, partridge, or egg; or after one month after his commitment, become bound by recognizance with two sureties, before two justices, in 20I. each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next sessions.

Every person who shall fell, or buy to fell again, any par- U. tridge or pheasant (except they be reared and brought up in houses, or brought from beyond sea) shall, on conviction at the assizes or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit for every partridge 10s. and for every pheasant 20s. half to him that will sue, and half to the poor.

If any person, of what estate, degree, or condition soever,

shall take, kill, or dcltroy any pheasants or partridges in the night time ; and be thereof convicted at the assizes, sessions, or lcct, he shall forfeit for every pheasant 20s. and for every partridge 10s. half to him that shall sue, and half to the lord of the manor, unless such lord shall licence or procure the said taking or killing ; in which case the said half shall go to the poor, to be recovered by any one of the churchwardens; and if not paid in 10 days after conviction, lie shall be imprisoned for one month : And moreover, besides such forfeiture and imprisonment, he shall give bond to some justice of the peace, with good sureties, not to offend again in like manner for the space of two years.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any pheasant or 9 An. c. 25. partridge in the night time ; he shall on conviction before one jukice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be font to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or 13 c. 3. c. So. destroy, or use any gun, dog, share, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy, any pheasant or partridge in the night, that is, between the hours of seven at night and fix in the morning from the J2th day of October to the rath day of February, and between the hours of Ch_ nine

ii4

Game.

nine at night and four in the morning from the izth day of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the daytime, on a Sunday or Christmas-day : he shall forfeit for the first offence not exceeding 2ol.nor less than 10I.; for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I.; for the third and every other subsequent offence 50I. To be levied and recovered as the like penalties for killing any hare in the night, cr ca a Sunday or Christmas-day, as is above set forth.

7.1;. livery person whatsoever, xvho shall hawk at, dcllroy, or kill, any pheasant or partridge, with any kind of hawk, or dog, by colour of hawking, between the first of July and the lall of August, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, in six months after the offence, be committed to gaol for one month, unless he pay upon conviction to the churchwardens or overseers for the use of the poor 40s. for every such hawking at any pheasant or partridge, and 20s. for every such pheasant or partridge, which he, his hawk, or dog, shall take or-kill.

: C. c. 19. No person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, carry, fell, buy, or have in his possession or use, any partridge between Feb. 12, and Sep. 1 ; or any pheasant between Feb. 1, and Oft. 1, yearly, on pain of forfeiting, on conviction by one witness, in any of the courts of record at Weliminltcr, jl. for every such fowl, with full colls. But this is not to extend to any pheasant taken in the season allowed by this act, and kept in any mew or breeding-place.

Of Pigeons. Sec Partridges.

. c. .. IF any person shall Ihoot at, with an intent to kill, or by any means kill or take, with a wilful intent to destroy, any house-dove or pigeon, and shall be thereof convicted, by cor.fdhon or oath of one v. itness, before one justice where the offence was committed or the party apprehended, he shall forfeit 2cs. to the prosecutor ; and if not forthwith paid, such judice may commit him to the gaol or house of correction, no: exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid. Persons convicted cn this act, shall not be convicted on any former act : and prosecutions on this act shall be commenced and carried on with effect within two months after the offence committed.

Of

Game

115

Of Wild Ducks, Wild Geefc, and other Water-Fowl.

No person, between the last day of May, and the last day . , -of August yearly, shall take, or cause to be taken, any wild ' ' C',I' ducks, mallards, widgeons, teals, or wild geese, with- nets or other engines, on pain of a year's imprisonment, and a forfeiture of 4.d. for every fowl so taken,- half to the king, and half to him that will foe by action of debt: Also the justices of the peace may esquire of, hear and determine the same, as in cases of trespass.

By a subsequent statute, if any person whatsoever, (between ,o c. a. c. --June 1, and Oft. 1, yearly, 10 G. z. c. 32. J shall, by'hays, tunnels, or other nets, drive and take any wild duck, teal, widgeon, or any other water fowl, in any place of resort for wild-fowl in the moulting season, and shall be convicted thereof before one justice, by the oath of one witness, he shall, for every such fowl, forfeit 5s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress, or be committed to the house of corrcflion for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days, to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

And the nets shall be seized and deflroved in the presence of the justice.

No person from March 31, to June 30, yearly, shall take l5 ,r-e- " or destroy the eggs of any mallard, teal, or other water fowl, on pain of a year's imprisonment, and of forfeiting for every egg one penny, half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt; or, the justices of the peace may determine the same as in cases of trespass.

Of Heath-Fowl, Grouse, and Bullards,

No person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, wilfully 13C.3. r. 55. take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his possession or ufc, any heath-fowl, commonly called Black Game, between Dec. 10, and Aug. 20; nor any grouse, commonly called Red Game, between Dec. 10, and Aug. 12 ; nor any Buflari, between March 1, and Sept. 1, in any year; on pain of forfeiting for the first-offence any sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than 10I.; and for the second and every subsequent offence not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I.; half to the informer, and half to the poor ; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, on prosecution within six calendar months after the offence committed. Or Q_2 the

n6

Garnet

the same mey be recovered before one justice, information on oath being made before him within three calendar months after the offence committed ; which said justice may conviff the offender by confeliion or oath of one witness ; and on neglect or refalhl to pay, shall levy the same by distress, together with all caff and charges attending the same. And such justice may order the offender to be detained in safe custody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the said offender shall give security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such justice, for his appearance before him on the day appointed for the return of the warrant of diiirel's, such day not exceeding five days from the time of taking such security. And if no l'uificient distress can be had, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix, nor let's than three calendar months, unless the forfeitnre, and all costs and charges attending the prosecution, be sooner paid; which conviction the justice shall cause to be written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept a-mengft the records ; and the clerk of the peace shall grant copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy. — And if any person shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to any general quarter-sessions to be holden within four calendar month; after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving 14 days notice in writing to the justice and to every other person against whom complaint shall be made ; and in four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before a justice with one fuSdent surety, conditioned to try the appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at" such sessions. And the justice having received notice of appeal, shall return all proceedings had before him, touching the matter of the said appeal, to the justices at such feiHons. And the said justices, upon proof of the notice given, and of the entering into fuclt recognizance, limli determine the appeal in a luminary way, and award costs to cither party. And none of the proceedings shall be quaffed for want of form, nor be removed by certiorari or other process into any of the courts at Westroinster.

5 A-.. z. zz. If any person lyharsoever shall take or kill any moor, heath-game, or groufc, in the night time, he shall on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit <;!. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want c.f distress, to be font to the house of correction for three months for the hr!l offence, and for every other offence four months.

Of

Game. i.17

Of Herons. See Partridges, &c.

No person, without his own ground, shall flay, take, or. 19J/.7. c. n. caiifc to be taken, any herons, unless it be with hawking; on pain of 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue by action of debt; or the sessions may call before theth' persons suspected, and examine them ; and if found in default, may commit them till they have found surety for payment of the forfeiture to the king; and the'justices dial! have the tenth part of the forfeiture for their labour'. ....

If any person from March 31,' to June 30, shall take or dc- 1511. 8. c. n. stroy the eggs of any heron, he shall be imprisoned for a year, and' forfeit for every egg 8d.'half to the king; and half to him that will sue by action of debt, or before the justices of the peace. ....

The penalty of fishing in Ponds and other private Fisheries.

WHEREAS divers idle, disorderly, and mean persons, -s £? S3 C. s. betake themselves to the dealing, taking, '.-ind killing of fiflt, r. 25. out of ponds, pools, motes, dews, and other several waters and rivers, to the great damage of the owners thereof; it is enacted, that if any person shall ufc any net, angle,hair, noose, troll, or spear; 'or shall lay any wears, pots, fish-hooks, or other engines ; or shall take any fish by any means or device whatsoever, or be aiding thereunto, in any river, dew, pond, mote, or other water, without the consent of the ford or owner of the water ; and be thereof convicted by con-session, or oath of one witness, before one judice, in one month after the offence, every such offender in dealing, taking or killing fish, shall, for every such offence, give to the party injured such recompence, and in such time, as the judice shall appoint, not exceeding treble damages; and moreover shall pay down to the overseers for the use of the poor,'such sum, not exceeding 10s. as the judice shall think meet: In default of payment, to be levied by didrefs; for want of didrefs, to be committed to the house of correction not exceeding one month, unless he enter into bond with one surety to the party injured, not exceeding 10I. never to offend in like manner. — And the justices may take, cut, and destroy, all such angles, Ipears, hairs, noofes, trolls, wears, pots, fish-hooks, nets, or other engines, wherewith such offender shall be apprehended. — Persons aggrieved may appeal

to

n8

j C» 5. c» 1

Game.

to the next sessions, whose determination shall be final, if no title to any land, royalty, or fishery be therein concerned.

If any person shall enter into any park or paddock fenced in, and inclosed, or into any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any divelling-house, in or through which park or paddock, garden, orchard, or yard any river or fiream of water shall run or be, or wherein shall be any river. Cream, pond, pool, moat, ltew, or other water, and by any ways, means, or device whatsoever, shall Heal, take, kill, or destroy, any fish bred, kept, or preferred therein, without the content of the owner thereof; or shall be aiding or aCiCing therein ; or shall receive or buy any such Cfh, knowing the same to be so stolen or taken as aforesaid ; and shall be convified thereof at the adzes, within six calendar months after the offence committed, he shall be transported for l'even years. And any offender, surrendering himself to a justice, or being apprehended or in custody for such offence, or on any other account, who shall make confedon thereof, ?.r.d a true discovery on oath of his accomplice or accomplices, ib as face accomplice may be apprehended, and shall on trial give evidence so as to convict Inch accomplice, shall be discharged of the offence so by him cohfeffed. — And if any person shall take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to.take, kill,.or destroy, any fish in any river or dream, pond, pool, or other water (not being in any park or paddock, or in any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dtyelling-house, but in any other inclosed ground being private property) he shall, on conviction before one jtiftice, on the oath of one v/itness, forfeit 5I. to the owner or owners of the fishery of such river or fiream of water, or of such pond, pool, moat, or other water : And such justice, on complaint upon oath, may idle his warrant to bring the person complained of before him ; nnd if he shall be convicted before such justice, or any other justice of the county or place, he shall immediately after conviction pay the said penalty of jl, to such justice, for the nfe of such person as the same is hereby appointed to be paid unto ; and in default thereof, shall be committed by such justice to the Hocfe of correction for any time not exceeding six months, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid : Or such owner of the fishery may bring an action for the penalty (within six calendar months after the offence) in any of the courts of record at Westminster.

Rules concerning the Assize, and preserving the Breed of Fish. See Burn, vol. 2, p. 301.

e. THE justices of the peace (and the mayor of London on the Thames and Medway) shall survey and search all the

wears

Game. 119

wears in such rivers; that they shall not'be very strait 'for the dcftrdction of fry and brood, but of reasonable wideness after the old assize used or accustomed ; and they shall appoint under-conservators, who-shall be sworn to make like survey, search and punishment. And they shall enquire in session, as well by their office, as at the information of the under-confer-vators, of all defaults aforesaid, and shall cause them which shall be thereof indicted, to come before them ; and if they ' fie thereof convict, they shall have imprisonment, and make line at the discretion of the justices; and if the same be at the information of an under-conservator, he shall have half the fine.

No person shall take, or knowingly have in his possession, .. c. -. r. either in the water or on shore, or sell or expose to falc any spawn, fry, or brood of fish, oranyunlizcableliffi, orfishout of season, or any fmclt not live inches long: and any person may seize the same together with the baikets and package, and charge a constable or other peace officer with the offender and with the goods, who shall carry them before a justice; and on conviction before fitch justice, the same shall be forfeited and delivered to the prosecutor ; and the offender shall beftdes forfeit zos. to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice, and distributed half to the prosecutor and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed (and any inhabitant of such parish, nevertheless, may be a witness) ; for want of sufficient distress, the oftcnder shall be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid. — Provided, that the justice may mitigate the said penalty, so as not to remit above one half. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions. [Form of conviction, fee Article Fish, at the end.]

Rules concerning fishing in or near the sea.

No person shall take, kill, or destroy, any lobsters on the jc.a. r. 33. coast of Scotland, from June 1, to September 1, on pain of 5I. to be recovered by any person who shall inform and foe for the same, on a summary complaint before two justices of the shire on the coast where the offence shall be committed.

Every person who shall set up any new wear along the sea 3 y, J.

shore, or in any haven, harbour, or creek, or within five miles of the mouth of any'haven or creek; shall on conviction before one justice, or mayor, forfeit for every oft'cnce 10I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue ; to be levied by the constables or churchwardens by distress.

If

120 Game:

i C.f.. i. c. rS. If any person feall nfe at sea, on the EngJilh coast, any truui-ner, drag-net, or fet-nct, for catching of any fish (except herrings, pilchards, sprats or lavidnian) which hath the mefh iefs than 3' inches from knot to knot; or which hath a faifc or double bottom; or shall put' one net behind another ; he shall, on conviction (after summons) before .one justice where the offender resides or shall be found, on oath of c«o ivitnesses, in one month after the offence, forfeit the same, and also 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by didrefi; for want of sufficient distress, to be committed to gaol for twelve months; and the nets to be burnt. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

Gaming.

% . c. 0. A I*L justices of the peace, mayors, sheriffs, and other Si. head 0dicer-, may, enter all houses and places, where gaming shall be suspected to be holden; and as well the keepers of the same, as also the persons there referring and playing, may take, arrest, and imprison, and keep in prison, until the said keepers have found sureties to the king's use, to be bound by recognizance or otherwise, no longer to use, keep, or occupy any such honfc, play, game, alley, or place ; and also that the persons there so found, be in like case bound by themselves, or with sureties, no more to play, haunt, or exercise from thenceforth, in, at, or to any of the said places, or at env of the fata games. — All julliccs of the peace, mayors bailiffs, sheriffs, and other head officers and every of them, fading or knowing any person using unlawful games, crmtrurv to tni; a cl, may commit every such offender to ward, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till he be bound tv obligation to the king's use, in such sum as by the discretion of the said justices, or other such officers shall be thought reasonable, that they shall not from thenceforth use such unlawful games.

1C. '-c. Where it snail be proved on the oath of two witnesses, be-

fore any justico of the peace, as well as where he shall find unon his can view, that any person hath used any unlawful game contrary to the said statute, the said justice shall have power to commit him to prison without bail, unless and anti! he m d! enter into rccoynizance, with sureties, or without, a: the cifcrctioa of the justices, that he snail not from thenceforth play at, cr use such unlawful game. — And where any the fr.rfvitares above-mentioned shall be found within the irrciacts cf any !cct, the lord shall have one half, and the is.::: half fr.ail be to him that shall fee in any of the king's

courts;

Gaming. 121

courts; and elsewhere, they shall be half to the king, and half to him that will file in like manner.

All suits tobe.pnrfued upon any statute for using any un- 31 El. c. 5. lawful game, shall be sued and .prosecuted, or othenvile heard and determined,- in the general quarter-sessions or assizes of the county, where the offence .shall be committed, of in the leet within which it shall happen, and not in any wise out of the county.....- '..sf

If any person licensed to fell, any forts of liquors, or who 30 G. i. : 24-shall fell or suffer the same to be sold in his house, outhouse, ground or apartment thereto belonging, shall knowingly suffer any gaming with cards, dice; draughts, Ihuffle-boards, mif-itfQpi, or billiard-tables, skittles, nine pins, or with any other implement of gaming, in his house, outhouse, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, by any journeyman, labourer, servant, or apprentice, and shall be convicted thereof on confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, within six days after the offence committed, he shall forfeit, for the first offence 40s. and for every qther offence i,ol..by distress by warrant of such justice; three fourths of which.i.shall be to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, and one; fourth to the informer. — And if any journeyman, labourer, apprentice, or servant, shall game in any house, outhouse, ground, or apartment thereto belonging," wherein, any liquors shall be fold, and complaint thereof shall be made on .oath before; one justice where the offence shall be committed, he shall iirne.hia warrant to the constable or other peace- officer of the place wherein the offence is charged to have been committed, or where the offender shall reside, to apprehend and carry the offender before some justice of the place where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall reside 5 and if such person shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness or confession, he shall forfeit not exceeding zos. nor less than 5s. as the justice shall order, every time he shall so offend and be convicted as aforesaid, one fourth to the informer, and three fourths to the overseers for the use of the poor; and if he shall not forthwith pay down the same, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction or some other prifoii. of the place where he shall be apprehended, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until he shall pay the forfeiture. — And any justice, unto whom complaint upon oath shall be made, of any offence committed. again!! this act, shall issue his warrant for bringing before him, or some other justice of such place, the person charged with such offence j and-the justice before whom he is brought shall hear and determine the matter, and proceed to judgment and conviction; and .if it shall appear upon oath to the satisfaction of such justice, that any person within his Jurisdiction can give material evidence on behalf of the pro-R fecaier

Gaming.

fecator or of the person accused, and who will not voluntarily appear, he shall issue his summons to convene him to give his evidence; and if he shall neglect or refnfe to appear on such summons, and no just excuse shall be offered, then (on proof upon oath of the summons having been duly served upon him) he shall ilfoe his warrant to bring such witness before him; and on his appearance, if he shall refuse to be examined on oath, without offering just cause for. such refusal, the justice shall commit him to the public prison for any time not exceeding three months — [Form of conviction, fee Sum, vol. ii. page ?e4-]

And if any person convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall think himself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice before whom he shall have been convicted, he may appeal to the next sessions; and execution shall be respited, the person at the time of conviction, entering into recognizance with two sureties, in double the fom he was to pay, to abide the judgment of the quarter sessions, which recognizance the justice is hereby empowered and required to take. :

Any houi'e, room, garden, or other place kept for public dancing, music, or other entertainment of the like kind, in London, or within 20 miles thereof, without licence as hereafter following (except the theatres of Drury-lane, Covent-Garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercised by letters patent or licence of the crown, or of the lord chamberlain) shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit tool, with full cods, to hint who shall sue (in six months) in any of the courts at Westminster. And the person who shall appear to act as mailer, or as having the management of such disorderly house, shall be deemed a keeper thereof.

Which said licence shall be granted at the last preceding Michaelmas sessions, and shall be signed and sealed by four justices in open court, and afterwards be publickly read by the clerk of the peace, with the names of the justices subscribing the lame; and no licence shall be granted at any adjourned sessions; nor shall any fee be taken for the same. And there shall be inserted in such licence, and made conditions thereof, that the words following shall be affixed in iarg; capital letters over the door or entrance of every such licensed house or place, viz. licensed pwrfnant to a cl cf parliament of the t'xettt-fftk cf ling Ceerge the second; and that it shall not be opened before five in the afternoon. And in case of a breach of either of the said conditions, the licence shall be forfeited, and revoked by the justices at the next fclfions, and shall not be renewed.

And to encourage prosecutions against persons keeping bawdv-houses, gaming-houses, or other disorderly houses, the constable, on notice given him in writing by any two inhabitants

123

Gaming.

habitants of the parish paying scot and lot, of any person keeping such house, shall forthwith go with them to a justice of the peace; and shall (on their making oath that they believe the contents of such notice to be true, and entering into a recognizance of 20I. each to produce evidence of the offence} enter into a recognizance of 30I. to prosecute with effect such person at the next sessions or assizes, as to the justices shall seem meet; and on the constable entering into, such recognizance, the jiiltice shall iliiie his warrant for bringing the accused persons before him, and shall bind them over to appear at the said sessions or assizes, and shall also, if he thinks fit, demand and take.furcty for their good behaviour in the mean time.

And if the constable shall neglect or refuse, upon such notice, to go before a justice, or to enter into recognizance, or shall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the prosecution, he shall forfeit zol. to each of the said inhabitants.

And the constable shall be allowed all the reasonable expences of the prosecution, to be ascertained by two justices ; and shall be paid the same by the overseers of the poor: and if such person be convicted, the overseers shall also forthwith pay 10I. to each of such inhabitants, on pain of forfeiting double to the said persons.

Any two justices may cause to come, or to be brought be- 9 Art. r. 14. fore them, every person whom they shall have jult cause to fufjjeft to have no visible citato, profclfion, or calling to maintain themselves by, but for the moll part to support themselves by gaming; and if such person shall not make it appear to the said justices, that the principal part of his expences is not maintained by gaming, they shall require of him fufRcient sureties for his good behaviour for twelvemonths, and in default of his finding such securities, shall commit him to the common gaol, until he find such securities as aforesaid.

— And if he shall, during the time for which he shall be bound, at any one time or fitting, play or bet for any sums or other thing exceeding in the whole the val ue of zos. such playing shall be deemed a forfeiture of the recognizance.

Lotteries.

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, constables, and other civil 9 An. c. 6. officers shall use their utmost endeavours to prevent the drawing of any unlawful lottery, by all lawful ways and means; and every person who shall set up, or by writing or printing publish the setting up any unlawful lottery, with intent to have such lottery drawn, shall forfeit lool. one third to the king, one third to the poor, and one third with full colts to h:m who shall fuc in the courts at Westminster.

R 2 Every

Gaming.

' Every person who shall keep any office or place, under the denomination of falcs of houses, lands, &c. or shall fell of expose to sale the same or any of them, by way of lottery, of hv lots, tickets, Sec. or fcall make, print, advertise, or publish proposals or fehemes for advancing small sums of money by several persons, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in some public lottery; or shall deliver out tickets; of shall make, print or publish, any proposal or scheme of the like nature, under any denomination whatsoever, — and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, by two julliccs where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by any former act made against private lotteries, forfeit 500I. one third to the king, one third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to be levied by distress and sale by warrant of such julliccs, and shall also by such justices be committed to the county gaol.without bail for one whole year, and from thence till the said sum cf pool. shall be paid: provided that the persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-frSons. And every person who shall be adventurer in, or any way contribute on the account of, any such Tales, lotteries, proposals, or fehemes, shall forfeit double the sum contributed, with colls, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in the courts at Westminster.

If any person shall erect, set up, continue, or keep, any such office or place, or shall expose to sale any houses, lands, advowsons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, ships, or other goods, by any game, method, or device whatsoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any lot or drawing, whether it be out of a box or wheel, or by cards or dice, or by any machine, engine, or device of chance of any kind whstioever, he shall, on con vision before any justice of the peace, (or mayor) on the oath of one witness, or view of such justice, nr confession, forfeit zool. by distress and sale, by warrant of one justice of the county or town where the offence shall ce committed; which said forfeiture (after deducting reasonable charges of the prosecution) shall go one third to the ititormer, and two thirds to the poor of the parish (except in I: where the said two thirds shall go to the poor of tile

hi ipstrl there). — Aud if the offender shall not have sufficient goof;, whereon to levy the penalties, or shall not immediately pay or give feturity for the same, the justice before whom he shall be consulted, may commit him to the common gaol, not exceeding months, and the sale shall be void.

Asid ;t any witness shall ucgleft or refuse to appear, upon Sammons, or shall refuse to give evidence, or give false evidence, lie shall forfeit 50I. by distress, by warrant of the person issuing such femmons: and if he have not fuScient goods

or

Gaming. i'25

whereon to levy the 50I. he shall be committed to the common gaol for six months,

But if any person think himself aggrieved- by the judgment nG.i. c.t % . ofanyjustice or mayor, he may appeal to the next sessions, giving reasonable notice to the prosecutor. — And if any justice or mayor, shall neglect his duty herein, he shall forfeit iol. with full colls, half to him that shall.fug (in six months), in any court of record, or at the assizes, and half to the poor.

If any person shall, by colour of any grant from any foreign 96- t9‘ prince or Hate, set;,up any-lottery; or shall make, print,-or publish any proposal for any such lottery or Undertaking, and shall beconvifted thereof, on oath of one:\vitncfs, before two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender, shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by former acts against unlawful lotteries, forfeit zool. one .third to the king, one third, to the informer,-and one third to the poor, to be levied by distress by warrant of such justices;- and shall also by them be committed to the county gaol for one year, and from thence till the said sum of 200I.' be paid: provided, that persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

No person shall keep any oflice for buying, or felling, or *3 G- % 47* otherwise dealing in any tickets in the lottery, without first taking out a licence for that purpose, but previously to the delivery of it, there shall be paid the fiim of fifty pounds for every such licence, at the stamp-oflice.- — No licence to be granted for any office in Oxford or Cambridge — Persons keeping any office contrary to this act, shall forfeit one hundred pounds. — The words, Licett/ed to' dial in lottery tickets, to be written upon the door in the front of the office. — The contract on every sale of a smaller fharc than a sixteenth shall be void in law, and the feller shall forfeit fifty pounds. —

All penalties incurred by offending against this act (except where a different mode of prosecution is herein before specially prescribed) shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, &c. in which the offence shall be committed, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender; and one moiety shall belong to the informer, and the other to his Majesty, to be levied by distress, by warrant under the.hands and -seals of such justices; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be font by' such justices to the house of cor rest ion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months,- nor less than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied. — Justices may mitigate penalties to one half, over and above the colls and charges.

Gaol

126

Gaol and Gaoler.

Building and Repairing of Gaols.

tz G. z. c.ig. f|-'HE jo Wees, or the greater number of them, within the limits of their commission, upon presentment of the grand jury at the assizes (orfessions, xzG.z. c. 29.) of the infuficiency or incoaveniency of the county gaol, may contrail with any person for the building, finithing, or repairing the same.

The expence thereof to be paid by the treasurer, out of the next general county rate.

Gaoler shall receive Criminals.

5 B. 4.ie. ALL felons shall be imprisoned in the common gaol, and not elsewhere.

4 El. 3. c. 10. And if the gaoler refuses to receive a felon, or take any thing for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same by the justices of gaol-delivery.

6G. r. jo. But vagrants and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with small offences, may for such offences, or for want of sureties, be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices in their judgment shall think proper.

How they shall be maintained.

is G.z. c. 19. THEY are to be provided for by a sum to be paid out of the general county-rate, by the high constables, to such sufficient persons dwelling nigh the gaols, as shall be appointed by the justices in open sessions, who shall be there ready .to, receive it.

How

Gaol and Goaler.

How Prisoners may be set on Work.

THE justices in their general sessions, if they find it needful, may provide a Hock of such materials as they find convenient for the letting poor prisoners bn work, to be paid for by the treasurer out of the general county-rate; and may pay and provide fit persons. to oversee and set such prisoners on work; and make such orders for accounts concerning the premises, as shall be thought needful, and for punishment of neglect and other abuses, and for bellowing the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners for their relief. Provided that the sum to be so paid do not exceed the rate of 6d. - a week for any one parish.

How they shall be restrained and kept.

THE county gaol is the prison for malefactors; but prisoners for debt, where escape lies against the sheriff for their escaping, may be kept in what place the lhcrilf please'sf -

But on emergent occasions, as in case of infcltioas diseasesy the sheriff or gaoler, with the advice and consent of three or more justices (i £>.) may, if they shall find it heedful, provide other safe places (with the owner's- consent) for th'e removal of sick or other persons out of the ufnal gaols.

The gaoler shall not put, keep, or lodge prisoners for debt and felons together in one room or chamber; but they shall he put, kept, and lodged separate and apart from one another in distinlt rooms; on pain of forfeiting his office, and treble damages to the party grieved.

The justices, in their several quarter-sessions, shall order the walls and cielings of the several wards, both of the debtors' and felons, and also of any other rooms used by the prisoners in their respective gaols where felons are usually confined, to' be feraped and white-washed once in the year at lead ; and to; be regularly walked and kept clean, and conllantly supplied with fresh air by hand-ventilators or otherwise; and shall order two rooms in each gaol, one for the men, and the other for the women, to be set apart for the lick prisoners, du elling them to be removed into such rooms, as soon as they shall be seized with any disorder, and kept separate from those' who shall be in health; and shall order a warm and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, to be provided in each gaol, and direct the prisoners to be walhcd in such warm or cold baths or bathing tubs, according to the condition in which they shall be at the time, before they are fulfered to go out of the gaol upon any occasion whatsoever. And they

19 C. z. e. 4. iz G.z. c. zg.

Rayoi. 1 36. 19 C.z. c. 41

zz y Z3 C.tr. c. zo.

14 G. 3. c. 5*.

128 Gaol and Gaolers.

shall Order this act to be printed in large and legible characters upon a board, and hung up in some conspicuous part of the gaol. And they shall also appoint an experiensed fur-geon or apothecary, at a dated salary, to attend the gaol, who shall report to the justices, at each quarter-sessions, a fiate of the health of the prisoner9 under his' care. — And they shall have power, in their said quarter-sessions,' to order cloaths to be provided for the prisoners, when they fee occasion; and to prevent the prisoners from being kept under ground, whenever they can do it conveniently; and to make such other orders, from time to time, for restoring or preserving the health of prisoners, as they shall think necessary ; and also to direct the l'cveral courts of justice within their fe-spective jurisdictions to be properly ventilated — And . if.'the gaoler shall neglect or disobey the orders of the justices', he may be proceeded against in a summary way, by complaint to the judges of assize, or to the justices in their quarter-sessions.

Gaols,

a+6' 3' JUSTICES in sessions, upon presentment Ij the grandjury,

t. 54. J are enabled to build and repair gaols in their respeQinie

counties.

It, The justices are to give notice, three times at lead, in

some-public paper, of such presentment having been made, and of their intention to take the same into their conftdera-tion, at the next, or some other general quarter-session ; and after such consideration, .they shall give notice of their intention to contrast with persons for repairing, rebuilding; or enlarging such gaol. Such contrasts to be entered in a book, to be kept by the clerk of the peace, liable to be inspected by the justices, or any person contributing to the rates of the county, &-c. without fee or reward. j2. If the presentment sets forth that the place wherein the old

gaol is situate is improper, the said justices may build a new gaol in any part of the county, &c. provided three-fourths in number of the justices assembled at two fucccliive quarter-sessions, after due notice as aforesaid, shall approve of such removal, but not otherwise.

U. The justices in their choice of the ground, and in determining

their plans, shall pursue such measures as shall provide separate and distinfl places of confinement, and dry and airy cells, for prisoners of the following descriptions by day and night, viz. Priforers convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge or suspicion of.feioay; prisoners committed for or adjudged to be guilty of misdemeaner:; and debtors : the

males

129

Gaols.

males of each dafs to he Separated from the femalis: an & & Separate place of confinement for such prisoners as are to be. examined as witnesses on .behalf of any prosecution of an indictment for felony: separate infirmaries, or lick wards, for men and women; and also a chapel; and convenient warm and cold baths, or .bathing tubs, as directed by 14

G. 3. c. 59.; and care.shall be taken that the prisoners shall not be kept under gtound.

The justices may purchase lands, houses, &c. for building, enlarging, and accommodating such gaols, c. 54 .

The sheriff may remove the prisoners to such house or U. houses of corteflion belonging to such county, &c. as the justices so assembled, with the consent of the said sheriff, shall approve of; and shall confine them there, while the new gaol is building, or the old gaol is repairing or enlarging: the expence of such removal to be paid by the county, city, division, &c.

The justices at their general quarter-sessions may nominate H. and appoint one or morejustice or justices to visit and super-intend the gaols, and make report of the state thereof to the court of the said general quarter-sessions; which court on such report may order and direct any sum or sums of money not exceeding aool. in any one year to be laid out in repairing such gaols; tho' such warrant of repair shall not have been presented by the grand jury: and any one or more justice or justices may order accidental damages to be repaired immediately, so far as may be necessary and fuifident for the safe custody of the prisoners; and such justice or justices shall re-fan the same to the next court of general quarter-sessions; which court is hereby authorized to order the payment of such monies as have been necessarily expended on such repairs.

Expences of rebuilding or repairing county gaols are to be defrayed by the county rates: but when the estimate shall exceed one half of the amount of the annual county rate, taken on a mean proportion for the last five years, the justices in their quarter-sessions may borrow on mortgage of the rates such sums not less than 50I. nor more than 100]. each, at legal or lower interest, as to the major part of them (not being less than Jive) shall appear necessary and expedient: such agreements, signed by the chairman and two or more justices present at making the order, to be an effectual security.

All persons, to whom such securities shall be made, may ja, transfer them to any others. The justices may charge the county rates not only .with the interest of the sums so borrowed, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal at least to such interest; which last shall be applied to the discharge of so many of the principal sums, as it will extend to S dischargC

i3»

U.

u.

u.

Gaols.

discharge in each year; till the whole, both principal and interest shall be fully paid and discharged. i. AH receipts and payments are to be entered in a book, to be kept by a proper person, and inspected by the justices at every sessions: and if the person appointed to keep the account shall not have applied the money to the purposes hereby-directed, he shall forfeit double the amount; The justices' fcali direct in what order the iccurities shall be discharged by l«t or otherwise; discharging such first, which shall bear the highest interest. The whole money to be paid, within a limitted time, not exceeding 14 years.

Bodies politic and guardians may sell and convey lands for the purpose of erefling new gaols, or enlarging the old ones: bat if the purchase money of such lands shall exceed iool. it shall he laid out in purchase of lands, &c. subject to the same uses, and dll the purchases are made, it shall be -laid out in government Iccurities; whether it be more or less than tool.

If the parties refuse to treat, the justices in sections, or any two or more appointed for that purpose, shall enquire into the value of such houses, &c. and shall ascertain it by a jury of indifferent men, whose verdict shall be final.

The justices, or any two of them, may issue their warrant to the sheriff or bailiff, requiring him to impannel, fumroon, and return 24 qualified persons, out of whom they shall draw by ballot, and (wear, or cause to be sworn, iz men, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid. And such justices may impof: a fine of not more than 10I. nor less than zos. on any iberiff or bailiff, &c. making default herein: expences of the jury to be borne by the building fund, if adjudged to be worth more, and by the feller, if less, than the justices had offered.

On payment of the mooey, or leaving it in the hands of1 such persons as the jaftices in session shall appoint, the justices,* or any two of them, may take posselSon of the pre-

mises.

Where the county is divided into several ridings, the justices for the several divisiens, in the next general quarter-felaon after the preferment of the gaol, may nominate three or more jaftices, who shall within one month (due notice having been given to the justices by the clerk of the peace of such divisions respectively) meet and assemble at such gaol. And the said justices, or the major pari of them (such major ptrt not being less than fire) shall hold a special sessions at the said gaol, for receiving plans, contrafts, &c. and the said lait mentioned justice* shall make their report to the general quarter-sessions of the peace of such ridings, of the fevc-ral plans and estimates, and also of the expence necessary to be raised, on each riding as their quota of the expence to be incurred; which iums shall be raised after the manner of cuuntv rates.

Ne

Gaols. 131

'No justice doing any thing in the execution.of this act shall 24 G. 3.ftjp, 3. be capable of having any beneficial interest or concern whatso- c- 54-ever, in any contract or agreement, nor shall receive any be- . . nefit or emolument for any design or plan which he may 'deliver or produce.

The justices at their sessions, oratfome special adjournment Id. held for that purpose, may appoint such salaries' and allowances to gaolers as they shall think proper, in lieu of the advantages Which might arise from the sale of liquors in the gaols: such salaries to be paid by the treasurer of the county, city, &c. when signed by the chairman of the sessions.' But such certificate of salaries is not to be signed by the chairman; till they shall have been settled at a general quarter-sessions, or at some special adjournment thereof; of which sessions or adjournment, notice shall have been given at lead 14 days ber fore in the public papers by" the clerk of the peace.

No gaoler from June 24, 1785, shall suffer tippling or U-gaming in the prison, or shall {ell, or suffer to be sold, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors, or have any interest in the sale thereof, under the penalty of iol. for every such offence; -" to be recovered by diltrcfs, on confession, or the oath of any witness or witnesses, which oath the justices. are hereby empowered to administer.

The penalty, after charges of recovering if are dednfted,- Id.

shall be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the use of she prisoner; and on failure of distress, the offender to be committed to the house of eorreftion for three months, or till the penalty and all reasonable charges shall be paid.

Justices shall cause the coniviction of any person offending Id, against this act to be drawn up in this form:

7 Be it remembered, that oil the — — day ofin tht

J ----- year of the reign of his Majesty --- A. B. is

tonvihed before — — - of his Majesty's justices of the fence for the faii ' - by virtue of an aB of parliament made, in the' tqtb year of the reign of his Majesty King George the third, entitled. An act to enable justices of feace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties, of [here set forth the offence, and the'time when, and place where the same was committed]. Given under our hands and seals, the day andy'ear aforesaid,

Form of mortgage, and charge upon the county rates for securing sums borrowed, is at the end'-of the act, and needs not to be inserted here. 1 >

S a

Of

132

Gaols,

Of Clergymen to officiate in Gaols.

i; C. 5. c. 5S. THE jallices in sessions may appoint clergymen to officiate in gaols according to the rites of the church of England, and allow to each a salary not exceeding 50I. a year; to be paid by the treasurer ont of the county-rate.

How prisoners Stall be delivered.

14G.3. r.ie. IF the prisoner is acquitted, or discharged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, or hath no bill found against him, he shall pay no fee to the gaoler for his discharge; but such fee as hath been usual, not exceeding 13s. ifd. shall, on certificate of the judge or justice before whom such prisoner hath been discharged, be paid out of the general county-rate.

Concerning Debtors.

js p. 1.:. iS. NO flieriiF, bailiff, or other officer, shall take more for one or more night's lodging, or for a day's diet, or other expences of any person under arrell, than shall be allowed by order of sessions: which sessions shall make order therein, and vary the same from time to time as they shall see occasion; and shall canfe a copy of every such order, and of every variation or alteration thereof,'ligned by the clerk of the peace, to be put of and kept in some conlpicuons place in the sessions house or other proper place, that the same may be there fecn and examined. — And every sheriff, and other person intrulte'd with the execution of process, shall deliver a printed copy of the several clauses in this act relating to bailiffs and other persons to be employed under them, to every such bailiff ana other person; and shall also make it part of the condition of the bond to be given by such bailiff or other person, that he will shew and deliver a copy of the said clauses to every person he shall arrell and go with to any public or other house where any liquor shall he fold, and that he will permit every~~person so arrelled, or any friend of his, to read over the same clauses before any liquor, meat, or viSuals shall be called for or brought to such person: and if any bailiff shall offend in the premises; he shall, besides the breach of the condition of the bond, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in' the execution of the process, and punishable as such by virtue of this act. — And the sheriffs and gaolers shall suffer any prisoner for debt, at

K. B. It may not be amlfs to insert In this place a determination of the coot: of King's Bench, Michaelmas term 1787; viz. that the sheriff is entitled, on the levying of executions, to nothing more than what is allowed by Eliz. so. which entitles the sheriff to is. in the pound on all executions, where the sum levied amounts to ipc!. or less, and to 6d. in the pound; for all above that f-m.

*33

Gaols.

his will and pleasure to fend for or to have brought unto him at (easonable times in the day, any beer, ale, victuals, or other necessary food, from what place he shall think fit, or can have the same: and also to have and use such bedding, linen, and other necessaries, as he shall have occasion for and think fit, or shall be supplied with, without purloining or detaining the same, or requiring him to pay for the having or using thereof, or putting any manner of restraint or difficulty upon him in relation thereunto.

The two lords chief justices and lord chief baron, or two 32G> a. c. aS, of thcih, together with1 the mayor and two aldermen of London or with three aldermen without the mayor, in respect of the prisons within the said city'; and the said lords chief justices and chief baron, or two of them, together with three justices of the peace of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, for the prisons within the said counties; and elsewhere, the justices

in sessions,--- shall establish tables of the rates and fees to be

taken by gaolers within their respective jurisdiction, and,vary the same from time to time as they shall see occasion. The same to be signed respectively by the said ju4ges, mayor, aldermen, and julticcg within London, Middlesex, and'Surrey,; and elsewhere, to be signed by three .or more justices in sessions, and afterwards reviewed and confirmed or moderated by the judges of assize (or justices of great sessions in Wales and Cheshire) at the next assizes to be held after making or varying the same as aforesaid; the same to be afterwards figbed by the said judges of assize and three justices of the peace of such division or place respectively — And proper rules and orders, for the better government of the respective gaols and prisoners therein, shall be. made, and altered from time to time as there shall be occasion, by the courts of Westminster hall for the several prisons belonging to the said courts; And by the said lords chief justices and chief baron or two of them, together with the mayor of London and two aldermen, or with three aldermen without the mayor, for the prisons within the said city: And by the said lords chief justices and chief baron or two of them, together with three justices of the peace, for the prisons within Middlesex and Surrey; and elsewhere, by three or more justices in sessions, for the prisons within their respective districts; the same to be afterwards reviewed, and altered if thought necessary, by the judges of assize at the next assizes after making or altering the same.

And duplicates of every such table of fees and of orders jj, which shall be made for the prisons belonging to the courts of Westminster-hall, shall be enrolled in such court: And for any other prisons, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be enrolled by him, without fee; and every such clerk of the peace shall c'ause another copy thereof to be hung up in the court where the affixes or quarter-sessions shall be

held.

134

Gaols.

held, there to remain and be inspeSed; and shall cause another copy thereof to be transmitted to the gaoler; and such gaoler shall forthwith cause the same to be hung up in feme open place and in 2 conspicuous manner in his gaol; and to-be there kept up, so as that the prisoners may have free resort thereto, at seasonable times in the day, without paying any thing for the same. — The courts at Westminder, justices of aSze (and great fe/fions) justices of the peace, and of for charitable uses, shall from time to time esquire concerning gifts and'bequeib to poor prisoners; they may fend for papers and witnesses, and examine persons, upon oath, and order and settle the payment thereof in such easy and expeditious way. as they shall think proper. — And a table of such benefactions, alter every, such settling thereof, shall be tranlinitted to the clerk of the peace, to be registered by him without fee; and another , table to.the gaoler, to be hung and kept up. by; him in some conspicuous place in his gaol.

Concerning the Prisons of the King's-Bench and - Marshalsea.

rs C.:. r. z-j THE jufnces in Eader sessions shall set down what sums shall be lent out of every county or place corporate, for the relief of the poof prisoners of the kingVbench and Marshal-sea, so as there be fen tout of every county yearly 20s. at the lead to each of the said prisons; to be paid by the high con-Ihbles oat of the general county-rate, to two such treasurers or one of them, as by the most part of the j udices of the county shall be elected to be treasurers.

Gauger. See Excise. Gin. See Excise.

Glass.

»3 G. 3. ;S. fT'OR the edablishing a .corporation lor carrying on a glals

X* manufactory, for the calling of large plate-glass (which act hath continuance for 21 years) many of the penalties and forfeitures are recoverable before one judice of the place where such manufacture shall be carried on : Which not being general, it is thought sufficient in this place to refer those whom it may concern to the act itself.

Gloves.

GlOVeS.!:;:';

FROMand after the first day of August 178 J, all persons 45c. 3. c.

uttering or vending in Great-Britain, any-gloves or mittens, shall annually takeout a licence for that purpose,' for which there shall be charged a stamp-duty of is1.

For every pair of gloves or mittens, sold by retail, Id.

For above ^dt and to 1 id. - id; -

iod. to is. 4d. - 2d. 1

is. 4d. and more 3d.

All the said duties shall be under the management of the Id. of of damps, :who, or the major part of them, are to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf. 1

No person whatsoever,' required by this act to be licensed, W.

shall fell any gloves or mittens without a licence, in Great-Britain. upon pain of forfeiting for every offence, the sum of 20I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

Any two or more of his Majesty's of of (lamps, I'd. shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to fell gloves or mittens, within Great-Britain, for the space of one year, such licence to be renewed annually, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year (or which he or she shall be so licensed.

Every person vending gloves or mittens by retail, shall -M. cause the words, dealer in glomes, to be painted or written in large and legible characters, in some visible place in the front of his or their house, (hop, orwarehouse, on penalty, of 5I. for every pair fold without such inscription.

If any person or persons shall cause the words dealer in gloves, to be affixed or put on the front of his, her, or their house,

(hop, or warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, he,

(he, or they so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of 40I.

All persons who shall fell any less quantity than twelve dozen Impair of gloves or mittens at one time, to any one person, shall be deemed Retailers of gloves.

Every pair of gloves or mittens sold by any retail-dealer u-shall have affixed upon the inside of the right hand glove of each pair, a damped ticket, in such manner and form, as. the of of his Majesty's stamp duties shall from time to time direct.

If any retail dealer shall fell, or expose to sale, or if any Id. person or persons shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any gloves or mittens, subject to the stamp duties hereby imposed, unless the damp-ticket hereby directed to

Gloves.

to be affixed to the Tame shall be affixed, or- that shall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or damped with a damp or mark of less denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed; every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such pair of gloves or' mittens so fold, or exposed to sale, or lo bought or received in exchange, the sum of 20I. and if the party so offending shall be a retail dealer, licensed pursuant to this act, the said of of damps shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after conviction of the offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to any person licensed in pursuance of this act, who shalf fell to any retailer of gloves or mittens so licensed, any . gloves or mittens, although the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall not be affixed.

If-any person" or persons shall, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties hereby imposed, take off any mark or stamp, or shall, with the like intent, affix or passe on in any glove or mitten, any ticket, the same having been once made dfeof for the purpose aforesaid, and shall knowingly fell, or expose to sale, any pair of gloves or mittens with such ticket so fraudulently cut off, or removed, all and every person and persons so offending, shall forfeit the sum of 20I.

If any person shall fell or buy any such ticket, in order to be again made use of, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 20I.

Either buyer or feller informing against the other shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred.

Glovers, in their bills, may make a separate charge ior the {lamps.

If any person or persons shall counterfeit any {lamp, or mark, directed to b: used by this act, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be judged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All powers and provisions, prescribed by any former act, relating to the stamp-duties, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates andduties hereby imposed.

All pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided, (if feed for within the space of six calendar months) one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety thereof, with full colls of salt, to the informer.

Cut in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, and shall be recoverable in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, &c. by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

Any

doves. 137

Any justice of the peace residing near the place where the *5 a, 3. c. 53. offence shall be committed, may hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, and may summon the party accused, and allb the witnesses on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, either by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give j udgement, and issue out his warrant under his hand andfeal, for the levying any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture so adjudged on the goods of the offender; and cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and in default of distress may commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: Any person or persons aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such colls as shall be awarded, in cafefuch judgment shall be affirmed, may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such colls, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

If any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or Id. witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 40s.; to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as herein before directed, as to other penalties.

-The justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate and U, lessen such penalties as he shall think lit, io as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above all colls and charges; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari, into any court whatsoever.

The several duties shall be paid into the receipt of the ex- U. chequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

Good Behaviour. See Surety.

Grand Larceny. See Larceny.

Greyhound. See Game.

T

Gunpowder.

138

Gunpowder.

11G.-."Sy VERY person and persons, nfing any mill or other en-jQy gine for making of gunpowder, shall, besides the magazines and storehouses near their mills, have a good and sufficierr: magazine remote from their respective mills,-in some convenient place to be licensed by the justices, bn pain that every person making gunpowtibr, without having such magazine remote from the mill, shall forfeit 25I.' for every month, during which he shall make gunpowder, without having such magazine, and 5I. for every day during which he I no: being hindered By llrefs of weather, or other just impe-ciment) &all wilfully neglect or delay removing the gunpowder made at such mill. — It shall be lawful for the j'tiftices in sessions, from time to time, to license the erecting or having such mills and offices, or such magazines for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in places, not being within London or Westminster, or any other limits particularly deferred, the person having first given 14 days notice in writing of the intention to make such application, to an overseer of the poor or churchwarden of the parish or place wherein it is proposed to erefit such new mill arid offices or magazine, or of an adjoining parish, if the place be extra-parochial ; which overseer or churchwarden shall cause such notice to be publickly read on the Snnday next enfning, in the rarifn church after divine service. — And, if the justicei in the said feffiens shall refuse to grant such lioence, the party aggrieved may apply to the said justices then present for a spe-ciai Hate of the case, in order that the said case and proceedings may be removed by certiorari into the court of king's-brnch. And if the court of king's-bench shall be of opinion, that the justices ought not to'have refnfed such licence, they shall order the justices to grant such licence at their next sessions, and shall award colls on the writ of certiorari as they shall think fit.

hs- Ko person shall be liable to any penalty or prosecution una

tier this act, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder without such licence of the justices, in any magazine remote from any gunpowder-mill, and already built and used for that pttrpose, in any place not being within London or V/eflminster, or the other limits before described, until the expiration of six calendar months, after an adjudication by the justices that the same is dangerous: And they shall not have power to make such adjudication, except on complaint to them by some householder of the parish or placo in which the

Gunpowder. 139

the magazine shall be, , and after summons of the owner and examination of witnesses. — Thc justices in ielfions, on application by makers of gunpowder, may appoint proper and convenient pieces of ground,.not being in London orWeft-minller, or other the limits aforesaid, and not exceeding one acre in any one place, with the use of convenient roads thereto, on which they may erect magazines, after having agreed with the owner for the purchase of the same: And if fuc.h owner shall not agree, or by reason of any impediment cannot agree, the justices shall, issue a warrant to the sheriff, to summon a jury to appear before them at a timeand place appointed, who shall, upon their oaths, enquire into the true value of the said pieces of ground, with the use of such convenient roads thereto.' And the justices may fend for any persons interested, and examine any parties or witnesses upon oath. And the verdict of the jury shall be kept amongst the records of thefelfions. And the judgment of the said justices thereon shall be final. And the sum of money so to be adjudged, not exceeding 30 years purchase, shall be paid to the owner of the ground; and upon such payment, or in case of refusal to accept the money, then upon leaving the same with the justices for the benefit of the owner, the inheritance of the ground, and the use of the said roads thereto, shall be vested in the purchaser, his heirs and assigns, for the purpose aforesaid, and not otherwise.

For the more easy discovery of offenders against this act, IS c. 3. .. 61. any judice, on demand made, and reasonable cause assigned upon oath, may issue his warrant for searching, in the daytime, any house, mill, magazine, &c. in which such gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this act: And all gunpowder found on such search, and also the barrels, shall be immediately seized by the searchcr, till it shall be adjudged, on a hearing before two justices, whether the same shall be forfeited. — AH penalties on this act shall be recovered before two justices, on conviction of the offender by confession or oath of one witness, and be distributed half to the king and half to the informer; and where the penalty is pecuniary, it shall be levied by distress, and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding six months, nor less than three. — Prosecution to be commenced within 14.days after seizure of the gunpowder, or commission of the offence where there shall not be any seizure. — This act shall not extend to any mills or other buildings crcfted for making gunpowder in any lands belonging to his majesty; or to the keeping of gunpowder at any of his majesty's Itorc-houses or magazines; or to hinder the trial of gunpowder by his majesty's officers 5 or to the keeping of gunpowder at the magazines now crested at BarkingCreekfmoulh in the county T'2 of

14° Gunpowder.

of Essex, Eryth Level in the county of Kent, or the magazines near Liverpool, or the city of Bristol; or to the carriage of gunpowder to or from the king's magazines, under a special order from the board of ordnance; or to the carriage of gun* powder with forces on their march, or with the militia during their annual exercise, or which shall he sent for the use of fu«h forces or militia, — Also, this a & shall not extend to hinder any person from carrying an unlimited quantity of gunpowder, in dose decked vessels, &c. &c. from any vessels lying below Blackwall, or from such magazines lying below Blackwall and going to any place beyond feaor coastwise.

Guns. See Game,

Habeas Corpus. See Bail

Hackney Coaches and Chairs,

For the Duty on Coaches, fee p. 45.

9 A. c. 13. TF any person shall refuse to pay, or shall deface any coach A or chair, any justice may grant his warrant to bring him before him; and on proof upon oath may award satisfaction to the party, and on'refusal to pay, may bind him over to the next sessions, who may determine the same. c. 3. c. 44. The breach of the bye-laws, and of these rules and orders, may be punished by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, where the offence shall be committed, in like manner as by the commissioners. — And all penalties levied by any justice, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, shall by them be tianftnitted to the receiver general of the duties on hackney coaches and chairs, and they shall also transmit a certificate thereof to the commissioners, within ten days after levying such penalty, on pain of iol. half to the king, and half to him that shall Cue.

Hackney Coaches,

54BY this act, from Sept. 4, 1784, an additional duty of ~ ;s. is to be paid for all licences to keep or drive any hackney

coach within the cities of London and Westminster, or the . suburbs, or weekly bills of mortality. The duty to be paid

monthly

Hackney Coaches. 141

monthly, and all thedirections, provisoes, &c. of former acts to be observed.

All licences in future to be granted under payment of 10s. 54 C. 3.f,j... weekly rent. c-

By z6 G. 3, c. 72, the former rates cease, and the following from and after the jft. of August, 1786, take place.

s. d.

For — not exceeding one mile and a quarter - 1 o

For — not exceeding two miles - - 16

For — not exceeding two miles and a half - 2 0

For every half mile, an additional - 06

For — npt exceeding three quarters of an hour of time 1 o From three quarters to ah hour - - 16

From one hour to not exceeding one hour and twenty

minutes - - - 20

For every period of twenty minutes from the first hour

and twenty minutes - -06

For a day of twelve hours - - 14 6

After twelve hours, to be paid for by the aforesaid rules.

Hackney coachmen, by this act, are punishable by summons either before of or magistrates.

Persons driving a mourning coach or hearse without a num- jj, ber within five miles of Temple-Bar, may be summoned before the commissioners, and fined 5I.

Every cart or dray, &c. within five miles of Temple-Bar, M. or in the bills of mortality, shall have the owner's name, and place of abode, entered at the hackney coach office, and affixed, together with the number of the carriage, on some conspicuous part thereof.

The penalties and forfeitures arc recoverable as by former laws, U. and the additional duty to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, and kept distinct from all other branches of the public revenues.

Harbour filling up. See Rivers and Navigation. Hares. See Game.

Hats.

BY this act, for granting duties on licences for vending 3- f‘ff- S' hats by retail, from Oft. t, 1784, all retailers of hats e‘ are to take out a licence annually, and the duties of 3d.'6d. is. and 2s. according to the price1 of the hat, shall be under the management of the commissioners of ilamps.

The

The penalty for felling hats without a licence is 50I.

Every retailer of hats shall have the words, dealer in hatt by retail, over the door of his honfe, onp3in of 40s. for each hat fold.

Any unlicenced person putting up those words, shall forfeit

5°1- .

Stamped paper tickets are to be affixed to the lining of the crown of the hats.

Any person felling a hat, liable to the duties, without a proper damp, shall forfeit 10I.

Any person fraudulently tearing off, or affixing a stamp already nfed, shall forfeit zol.

Any person counterfeiting the stamp, to defraud his majesty, shall suffer death as a felon.

Penalties, sued for in six months, shall be divided, half to the king, and half, with full cods of salt, to those who shall inform and foe for the same.

Any neighbouring judice may determine offences, where the penalties do not exceed zol.

Persons aggrieved by such determination may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions.

Persons summoned as witnesses, but neglecting to appear, without a reasonable excuse, shall forfeit 40s.

The judice may mitigate penalties to one moiety, over and above all cods and charges.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

THERE shall be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot, orwitbhorse, horses, or otherwise, within the kingdom of England (except as herein-after excepted), carrying to fell, or expodng to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, a duty of 4I. for each year.

And if any such person be found trading as aforesaid, with-

out, or contrary to such licence; or if, on demand made by any judice of the peace, mayor, condable, or other peace officer of any town corporate or borough, where he shall so trade, he shall not have his licence ready to be produced; he faall forfeit 12I. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish wherein the offender shall be discovered; and for non-payment thereof, shall suffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the honfe of correction,

And

HaWkei's and Pedlars. 1/

And'if any constable or other officer aforesaid, shall refuse q/gl0 jy,c or neglect, upon due-notice, or on his own view, to be aiding in the execution hereof, being thereunto required, and be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence' shall be committed; he shall forfeit 40s. by.distress and sale by warrant of such justice, half to the poor, and half to the prosecutor. — And any person may seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or; other trading perfori,'till he produce his licence, if he have' any, or if he be found trading without a licence, for such reasonable time as he may give notice to the constable, churchwarden, overseer, or some other parish officer, who shall carry such person,'so seized, before a justice; who shall,-either on confession, or proof by witness upon oath, couvift the offender, and by his warrantcause the firm of 12I. to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, wares, or merchandizes.

From Aug. 1, 178;, every hawker and pedlar travelling *5 G. 3, c. on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, an additional dutyofvfl. for each year.

Every hawker and pedlar travelling with a horse, afs, or c, mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, theaddi-' tional sum of 81. yearly for each beast, over and above the first mentioned, and all other duties.

Every hawker and pedlar selling goods, after June 24, jj,

1786, by any mode of sale whereby the bell bidder shall be deemed the purchaser, shall forfeit yol. for every offence.

frhe duties made payable by and 10 W. c. 27, and all. Id. duties payable by this act, shall be paid on taking out the licence, without anydifeount, to the of for li-confing hawkers and pedlars, or some person or persons authorized by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and seals.

The licence mull be subscribed by two such of, id. or persons so deputed.

The penalty for travelling without such licence is tol. id.

Every hawker and pediar refuting to produce his licence to a Id. justice of peace, or any person authorized to demand it by the of aforesaid, forfeits tol. — Travelling with aforged licence subjects the offender to a penalty of tol. — And lending, or letting a licence to hire, to 10I. and the forfeiture of the licence.

Any person whatever may detain any hawker, &c. trading Id. without licence, or refnfing to produce it in a reasonable time, in order to give notice to a peace officer to carry such person, so detained, before some of his majesty's justices of the peace, which said justice is hereby authorized and strictly required, on confession, or due proof by witness upon oath, (which he is

hereby

144

Hawkers and Pedlars.

aj C.j.r.g.

U.

Ii.

13.

13.

33.

'Ji

la*

hereby empowered to administer), to cause the sum of iol. - to be forthwith levied by distress, or sale of the goods, wares, or Merchandize of the offender, rendering the overplus, .if any

be. . ....

Every canftable refofingto affilt in the execution of this .aft, forfeits id. for every offence.

Every hawker opening a room.or (hop, or exposing to sale any goods, &c. by retail, within two miles.of a market town, to be measured to the middle of the most central market place, he not being a hou&older there, forfeits iol, except it be on a market or fair day.

If any hawker, See. shall vend his' goods in any county, city, or town, by virtue of his licence, after the justices, at the general quarter sessions, have made an. order to the contrary, he shall forfeit iol. ; such order to be made at the fefiibns next after Michaelmas, and not to be in force till nine months after notice given in the newspapers.

Hawkers, &c. who were licensed on June 23, 178$, may set up any business in the place where they are resident inhabitants, though they shall not have been brought up to such bu-liness as apprentices for 7 years; and they.may .employ, per. Tons who have not been apprentices, notwithstanding the act 3 Eiiz.; nor shall they be removable to their latt legal place of settlement, till they are actually chargeable.

Ne wholesale trader in British goods shall be deemed an hawker.

Persons not included in this act are, fellers of printed papers licensed by authority; offilh, fruit, and victuals: makers of any British goods, their children, agents, apprentices, or servants, felling their own manufactures in any market, fair, city, or town: tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, and harness-makers.

Penalties above 20I. to be recovered, with colts offuit, at VTeftminller ; half to the king, and half to the informer. — All under 2oI. before one justice, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; half to the king, and half to the informer: and, in case of non-payment, to be levied by distress and sale; and, for want of distress, the offender shall be sent' to the county prison for not more than six months, nor less than one month, as the justice shall think fit.

Any witness neglecting to appear, without reasonable ex-cufc, or refuting, on appearance, to be examined, forfeits to!.

Hawks and Hawking. See Game. Hedge-breaking. See Wood.

Hemp.

145

Hemp.

IT shall not be lawful for any person to water any hemp or 33 *7>

flax, in any river, running water, stream, brook, or other common pond, where bealts use to be watered; on pain that every person offending shall forfeit zos. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, or any other who shall sue in any court of record, le«t. Sec.

Every grower of hemp or flax, who shall be entitled to the at G. 3. c. 58. bounty of 3d. per stone for hemp, and 4d. for flax, shall sign and exhibit his claim to one of the ju dices of the peace for the county, mentioning, in such claim, of what crop the same is, and the farm or ground on which the hemp or flax grew; which claim shall be likewise attested by two of the pariflt officers; and which claim, so attested, the said jufliceishereby required to countersign, and transmit to the just ices for the county, riding, or place, at their next general quarter sessions.

The justices, at their Michaelmas sessions, are to advertise the bounties granted by this act, with the conditions necessary to be complied with before the same can be received. — And, at jtheir said Midsummer quarter sessions in each year, to make up a state of the claims which have been finally settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the of for trade and plantations. — And the receivers of the land tax shall pay, on order of the quarter sessions, the sums appropriated for each county. — The justices shall transmit to the of for trade, &c. a state of the claims made, and their proceedings thereupon. — This act was made to continue only five years from the first day of August, 1782, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Herring Fishery.

IF any person shall damnify or destroy, without consent of aSG.e. r. 14.

the society of the free British fishery, any of the nets, fails, cordage, (lores, or other materials belonging to the said society, he shall, on conviction on the oath of two witnesses before one justice, forfeit to the society treble value, by dis-tress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, for any time Hot exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made. Prosecution to be within six calendar months.

Hides and Skins. See Leather.

High-Treason. See Treason.

U

Highways

Highways in general.

Of the special Sessioi.s to be held for the Highways.

THE justices shall hold a special feifions for the highways, in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-sessions yearly. — And any two justices, within their respective limits, may, whenever they shall judge proper, hold a special sessions, and adjourn the same as they shall think fit; causing notice to be given of the time and place ofholding such special feifions, and of the adjournments thereof, to the several justices ailing and residing within fitch limits, by the high constable or other proper officer.

Appointment of Surveyors.

THE justices shall hold such Michaelmas special feifions as aforesaid, at such convenient place, within their respective limits, as they in their discretion shall judge proper: and shall give notice of the time and place to the constables of the respective parishes, townships, or places, at least ten days before the holding of the said sessions.

On September zz, yearly, unless that day be Sunday, and then on the day following, the constables, churchwardens, surveyors of the highways, and houfliolders alfefted to any parochial or public rate, shall assemble at the church or chapel, or if there be no church or chapel, then at the .usual place of public meetings, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon : and the major part of them, foaflembled, shall make a list of the names of at least ten persons living within such dif-triil, each of whom hath an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within such district, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of the value of iol. by the year, — or a personal estate of the value of look — or occupieth a tenement of the yearly value of 30I. And if there shall not be ten persons so qualified, they shall insert in such lift the names of so many as are so qualified, together with the names of so many of the most sufficient and able inhabitants, not so qualified, as shall make up the number 10, if so many can be found; if uot, so many as shall be there resident — to serve the cilice of surveyor of the highways.

And the constable shall, within three days after such meeting, transmit a duplicate of such lift to one of the justices living near to such parish or place. — And shall also, within three days after making the said lift, give personal notice to, or canfe notice in writing to be left at the place of abode of, the several persons contained in such lift, informing them of their being so named; to the intent that they may

severally

147

Highways' in general.

severally appear before the justices at the said special sessions, to accept .such office, if they, shall be appointed, thereto, or to Jhewcause, if they have any, againlftheir.beingfo appointed.

And shall also return and deliver the original lift to the justices, at their said special sessions,. to be holden'in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-sessions.

And the justices theri'and there,-from the said lifts, ac- '3 G-r7s-cording to their discretion, and the largeness of the parish, . township, or place, shall, by warrant under their hands and seals, appoint One, two, or more of such persons as aforesaid, if he .or they shall, 'in- the opinion -of -such,-justices; be qualified for the office; if .not/one, two,'Or- more of the other substantial inhabitants,. oroccupiers oflands, tenements, woods, tithes, or other hereditaments, within -such parish, township, or place, living within three miles thereof, and within the same county, fit-.and proper to serve the office, if any such can- be found. — Which appointment shall, by the constable, be notified to every person so appointed, within three days after such appoibtment, by serving him .with the said warrant, or by leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his house or usual- place of'abode. — And. the said justices shall then and there give such- of the said surveyors as shall personally .appear before'them', a charge, for the better performance of their duty.

If any of the persons so appointed, whose names were con- U. tained in the lift, and who were served with the said- notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear at-the said special sessions and accept the said office, if-appointed thereto, in ipanner- aforesaid; or shall not, within six days afecr-beingferved with such warrant of appointment; signify his acceptance thereof, either in person or by writing,' to one of the said justices; he shall forfeit 5I.; And if any person so appointed, whose name was not contained in the lift,! shall refuse or negjcft to accept the said office; or shall not, within six days .after being served with the appointment, shew, tooneof the justices signingfuch appointment, sufficient-cause why he should not serve such office; — he shall forfeit 50s, .

But if no such lift shall be made and' returned; or if the u. justices shall make an appointment, and the person appointed shall refuse to serve; the said justices, or any, two of, them, shall, at the said special sessions, or: at some subsequent sessions to be holden within one1 month after, nominate and appoint some other person whom they shall judge proper, and appoint him a salary out of the said forfeitures and all other forfeitures,

. fines, penalties, aireffments. and compositions, within fuqh distrifl, as they shall think lit, not exceeding one eighth part of what shall have been raised'-by an assessment of 6d. in the pound for the use of the highways in such district, where any such assessment hath been raised; and observing the same rc-Itriftion as near as they can, from the best information they U z shall

Highways in general.

shall be able to get of the probable amount of such assessment, where none hath been already made: and the justices may, if they think fit, require the constables and surveyor, or any of them, to return to the said justices, at such time and place as they shall appoint, an account in writing of fuchfum which such assessment of 6d. in the pound hath raised,'or will, in their opinion, raise within such parish or place.

And if the constables, churchwardens, surveyors, and such housholders as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to make such lift; or if the constable shall not return such lift when made, and such duplicate thereof as aforesaid ; and give such notice or notices, and serve such warrant, as in this act is directed; or if such constable or surveyor shall neglect to return such account of the amount of such assessment as aforesaid, when required ; they shall forfeit 40s — Provided; that in cities, boroughs, and towns corporate; the justices shall not allow any salary, ether than such as shall be agreed on' by two parts Oat of three of the persons assembledin the respective parish; town-ship, or place, within such city, borough, or town corporate.

And in all cases where the justices, upon neglect orrefufal of the person so appointed surveyor to accept the said office, shall appoint any other with a salary ; they shall appoint one substantial inhabitant of such parish, township, or place, for assistant to such surveyor, until the next annual appointment of surveyors: and if the person io appointed assistant shall, on notice of such appointment, refuse to accept the office ; he shall forfeit 50s. And if any second- appointed assistant shall refuse to accept that office, he shall,-in like manner, forfeit 50s. And, in such case, they may appoint a third person, in like manner, to be assistant to such surveyor; who shall be intitled to these last mentioned forfeitures, and also to such further allowance, by way of salary, as the said justices .shall think proper; to be paid as the surveyor's salary is hereby directed to be paid. Provided, that no person, so appointed assistant for one year, shall be liable to be appointed assistant again for the same parish, township, or place, within three years next following such appointment; without his consent.

And the surveyor of any parish, township, or place, who shall not reside therein, but shall be appointed with such salary as aforesaid, shall (if required) give bond, upon paper with-our stamp, (for which the justices' clerks shall have 6d. and no more) to account for the money that shall come to his hands as surveyor.

The justices shall, at every special sessions to beheld in the v.-eck next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, cause to be delivered, a printed abstract of the most material parts of this act, to every surveyor to be then appointed by them, as the charge hereby directed to be given. — And the surveyors shall

; pa/

Highways 2 in general.

pay to the justices' clerks, for the appointment and charge, the sum of one shilling.

If two parts but ot three, of those To' to berassembled for 13 c. the nomination of forveyors, shall agree in the choice of any . particularperson. of lkill and experience to feme the office of r iiirveyor, and in settling a certain salary for his trouble therein, and shall return the name of such person, together with the lift; to the justices attheirsaidfeflionsto.be holden.in the week , next after, the Michaelmas quarter-sessions; the said justices may, :if they thinkiproper, appoint such person to'be surveyor for such parish, .township, or place, and allow him the salary mentioned in such agreement j which shall be raised and paid in the same manner- as the salary herein before mentioned is directed to be raised and paid.

If a surveyor shall die; or become incapable of executing his W» office, before the next specialfcffions for appointing surveyors; two justices, at a special sessions, may appoint another whom they shall think proper} 'until the next special sessions for appointing surveyors as- aforesaid. And ' if such deceased surveyor had a salary, they'may'allow the same salary to his fuc-ccfl'or, in proportion to the time he shall serve the said office.

The surveyor shall, frdm time -to time,-give information W. upon oath to the'justices, or two of them, of all such highways^ and of all bridges, caflfeways, :&c.' as are out of repair, andiought to be repaired by‘any person.or persons, bodies po-litic:or corporate, by reason of any grants, &c. and the said 'justices shall limit atimei for repairing the same: andiffuch repairs: shall not be efi'cdtually made within" the time, so limited ; 'the said justices shall present such highways, bridges, causeways, or pavements," together with the person or persons liable to repair the same, at the next general quarter-leffibns for the- place where: such-highway shall lie: and -the .justices there, if they fee cause', may. direct the prosecution to be carried on at'the general expence of such county; city, precinfl, or liberty, and to be paid out of the general rates within such

jurisdiction. . . .1. >:

And where any Jands have been or shall- be given for the y maintenance of causeways, pavements, highways, and bridges; the persons enfeoftedor trusted therewith shall let them to (arm at the most improved yearly value, without fine. And the justices, in their open1 sessions, shall esquire, by such' ways and means as they shall think fitting, into the value of such lands; and order the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof, according so the direction of the donor, if they find that the persons so intruded havebecn; negligent or faulty in the performance of their trull. Except such lands as have been given, for the uses aforesaid, to any college or hall in either of the Universities of this kingdom, which have visitors of their own.

Composition

H9

3.07s.

15°

Highways in general,

Composition instead of labour.

13 G. 3.C. 7S. . ANY person liable to perform the duty by fending a team, draught, or plough, with men, horses, or oxen, in manner aforesaid, may componnd for the same, if he thinks fit, by paying to the fnrveyor such sum as the justices, at their Michaelmas speciassessions in every year, shall adjudge tobe.reasonable, not exceeding 6s. nor less than 3s. for each team, draught, or plough, for each day 3 and in defanlt of their adjudging the same, then the sums of 4s. 6d. — for every cart and one horse or bead of draught, as. — for every cart with two horses or beasts of draught, 3s. — for and in lieu of each day's duty. And every inhabitant liable to perform such duty or labour, and not chargeable in any other respect, may compound for ad. each day.

jr -Provided, that if it shall appear to the justices, at their fpc-

cial sessions to be held in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-fefuons, that in any place there .will be a difficulty in procuring the necessary carriage, or a sufficient number of labourers, without paying high and extravagant prices for the tame; the said justices may order the team doty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind, except in respect of such teams as belong, to persons who do not occupy 30I. a year: they also may order the labourers, or such part of them as they shall think fit, to perform the labour in kind, on being paid for such labour the usual wages given to .labourers in such parish, township, or place, deducting'there-out the sum of 4d. for each day, being the composition hereby allowed for labourers.

t - Provided, that if part of such teams or labourers only are

required, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices in some given proportion, as one half, third, or .fourth part thereof; and the fnrveyor shall in that case, atapublicvedry, put the names of all the persons liable to fend such teams into one hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform such labour into another hat or box; and some inhabitant, then present, shalldrawoutfuchnumber from each, as shall be eqnal to the proportion so ordered by the justices; and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year. Which order of the said justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual to all intents and purposes.

And if any person shall keep a team, draught, or plough, and shall not occupy 30I. a year in the parish, township, or place where he shall reside, but shall in part maintain his horses and beasts of draught used in such team, upon or from lands which he shall occupy in one or more adjacent parish or pa-

rilhes;

Highways in general. 151

rilhes; it shall be lawful for the justices, at some special lel&onsj to mitigate and reduce the duty or composition in such manner as they shall think reasonable.

Working.

EVERY man inhabiting in any parish, township, or place; 13 G. 3. c. it. and being of the age of 18 and under the age of 60 years, not chargeable in any other matter respecting the highways for 4.I; a year, or upwards, and not being, born side, an apprentice or menial servant, nor having performed the statute-duty of paid composition for the same in any other parish, township, or place, for thatyear, shall, by himself or one sufficient labourer, work six days, for eight hours in every of the said days, as he shall be directed by the surveyor. And every person making default in performing such labour, at the time and place and in the manner directed by this act, shall for every such neglect forfeit the sum of is. 6d. (;. e. 9s. for six days neglect of personal labour, or not paying the composition;) and for not fending a full team with two men, 10s. per day — A cart with two horses and one man, js. per day, — A cart with one horlc and one man, 3s. per day.

The julliccs, at a special sessions, may, by writing under u. their hands and seals, order those highways (not being turnpike) which in their opinion do most want repair, to be lirlt amended, and at what time, and in what manner; according to which order (if such there be) the surveyors shall proceed within their respective limits. — If the justices make no such order, then the surveyors shall have the like power of di-restion.

Materials how to be procured.

IT shall be lawful for such surveyor, fortheufeaforesaid, in U, any waste land, or common ground, river, or brook, within his distrifl, or within any other parish, township, or place; wherein gravel, sand, chalk. Hone, or other materials are likely to be found, (in case sufficient cannot be conveniently had within the parish, township, or place, where they are to he employed, and in case sufficient shall be left for the use of the roads in such other parish, township, or place) to search for, dig, get, and carry away the same; so as he do not thereby divert or interrupt the course of such river or brook, or prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford, nor dig or get the same out of any river or brook within the distance of too feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like distance of any dam or wear ; ----- And likewise to gather Hones

lying upon any lands or grounds within the parish, township, or place where such highway shall be, for such service

and purpose : ----- And to take and carry away so much of the said materials, as by him shall be thought necessary for the

Highways in general.

the amendment of the said highways, without making any satisfaction for the said materials.' But no such Hones shall be gathered without the consent of the occupier'of the lands, or a licence from a justice, after having summoned the occupier, and heard his reasons (if he shall appear and give any) for re-fnfing his consent. — The same on turnpike-roads.

And it ihallbe lawful for the surveyor, for the use aforesaid, to search for, dig, get, and carry away land, gravel, chalk, itone, or ether materials, if sufficient cannot conveniently be had within such waste lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, in and through any of the several or inclosed grounds of any person whorasoever, within the parish, township, or place, where the same Ihallbe wanted, or, by licence'of two juiiiccsat a specialfeflions, within any other parish/'tdwnship, or place, adjoining or lying near to the highway for which such materials Ihallbe required,' if it shall appear to such justices that sufficient materials cannot be conveniently had in the parish, township, or place, where such highways lie, or in the waste lands, or common grounds, rivers, or brooks of such adjacent parish, township, or place, and that a sufficient quantity of materials will be left for the use of the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be (such lands not being a garden, yard, avenue to a' house, lawn, park, pad-dock, or inclosed plantation); the surveyor making such satisfaction for the damage to be done to such lands by the geting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between him and the owner, occupier, or other person interested, in the presence, and with the approbation, of two or more substantial inhabitants; and if they cannot agree, then to be settled by a justice of the limit where the lands lie.

And if any person shall dig, or cause to be. dug, materials contrary to the directions of this a S, whereby any bridge, mill, building, dam, highway, ford, mines, or tin works, may be damaged or endangered; he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than aos. at the discretion of the court or just ices before whom complaint shall be made.

Where a sufficient quantity of Hone, gravel, chalk, or other materials, cannot be provided and carried by the labourers and teams within any parish, township, or place ; the furvesor shall contrail for the getting and carrying thereof (in presence of the nffiilant, if any such be appointed), at a meeting to be held for that purpose; of which, ten days notice in writing shall be given, by fixing the same upon the door of the church or chapel, or, if there be no church .or chapel, at the moil public place there; which notice shall specify the work to be done, and the time and place for letting thereof. And if the surveyor shall have any share orintcrcll in such contrail, or in any other contrail for work or materials, orihall, upon his own account, let to hire any team,-or sell or dispose

153

Highways in general.

dispose of any timber, stone, or other materials (unless a licence in writing for the sale of such materials, or for letting to hire such team, be hr ft olt.iued from a justice); he shall forfeit iol. and be for ever after incapable to be employed as a surveyor with a salary.

If any surveyor, or person employed by him, shall, by rea- 13 G. 3. r. 78. son of the searchingfor, digging, or getting any gravel, sand.

Hones, chalk, clay, or other materials, make any pit or hole in such lands, rivers, or brooks, as aforesaid, wherein such materials shall be found; he shall forthwith cause the same to be fuliiciently fenced off, and such fence supported and repaired, during such time as the said pit or hole shall continue open; and after having dug up sufficient materials in stich pit or hole, he shall, within 14 days, cause the same to be filled up, floped down, or fenced off, and so continued. —

And where no materials shall be found, he shall, within three days, cause such hole or pit to be filled up, levelled, and covered with the turf or clod which was dug out of the same.

And if such surveyor or other person shall neglect to fill up, U.

Hope down, or fence off such pit or hole, in manner and within the time aforesaid; he shall forfeit 10s. And if he shall neglect to fence off such pit or hole, or to Hope down the same, as herein before directed, for six days after he shall have received notice for either of those purposes from a justice, or from the owner or occupier of such several ground, river, or brook, or any person having right of common within such common or waste lands; he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding iol. nor less than 40s.; the same to be applied in the fencing off, filling up, or (loping down such pit or hole, and towards repair of the roads in the parish or place where the offence was committed, as such justice shall direct.

Removing ObitruQions and Annoyances.

NO tree, bulh, or Ihrub, shall be permitted to Hand or jj_ grow in any highway, within the distance of 15 feet from the centre thereof, except for ornament or ihelter to the house, building, or court yard of the owner thereof.

And if the possessors of the land next adjoining shall not, within ten days after notice given by the surveyor, cut, prune, and plalh such hedges, and cut down or prune and lop such trees; the surveyor may complain to a justice, who shall summon thepdfieffor of the said lands to appear before the justices, at some special sessions, to answer to the said complaint; and if it shall appear to the justices, at such special sessions, that such possessor hath not complied with the requisitions of this act, the said justices, upon hearing the surveyor and the pof-X ' feffor

154

Highways in general.

feifor of fuel] land, orhisagent, (or, in default of appearance, on having due proof of the service of such summons) may order such hedges to be cut, plashed, and pruned, and such trees to he cut down or pruned, in such manner as may bell anftvcrthe purposes aforesaid. And if the poifciTor of such land shall not, within ten days, obey such order on notice thereof, he shall forfeit as. for every 24 feet in length of such hedge which shall be neglected to be cut and plalhed, and zs. for every tree which shall be neglected to be cut down, or pruned andlopped; and the surveyor shall cause the same to be done, and thepoffeffor shall pay, over and above the penalties, the charges and expences of doing the same; to be levied by distress by warrant of one justice.

is c. 3. .. -z. And where the ditches shall not be sufficient to carry off the water which shall lie upon and annoy the highways; in such case, it shall be lawful for the surveyor, by order of one justice, to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands adjoining or lying near to such highways, for the more easy and effectual carrying off such water from the said highways.

And if any stone or timber, or any hay, straw, stubble, or other matter, for the making of manure, shall be laid in any highway within 15 feet from the centre thereof; and shall not, I within five days after notice given by the surveyor, or some person aggrieved thereby, be removed; the owner or possessor of the lands adjacent, or any other person, by order of a justice, may clear the said highway, by removing the (lone, timber, hay, straw, dung, or other matter, and have the same to his own use.

If any person shall encroach by making, or causing to be made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any highway not being turnpike road, within the distance of 15 feet from the middle or centre thereof; or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any land or ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands shall turn his plough in or upon any land or ground, within the distance of 15 feet from the middle cr centre of any highway, where the breadth of such highway is formed and marked, or described with certainty, and doth not exceed in breadth 50 feet; he shall forfeit 40s. to him who shall make information thereof: and the surveyor may cause such hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down, or filled up, at the expence of the person to whom the same shall belong: and one justice, on proof to him made upon oath, may levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges, as the said penalty, by distress.

>- The furTcyor shall, at all such times as he shall judge pro-

per, view all the common highways, trunks, tunnels, plats, hedges, ditches, banks, bridges, causeways, and pavements; and if he shall observe any nuisances, encroachments, obstructions, or annoyances, he shall give to any person doing or permitting

Highways in general.

mitring the same personal notice, or notice in'wri'ring to be left at his ufnal place of abode, specifying the particulars: and if such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, shall not be removed; and the ditches, drains, gutters, and water-courses aforesaid effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened; and such trunks, tunnels, plats, and bridges made and laid ; and such hedges properly cut and pruned, within zo days after such notice, then the surveyor shall do the same,- and the person neglecting shall forfeit for every foot in length one penny, and, over and above the said forfeiture, the surveyor shall, by such person, be reimbursed his charges and expences in doing the same; and if not paid on demand, the surveyor shall apply . toajultice, and on making oath before him of the notice being given as aforesaid, and of the work being done, and of the expences attending the same, the surveyor shall be repaid, by such person, all such charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said justice; and if not paid on demand, the same shall be levied as other penalties and forfeitures by this act.

If the driver of any cart, car, dray, or waggon, shall ride i upon any such carriage in any (beet or highway, not having some other person on foot or on horseback to guide the same (such carriages as are conducted by some person holding the reins of the horse or horses drawing the same excepted); — or if the driver of any carriage whatsoever, on any part of any llreet or highway, shall by negligence, or wilful misbehvaiour, cause any hurt or damage to any person or carriage passing or being upon such (ireet or highway; — or shall quit the highway and go on the other side of the hedge or fence inclosing the same; — or wilfully be at such distance from such carriage, whillt it shall be passing upon the highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horses or cattle drawing the same; — or shall, by .negligence or wilful misbehvaiour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free passage of any other carriage, or of his majeily's subjects, on the said highways j — or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refuseor neglect to turn aside and make way for any coach, chaise, loaded waggon or cart, or other loaded carriage; — or if any person shall drive, or act as the driver, of any such coach, polt-chaifc, or other carriage, let for hire, or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name (as by this act is directed) painted thereon, or shall refuse to discover the true chriilian and surname of the owner of such respective carriage: he shall, on conviction by confession, view of the justice, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit any sum not exceeding ios. in case such driver be not the owner of such carriage ; and if he be the owner, then any sum not exceeding 20s. and, in default of payment, be committed to the house of corrcClion for any time not exceeding one month, unless the same be sooner paid. And every such X : driver

156

Highways in general.

driver offending in either of the said cases, may, by authority of this act, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before a juliice, to be dealt with according to law. And if any driver, in any the cases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his name ; the juliice may commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or may proceed against him for the penalty by a description of his person and the offence, and expressing in the proceedings that he refused to discover his name, sj G. 3. c. 73. And for the better discovering of offenders, the owner of every waggon, wain, or cart, and also of every coach, post-chaise, or other carriage, let to hire, shall canfe to be painted, upon some conspicuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels of the doors of all such coaches, poss-chaises, or other carriages, before the same shall be used in any public highway, his chriffian and fnrname and place of abode, in large legible letters; and continue the same thereupon so long as such carriage shall be used upon any highway : and the owner of every common stage waggon or cart shall, over and above his chriffian and surname, cause to be painted on the part and in the manner aforesaid, the following words, csrjr.'.n jlcgi teaggea or earl, as the case may be. And every person using any such carriage as aforesaid upon any highway, without the said names and descriptions respectively, or cauf-ing to be painted thereon any fictitious name or place of abode, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s.

Ig, And for preventing ohtiruClions near public bridges; if any person, collecting any tolls payable for passing over any public bridge with carriages or cattle of any kind, shall keep any victualling house, alehouse, or other place of public entertainment ; or shall fell, or permit to be sold therein, any wine, beer, ale, cyder, spirituous liquors, or other strong liquors, by retail, — he shall, on conviction before one juliice, by confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

Direction Posts. Blocks, Mile Stones, Water Marks, and Battlements of Bridges.

IJ. THE justices, at a special sessions, shall issue their precept

to the surveyor, where several highways meet, and there is no proper cr sufficient direction polt or Hone already fixed or erected, requiring him forthwith to cause to be erected or fixed, in the most convenient place where such ways meet, a itone or pod, with inscriptions thereon, in -large legible letters, painted on each side thereof, containing the name or names of the next market town or towns, or other consider-

Highways in general.

able place or places to which the said highways lead; and also at the several approaches or entrances to such.parts of any highways*K are subject to deep or dangerous floods, giadu-ated ftofTes or polls, denoting the depth of water in the deeped part of the same,- and likewise such direction pods or ftottes as the said justices shall-judge to be necessary for the guiding of travellers in the bed and fafed track through the said flood? or waters: and if he shall refuse or neglecty-for thcfpace of three months, to cause fuchdones of pods to be fixed; he shall forfeit aos.

If any person shall pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface 13 c. any mile done or poll- graduated, or direction pod or d'onc, creeled upon any highway, such person shall, upon conviction before one judice, by the oath of one witness, or upon view of the judice, forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than'ios:; and, in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of correction, there to be whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lets than sevendays. f

Breadth of wheels, and number of horses.

NO waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels jj, of nine inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than eight horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of nine inches breadth, shall b: drawn with more than five horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, and rolling on each side a surface of nine inches, shall be drawn with more than seven horses. And no waggon, rolling a surface of fix inches only, shall be drawn with more than fix horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than four horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than five* horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of less breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than three horses: on pain that the owner shall forfeit 5I. and the driver (not being the owner) 10s. for every horse or bead above the number respectively, to the sole use of the informer. — But carriages moving upon wheels or rollers of the breadth of 16 inches on each side thereof, with flat forfaces, shall be allowed to be drawn with any number of horses or other cattle.

N. B. On turnpike roads the numter of horses in waggons is limited to ftur; in highways in general they are allowed Jive. The penalty on turnpike roids is aos. to be paid by the driver) not being the owner; but $1. if the owner offends*

No

*5?

i3C-3-f. 7

u.

iS G. 2. r.

e/T.S\.'.r.

IjC.j.:

Highways in general.

8. No prosecution shall be commenced before a justice,'unless tie information be laid within three days ; and if it shall appear to the justice before whom the complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such justice, the said justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy byaction at law.

The justices, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, may licence, in such manner and for such time as they shall think fit, an increase of the number of horses to be drawn in carriages up any deep hill, or any road not turnpike, over and above the number herein before limited; if it shall appear, upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to the satisfaction of any justice of the peace, or of any court of justice authorized to enforce the execution of this act, that any waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reason of deep snow or ice, be drawn by the number of horses or beasts of draught hereby allowed; they may dop the proceedings before them for recovery of the forfeiture. — For all the purposes of this act, two oxen or horned cattle shall be considered as one horde.

33. The wheels of every cart, car, or dray, within the bills of mortality, shall be fix inches broad in the felly, and not wrought about with iron, nor be drawn with above the number of three horses, after they are up the hills from the water side; on pain of 40s. by warrant of .one judice, by didrefs; and for want of didrefs, or non-payment in six days after de-c.8. mand, to be committed till paid. — But this hot to extend to any country cart or waggon, that shall bring any goods, or shall carry any goods half a mile beyond the paved dreets of the cities of London and Westminster.

Breadth, widening, changing, and diverting of Highways.

WHERE any highway shall be inclosed after a writ of ad quid damnum issued, and inquisition thereupon taken ; any person that shall think himself injured by such inclosure, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, if there be time for that purpose; if not, to the next sessions after: and the determination of such sessions shall be final.

In aid of the common law, and to render the ohanging of highways less troublesome and expensive, power is given by this act, to the justices of the peace, to widen, divert, and change highways, as they shall judge moil convenient.

Where it shall appear, upon the view of two justices, that any highway between the fences thereof is not of sufficient breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged ; or that the same cannot be conveniently enlarged and made commodious

159

Highways in general.

modious for travellers, without diverting and turning the same: the said justices shall order such highway respectively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in such manner as they shall think fit; so that the said highway, when enlarged and diverted, shall not exceed 30 feet in breadth; and that neither of the said powers do extend to pull down any house or building, or to take away the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court, or yard.

And if the surveyor cannot agree with the owners, or if they 13 c. 3. r. 78. shall refuse to treat or to take such recompence as shall be offered by the surveyor; then the justices, at any general quarter- sessions, upon certificate in writing, signed by the justices who made such view, of their proceedings in the premises, and on proof of 14 days notice in writing having been given by the surveyor to the owner, occupier, or other person orbody corporate interested in such ground, or to his or their guardian, trustee, clerk, or agent, signifying an intention to apply to such quarter-sessions for the purposes of taking such ground, — shall impanel a jury out of the persons returned to i'erve at such sessions: and the said jury shall, upon their oaths, assess the damages to be given and recompence to be made to the owners and others interested in the said grounds, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding 40 years purchase for the clear yearly value of the ground; and likewise such recompence as they shall think reasonable, for making new ditches and fences on the side or lidcs of the said highways that shall be so enlarged or diverted; and also satisfaction to.any person, or body corporate, that may be otherwise injured by the enlarging or diverting the said highways respectively.

And where there is not fulKcient money in the hands of the surveyor, the said two justices in case of agreement, or the said quarter-sessions, after such verdict as aforesaid, shall order an equal assessment to be made and levied upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, in the parish, town ship, or place where such highway lies; and if not paid in ten days after demand, the same shall; by order of the said two justices or court of quarter-sessions respectively, be levied by the surveyor in the manner herein-after mentioned. Provided, that no such assessment to be made in anyone year shall exceed 6d. in the pound of the yearly value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments so assessed.

And when any such new highway shall be made as aforesaid, jj. the old way shall be flopped up, and the land and foil thereof shall be sold by the surveyor, with the approbation of the said justices, to some person whose lands adjoin thereto, if he shall be willing to purchase the same; if not, to some other person, for the full value thereof. But if such old road shall lead to any lands, house, or place, which cannot, in the opinion of

Highways, :in general

such justices, respectively be accommodated with a convenient way and passage from such new highway; in such case, the old highway shall only be fold, subject to the right of way and passage to such lands, house, or place respectively; and the money arising by the sale shall be applied towards the purchase of the land where such new highway shall be made. And on payment or tender of the money, and on a certificate signed by the said two justices, or by the chairman of the said court or quarter-sessions respectively, describing the lands so fold, and.expressing the fain so agreed for, and directing to whom the same shall be paid; and on the pnrchafer's taking a receipt for such purchase-money from the person. entitled to receive the lame, by an indorsement on the back of such certificate, the foil of such old highway shall become veiled,in such purchaser and his heirs.

And moreover, when it shall appear, upon the view of two jnilices, that any public highway, not in the situation herein before described, or public bridle-way, or foot-way, may be diverted, so as to make the same nearer or more commodious, to die public, and the owner of the lands, through which such new highway, bridle-way, or foot-way; is proposed to be made, shall consent thereto by writing under his hand and seal; it shall be lawful, by order of the juiliccs at some special sessions, to divert and turn, and to Hop up such foot-way, and to divert, turn, Hop up, and inclose, sell and dispose of such old highway or bridle-way, and to purchase the ground and foil for such new highway, bridle-way, or foot-way, by such ways and means, and subject to such exceptions and conditions in all respects, as herein before mentioned with regard to highways to be widened or diverted. And it shall be lawful for any person injured or aggrieved by any such order or proceeding, or by the inclosure of any highway by virtue of an inqnifition taken upon a writ of ad quad datrwur., to appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, on giving ten days notice in writing to the forveyor and party interested in such inclosure, if there be time for that purpose; if hot, then to the next sessions after. Bat no incloluie or lloppage of such old way shall be made, until the new way shall be compleated, and so certified by two justices upon view; which certificate shall be returned to the clerk of the peace, and by him inrolled amongst the records. r

Provided, that no common land, lying between the fences of any old highway to be Hopped up or inclosed by virtue of this aci, shall be inclosed. And where the same, not 'being common land, shall upon a medium exceed 30 feet in breadth, and not extend to 50 feet, the same shall no; be Hopped up or inclosed, until farisfaction be made to the owner for so mnch as shall exceed the breadth of 30 feet; and if the parties cannot agree, the same shall be adjnfted by the said justices.

Highways in general*

i6i

or the jury, if a jury be impanelled: and if it shall exceed 50 feet in breadth, or if the old road be through the open field or ground belonging to any particular person; such person, and also the person or persons entitled to the land between the fences on the side of such highway, shall respectively hold and enjoy the land and foil of such old highway, and pay to the surveyor so much as Ihallbe agreed on ; or if they cannot agree, then so much as shall be adjudged by the said justices or jury, if a jury be impanelled, to be adequate to the purchase, efiimating such highway at 30 feet in breadth upon an average.

And the damage, if the {tarries interested shall not agree in ,3 g, 3. c. jg, adjusting the same, shall be adjudged by two indifferent persons, one to be named by the owner of the land, and the other by the said two justices; and if the persons lo to be nominated cannot agree therein, they shall chuse some third person to adjudge the same, whose determination shall be final.

And the money at which such damages shall be assessed, shall be applied in making satisfaction to the owner of the land through which such foot-way shall be made.

And if in any parish or place, where a highway shall be di- ij, verted and turned, it shall appear to the justices, that there are other highways within such parish or place, besides that so to be diverted and turned, which may without inconvenience to the public be diverted into such new highway, or into any other within the same parish or place, and the charge of repairing the same maybe thereby saved; the said justices may order such highway, which shall appear to them unnecessary, to be Hopped up, and the foil thereof fold, in such manner, and subject to such restrictions, and such right of appeal, as herein before directed concerning highways to be Hopped up or indofed.

Assessments how to be made.

FOR reimbursing expences, upon application by the fur-veyor to the justices at a special sessions, and oath made of the sums he hath Iona fiit laid out, of which will be required for the purposes aforesaid; the said justices, or two of them, shall by their warrant, cause an equal aircflment to be made upon all occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments ; to be made and collefied by such person or persons, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices by their order at such sessions shall appoint; and to be levied as herein afeer directed. — Provided, that no such assessment for those or any. of those purposes, in any one year, shall exceed the rate of

fid. in the pound.

If

Y

Highways in general.

If, upon application of the surveyor to the justices at their* general or quarter-sessions, or at a special sessions for the highways, the said justices shall be fully satisfied, by proof upon oath, that the duty hath been performed, and the money applied according to the directions of this act; or shall be fully satisfied that the common highways, bridges, causeways, ilreets, or pavements, belonging to any parish, township, or place, are so far out of order, that they cannot be sufficiently amended and supported by the means herein before prescribed (notice being firli given of such intended application, at the church or chapel on some Sunday preceding such quarter or special sessions; or, if the place be extra-parochial, notice in writing being first given of such intended application, to iome of the principal inhabitants (eliding in such extra-parochial place, a week at lead before such general or special sessions); — in such cale, an equal assessment upoo all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within any such parish, township, or place, for the said purposes, may be made and collected by such person, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices by their order at such general or special sessions shall direct. — Provided, that the said assessment, and the assessment herein before authorized for buying materials, making satisfaction for damages, erecting guide polls, and paying the surveyor's salary, shall not together, in any one year, exceed the rate of gd. in the pound.

Penalty of hindering the Execution.

IF any person shall refill or make forcible opposition against any person employed in the execution of this act; or make any refeue of the goods distrained; or if any constable shall refnfe or neglect to execute or obey any warrant of a justice, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding iol. norlefs than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor, for the repair of the highways: if not forthwith paid, or secured to be paid upon conviction, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid.

Penalty of the Surveyor for Neglect of Duty.

IF any surveyor, after his acceptance of the office, shall neglect his duty in any thing required of him, for which no particular penalty is imposed, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. norlefs than 10s. at the discretion of the justice or justices having jurisdiction therein.

Surveyoi's

Highways in general.

Surveyors Account.

THE surveyor shall produce the book and the assessments ^ 3 made in that year, to the inhabitants, at a vellrv or other J public meeting to be held ibr that purpose, within 15 days before the special sessions to be holden in the week next after Michaelmas quarter-sessions; to the intent that the said accounts, a He (Taicnts, and lifts, may be ihfpefted by the said inhabitants. And after the said book and assessments shall have been produced atfuch meeting, he shall take the same to a justice, on such day and at such hour as shall be agreed upon at such meeting before such lad mentioned special sessions; and then and there verify such account, or any part thereof, upon oath, if required. And such judice may allow such account, if he finds it just.orpoftpone it until such special sessions, if he finds cause for so doing; and in case any articles contained in such accounts shall not be explained and proved to the satisfaction of such justices, they may disallow the same,

- And, for the account examined and taken, and oath admi- ^ nidered, the justices' clerks shall have the sum of is. and no more. — And when the said accounts shall have been so settled and allowed, or disallowed as aforesaid, the said book and assessments shall be transmitted to a churchwarden or overseer of the'poor of such parish, township, or place, or if the place be extra-parochial, then to some principal inhabitant thereof, to be kept for the use of such parish, township, or place : and the said surveyor shall also forthwith deliver a duplicate of such book and account, together with all sums of money that shall remain in his hands, and likewise all tools, materials, implements, and other things as aforesaid, to the succeeding surveyor, if any shall be appointed; or retain the same in his hands, and account for them in his next account, if he shall be continued surveyor in the succeeding year.

And if such surveyor shall neglect to provide such book, or to enter such accounts and lifts therein, or to deliver the said book and such duplicate thereof, and such assessments, tools, materials, implements, and other things, in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 4.0s. —

And if he shall make default in payment, or accounting for the money remaining in his hands, within the time, and according to the directions aforesaid, he shall forfeit double the money which shall be adjudged by the said justices to be in his hands. — If the surveyor shall die, before such accounts or lifts be made out, or such money, book, afTcffments, tools, materials, and implements, shall be so delivered and paid, his executors or administrators shall make out, pay, and deliver the Y 2 fams

164 Highways in general.

same, in like manner, and under the like penalty, as the fur* veyor eras liable and subject to.

Presentment or Indictment of Highways in general.

13 C. 3. r. 78. IF the inhabitants of any parish,. township, or place, shall agree, at a vestry or other public meeting, to prosecute any person by indictment for not repairing any highway within such parish, township, or place, which they apprehend such person was obliged to by law, or for committing any nuisance upon any highway, or Stall agree, at such vestry-meeting, to defend any indictment or presentment against them, the furT veyor may charge in his account the reasonable expences thereof, after the same Stall have been agreed to by such inhabitants at a vedry or public meeting, or allowed by a justice within the limit where such highway shall be.

Presentment by a Justice.

Ii EVERY justice of the peace, either upon his own view or upon information on oath given to him by the surveyor, may make presentment at their respective assizes or great sessions, or in the open general quarter-sessions of the peace, of any highway, causeway, or bridge, not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, or of any other default or offence committed and done contrary to the provision and intent of this statute: and every such presentment shall be as effectual as if found by tneoaths of 12 men: and the justices, at their general quarter-sessions, or the major part of them, may* if they fee just cause, direst the prosecution on such ptefentment as shall be made at the quarter-sessions, to be carried on at the general expence of such limit, and to be paid oat of the general rates within the lame: and for every such default so presented, the justices of assize, counties palatine, and great sessions, and justices of the peace, at their respective courts, may assess such fines as they shall think meet.

Levying of Assessments, Fines, and Forfeitures.

IF any person shall refuse or neglefi to pay the sum assessed upon him by any assessment in pursuance of this act, within ten days after demand thereof made, the same shall be levied by the surveyor or any other person, by warrant of one justice, by* ditUefs; and in default of distress, the justice may commit

See Appendix, No. 3 c, 36, »nd 37,

him

Highways :in? .general; 165

liim to the common gaol, there, to remain ontii he shall have paid the Cum To aJTeJTed, and the colts and charges occasioned by such neglect or refusal. — And if any fine, issue, penalty, or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall be levied on one' or more of the in ha- r

bitants, such inhabitant may make his complaint to the spefial sessions; and the justices there shall, by their warrant, cause a rate to be made according to the form, and manner herein before prescribed for reimbursing such inhabitant. Which rate so made, and confirmed by two justices, shall be collected and levied by the surveyor; who shall, within one month.after making and confirming the rate, collect, levy, and pay such inhabitant the money, so levied as aforesaid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, for any-of- 13 0. 3. e. 78. fence against the same, and all colls and charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this act (the manner of levy; ing and recovering whereof is not hereby, otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by distress, by warrant of one justice, where the offence, neglect, or default shall happen 5 which warrant such justice shall gran t, on conviction of the offender by confession, or the oath of one witness, or upon order made as aforesaid. And the penalty, when levied, shall be paid half to the informer, and half to the surveyor, for the repair of the highways, unless otherwise directed by this act. But if the surveyor shall be the informer, then the whole shall be employed towards the repair of the highway. And if such. distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said cods and charges shall not be forthwith, paid, the justice may commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalty, forfeiture, cods, and charges, be sooner paid.

I And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the said jj. judice, any judice of the limit where such person shall inhabit, on requed to him made, and on a true copy of the conviction, and of the order for payment of such costs and charge* being produced, and proved before him by one witness upon oath, shall, by his warrant, cause the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, and the cods and charges mentioned in such order, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid, to be levied by didrefs; and if no fuf!icient didrefs can be had, shall commit him to the common gaol or honfe of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid.

— No conviction shall be had, unless upon confession, or oath of one witness, or view of the judice. — Any judice may administer an oath to any witness or other person, for the better discovery and execution of the several matters or things herein directed to be enquired into and performed.

Appeal.

i66

Highways in general.

Appeal.

»3 C. 3. t. -s. IF any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done by any juJHce or other person in the, exeention of this act, and for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, giving notice in writing of his intention to bring Inch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or other person against whom the complaint shall be made, within six days after the cause of such complaint shall arise; and within four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before a justice, with one fufneient surety, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and pay such colls as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter-sessions. — And the justices at such feifions, 00 proof of such notice given, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall determine the appeal in a summaryway, and award colls to either party, to be levied and recovered as herein before directed.

Highways. (Turnpike.)

13 G. 3. e. S4. \TO gatekeeper, or other person renting the tolls, and re-y ftding in the toll-house, shall be removable by any order of two justices, as to his settlement, unless he shall be actually chargeable ; nor shall he gain a settlementby such renting and residence in the parish or place where the toll-house is fttuate: and no tolls or toll-house shall be assessed towards the poor-rate, or any other public or parochial levy. — And the gatekeeper, and also the surveyor, shall, when required by notice in writing from the trustees, or any live of them, render upon oath, to be administered by a trullee, an account in writing of all money received by them on account of the road, and not before accounted for; on pain of yl. to be recovered in a summary way before one justice, and applied to the use of the road.

££, And if the wife or family of a gate-keeper who shall die,

shall refuse to deliver up possession within four days after another shall be appointed, or if a gate-keeper shall be discharged from his oSce, a»d shall refuse to deliver up possession within two days after notice given to him of his discharge, one justice may, by his warrant, order the constable, with such afliltance as shall be necessary, to enter the house and premises in the day time, and remove the persons who shall be found therein,

together

Highways. (Turnpike.)

together with their goods, out of such house, and put the new appointed officer in possession. — Every constable refusing or neglecting to put this act in execution, and every surveyor, toll-taker, &c. that shall neglect, for the space of one week after an offence committed, to lay such information on oath before ajultice, as by this act isdirested, shall forfeit tol.

And the julticcsin sessions, on complaint to them made, by jjc. any justice or two creditors or trustees, may cause weighing engines to be erected, and the expences thereof to be paid out of the tolls.

No prosecution shall be commenced before a justice by way jj. of information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver of any carriage having a greater number of horses therein than are allowed by this act, unless such information be laid within three ‘days after the offence committed ; and no action shall be commenced, nnlcfs within one calendar month after the offence committed; and neither such information nor action shall be brought, unless notice be given by the informer to the driver, on the day on which the offence shall be committed, of an intention to complain of such offence. And if it shall appear to the justice before whom such complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him, the justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law.

Penalty of evading the Tolls.

IF any person shall unload any goods before they come to a. the turnpike-gate or engine, and thereby pay less toll at such gate, than would have been paid if such goods had not been lo unloaden, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oathofonewitness, forfeit 5I. to be levied upon the goods of the owner; and the driver, not being the owner, so offending, and being convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month. — If the owner or driver shall turn out of the road, in order to avoid weighing or paying the toll, and shall afterwards return and proceed upon the road, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by the oath of one witness, forfeit, if he be the owner, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s.; if he be the driver, and not the owner, any sum not exceeding 50s. nor less than 10s.

If any person shall take off any horse or other bead of U. draught from any waggon or other carriage, or cause the distance of the wheels to be altered before the same shall come to the gate, with intention to avoid the toll, or any forfeiture or penalty, he shall, on conviction before onejustice, onthcoath of one witness, forfeit jl.

Carriages

N. B. It'the farmer of the tolls shall take more or less toll than he ought, he shall forfeit 5I. and also the eontraft, if required; and every other gate-keeper, who shall take a greater or less toll than he ought, shall forfeit 40s.

I67

|. r. 84k

i68

Highways. (Turnpike.)

Carriages to be marked. Seep. 156.

13G. 3. C.S4. IF any person shall, upon any turnpike-road, drive any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, not being marked as aforesaid, the constable, surveyor, or any other person, may ap-

prehend and carry him before a justice, and on conviction, by confession or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than ics.

Driver misbehaving. See Highways in general,

P- 155*

Statute-Duty and other Labour on Turnpike-Roads, p. 150.

Id. WHERE there are two or more turnpike-roads under several acts of parliament, within the same parish, township, or place, and the statute-duty directea by all fuc'n act for the repair of such turnpike-road shall exceed three days duty in the whole, twojuilices, in a special sessions, may proportion the statute-duty betwixt such turnpike-roads and the other highways in such parish, township, or place, in such manner 39 they shall think fit, haring firil summoned the clerks and surveyors of the turnpike-roads, and likewise the surveyor of the highways for such parish, township, or place. — Where parts of highways or turnpike-roads are turned, by legal authority, to make the same nearer or more commodious, the inhabitants or other persons, who were liable to the repair of the old highway, shall be liable to the repair of the new: and if the several parties interested cannot agree, the same shall be viewed by two justices, and settled by them: and if it shall be found more convenient to fix a gross sum, or annual sum, to be paid by the inhabitants or other such persons, towards the repair of the new highway, the justices may, with the consent of such person or persons, and of the inhabitants, obtained at a vedry meeting for that purpose, and also of the trustees at a public meeting, if it be turnpike-road, order and direct the same accordingly.

li. Where any turnpike-road is in such a (late and condition,

that the statute-duty required to be performed upon the same, orfomepart thereof, maybe dispensed with, the justices, at a special sessions, upon application to them made by the surveyor of such parish, township, or place, may summon the clerk or surveyor of the turnpike-road to appear before them

at

Highways. (Turnpike.)

at some other special sessions, and produce before them a date of the revenues and debts belonging to such turnpike-road: and if it shall appear to them, that the whole or any part of the datute-duty may conveniently bedispensed with from such turnpike-road, without endangering the securities for the money advanced on the credit of the tolls, they may order the whole or part of such datute-duty to be performed upon the highways, not being turnpike, within such didrift, during such time as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

If the surveyor of any turnpike-road shall suffer to remain 13 G. for the space of four days, in any part thereof, within 10 feet on either side of the middle of the road, any pod, heap of dones, rubbish, or earth, by which the passage thereof may be obstructed or draitened, he shall forfeit 40s. — If any person shall encroach, by causing to be made any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any turnpike-road, within 30 feet from the middle thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands shall turn his plough or harrow on any ground within the didance of 15 feet from the middle thereof as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 40s. to him who shall make information thereof: and one judice, on proof thereof upon oath, may levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as the several penalties hereby imposed, by didrefs.--lf the trustees shall erect a gate where they have no power, the justices in sessions, upon complaint, may hear and determine the same in a summary way, and order the sheriff to remove it.

If any person shall wilfully or wantonly pull down, obli-terate, or deface any mile done or pod, he shall, on conviction before one judice, upon view, or by the oath of one witness, forfeit not exceeding 5b nor less than 10s. and in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than seven days, unless the same be sooner paid.

Every mortgagee, that shall have taken poircffion of the ti, toll-gate or bar, shall, within I4days after notice given to him in writing from the trustees, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered by any trudec, an exact account in writing of all money received by him, or by any other to his use, at such toll-gate or otherwise, and what he hath expended in keeping or repairing the same; and if he shall neglect to render such account, he shall, on conviction in a summary manner before one judice, forfeit for every omidion thefumof 10I. to the use of thcroad.

If any person shall redd, or make forcible op against, U. any person employed in the due execution of this act, or of any particular turnpike aft; or diall pass through, without paying the toll appointed to be paid ; or if the constable shall Z refuse

Highways.. (Turnpike.)

refute or neglect to execute any j uilice's warrant; he shall forfeit not exceeding 10I. nor less than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor, for the use of the turnpike-road; and if not forthwith paid or secured, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and all coils and charges to be allowed and ordered, by authority of the same, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, or of the person ordered to pay the said cods respectively, by warrant of one judice, on conviction of the offender by contession or oath of one witness, or upon such order made as aforesaid: the same to be paid half to the informer, and half to the surveyor for the use of the turnpike-road, unless otherwise particularly directed. And in cafefuch dilirefs cannot be found, fuchjuffice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or hoefe of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeiture, colls, or charges, shall respectively be fooacr paid.

And any justice may aft in the execution hereof, notwithstanding he may be a creditor or tradee.

And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the justice, any justice of the limit, where thesaidperson shall inhabit, shall, on requcll to him made, and a true copy of the' conviction for the penalty or forfeiture, or of the order for the payment of colls or charges, being produced and proved before him upon oath, caofe the said penalty or forfeiture, or the said colls or charges, to be levied by distress ; and, if no sufficient didrels can be had, shall commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid.

livery prosecutor or informer may, at . his option, sue for and recover any forfeiture or penalty imposed by this or any other act for erecting turnpikes or repairing turnpike-roads, in manner following, viz. if the same shall not amount to 40s. it shall be recoverable only by information before a judice; and if it shall amount to 40s. or upwards, it maybe recovered either before a judice as aforesaid, or by action of debt in any of his majesty's courts. Provided, that ten days notice in writing be given to the party offending, previous to the commencement of theaclion; and that the same be brought within one calendar month after thcoffence committed.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done by any judice in pursuance of this act, except under lhe particular circumstances hereafter mentioned, and for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions. And the judice,

having

Highways. (Turnpike.)

having received notice of such appeal, shall return all proceedings before him touching the matter of such appeal, to the said sessions, on pain of 5I. And the justices at such sessions, on proof of the notice given, and of the entering into recognizance, shall hear and determine the appeal in a summary way, and award colls to either party as they shall see cause, to be ievied and recovered as herein before directed.

Highwaymen. Sep Robbery.

Homicide.

OMICIDE in law signifies the killing of a man by a 66.

BY manllaughter is to be understood such killing of a man 66.

as happens either on a sudden quarrel, or in the Commission of an unlawful aft, without any deliberate intention ofdoing any mischief at all.

There is this difference between murder and manllaughter; 3 I»jl. jj. viz. that murder is upon malice forethought, and manslaughter upon a sudden occasion.

This offence is not bailable by the julliccs of the peace. % Ed. 1 c. ij.

Murder is, when a man of found memory, and of the age of,

discretion, unlawfully killeth .any person under the king's peace, with malice forethought, either expressed by the party, or implied by law; foas the party wounded or hurt, dieof the woundorhurt, within a year and a, day.

The law so far abhors all duelling in cold blood, that not , s2,

only the principal who actually'kills the other, biit'also his fcconds, arc guilty of murder, whether they fought , or not.

And it is holden, that the seconds of the party flain' are like-wife guilty as acccffarics.

They that are present when any man is flain, and do not 3 r»/f. 53-their bell endeavour to apprehend the murderer or manflaycr,

shall be lined and imprisoned.

Where any person shall beicloniously flrickcnor poilpned in one county, and die in another county, the offender'may be indicted in the county where the party dies, before the coroner, julliccs of the peace, or other justices.

By the rubrick in the book of common-prayer, before the ,3 £? q c. c.$, burial office, a person who hath laid violent hands upon him-fclf, shall not have that office uled at his interment,

man.

Manslaughter.

Z 2

N.B.

172

Homicide.

u.

u.

u.

u.

u.

N. B. No distinction seems to be here made as to the Hate of mind in which the party put an end to his life; the prohibition in the rubrick, with respect to the burial service, is absolute.

ROM and after Sept. 29, 17S4, every person who shall keep any horse, mare, or gelding, for riding, or for drawing any coach, chaise. &c. liable to pay duty under the management of the commissioncrsof excise, shall pay annually tos. on pain of 20I. for neglecting to make entry thereof in ten days.

And for every horse, &c. previous to its being entered to run for any plate, or sum of money, the further sum of two guineas; on a penalty, for neglefi, of zol. to be paid to the clerk of the course, or other person authorized to make the entry.

. Every dealer in horses within the cities of London and Westminster, the bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark, shall take out a licence, and shall annually pay for it 10I.; if withoat those limits, 5I. Such duties are to be under the of of the stamp duties; who zre appointed, any two or more of them, to grant such licences; to be renewed ten days at leaf! before the expiration of the year for which the preceding licence shall have been granted.

All persons liciifid to dial in hsrjes, shall have those words legibly written on some viable place in the front of their houses orftables. Sec. on a penalty of 5I. for neglecting to doit.

No person shall be compelled to travel further than to the next market town to make entry, or give fresh notice, or to pay such dnties as aforesaid, which must be done within 20 days after the expiration of 12 calendar months, after giving the former notice.

Lifts of persons liable to pay duties on windows, with the number of their windows, shall be delivered by the parish collectors of window duties to the distributors of (lamps, on a penalty, for neglect, of 5I.; the collectors to be paid 2S. for every hundred names, and so in proportion for any less number.

THe head distributor shall demand the duty of any person vrhofe name is contained in such lifts, and who shall not have registered any horse. Sec. liable to the above duties.

This act shall not extend to the horses of soldiers, or non-conimidioned officers in any of his Majesty's regiments of cavalry, nor of licens-'d dealers, kept for file and not for hire.

Horses.

nor

Horses., 173

nor to any horses, &c. let.for travellingpost, or to hire foraday,

$cc. by any licensed.post-master,.,or inn-keeper.

All horses used for riding, or in drawing any carriage sub- , G-jcft to any excise duty, shall be liable to the said duty of 10s. . ‘

annually.

But upon any appeal to the of, from the aflcfs- ^ meat for any horse, and upon proof on oath, to the satis- -faction of the of, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm not worth more than 1501. per annum shall have been ?o assessed, has been only used for the purpose of riding to and from market,-or church, or other, place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, the of may make an abatement of the whole duty,from the charge against the person to.whom such horse shall belong.

All penalties imposed by this act, not exceeding 20I. shall y be recoverable before two justices, and may be levied by distress, and for want of distress the offender may. be committed to the county prison, for not more than lix months, nor less than one : one moiety of the penalty to his majesty, the other to the informer prosecuting for the same, within one year after the offence committed.

No person keeping a horse, mare, or gelding, which shall 5. e. 70, be used really ana truly for husbandry, or drawing any carriage, (except such as was heretofore liable to an excise duty) or carrying burthens in the course of the trade or occupation of the owners, shall be chargeable with the duty of tos.per annum: if such horse, '&c. be only used for riding in its return from carrying such burthen, or to fetch such burthen, or to market, to a place of public worship, to an election of members to serve in parliament, or to or from a court of justice or meeting of of of taxes.

Where the owners are, through poverty, excused parochial jj taxes, their horse isalfo exempted from the tax.

Such persons as by the former act were allowed one horse for jj. riding, they renting a farm worth no more than 1501, per annum, are no longer excused the tax: that indulgence is, by this act, confined to occupiers of farms Iefs than 70I. per annum, provided such horie, &c. is usually kept for the purposes of husbandry.

The (lamp oflicers shall affix on the church doors, within 30 2 G days after the payment of such duties, the names of the per- "

fens, and the number of the horses so paid for; and the times when the same were paid; and any person defacing such lift forfeit 40s.

Where persons have more than one place of residence, a du- jj plicate of such entry, mentioning at the foot of it the time of the original entry, shall be delivered to theftamp officer of the next market town, on pain (for neglect) of 40s.

The

174 Horses.

14C. 3-jVf. z. The penalties to be divided, one moiety to his majesty, his

r-3'* heirs and successors, and the other, with full coils, to him

who shall inform and foe for the same.

Id. Any justice residing near, may hear and determine offences

against this act ; may summon the party accused, and also witnesses,' on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and .on dae proof, by confession of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, as the act directs, and levy penalties by diilrefs, if not otherwise paid, to be sold if not redeemed within six days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the party; or commit the offender, on failure of diilrefs, for three months, or till the penalty shall be paid.

/j. Persans aggrieved may appeal to the next general quarter-

feifioas; who shall finally hear and determine the same. jd. If any persons, who shall be summoned to appear as witnesses, shall refdfe or neglect to appear, they shall forfeit aos. ; Id. The justice may mitigate the penalties, where he shall see

canfe, to one moiety, over and above all coils and charges.

This act is in part repealed, but the duties on horses continue the same: the execution of the act being transferred to the of of the duties on houses and windows.

Buying of stolen Horses.

EVERY person offending against this ilatute, shall forfeit ' " jl. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue before the

;; .-. is. jn f-gjons, or in any ordinary court of record, and the

side shall be void.

U. If any horse shall be stolen, and afterwards shall be fold in

open fair or market, if claim be made in six months, where the horse shall be found, before the mayor, if in a town corporate, or else beforeajustice near the place where found, and so as proof be made before such magistrate in 40 days next ensuing, by two witnesses, that the property of such horse was in the party claiming, and was stolen from him within six months next before such claim, such sale shall net take away the owner's property; but the party froni whom the same was ilolen may r.t a.i times after, notwithstanding such sale, take again the said horse, on payment or readiness to offer to the party who hath posseEon, so much as he shall swear before such magistrate, that he paid for the same.

Killing or maiming Horses in the Night.

-.-l-z;C.z. 'VHEP.E any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously kill or dellroy auy horses, he shall be guilty of felony, and

may

Horses. 175

may be transported, by three justices in sessions, for seven years. — If any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously wound or hurt any horses, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved treble damages, to be recovered by action at law, or before three justices.

Horse-Races.

WHEREAS the great number of horse-races' for small ijc.a.r. 19.

plates, or prizes, have contributed very much to the encouragement of idleness, andimpoveriflunentof many of the meaner fort of people, and the breed of llrong and useful horses hath been much prejudiced thereby, it is enacted, that no person shall enter, dart, or run any horse (mare or gelding) for any prize, unless the same shall be, botta side, his own property, on pain of forfeiting the same, or the value thereof.

And no plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, shall be run for, or advertised or proclaimed to be run for, unless such plate, prize, or sum of money, be of the real and in-trinsic value of 50I. or upwards: and if any person shall enter, dart, or run any. horse for any such plate, prize, or sum of money, under the value of jol.; or shall make, print, advertise, or publish any advertisement of any such prize under the value of 50I. every such person so entering, darting, or running such horse, shall forfeit 200I. And every maker, printer, or publisher of such advertisement, shall forfeit tool.

— And no person shall dart or run any match for any sum of money or other thing, unless it be at Newmarket or Black-Hambledon, or unless such sum or other thing be of the real and intrinsic value of sol. or upwards, on pain of zool.

Every clerk of the course, or other person with whom any 14 C. 3. fijf. zi running horse,-&c. shall have been entered, shall, within 14 r. 31. days, pay all monies received on such account to the didribu-for of the damps in the county where the race was run, on pain of tool, for neglecting so to do, and also shall forfeit double the amount of the monies due on such account.

. An allowance to be made of is. in the pound to such clerk Id, ofihccourse, &c.

Betting, lodng, winning, cheating, and the like, at horse races, arc within the datutes of Gaming; for which fee the title Gaming.

House.

176

House,

4s.wi.2s:

s/r.r.,.

20 C. s. r. 11.

6 G. 3. r.

A MAN's home or habitation is so far protested by the law, that if any person attempts to break open a house in the night-time, and shall be killed in such attempt, the flayer shall be acquitted and discharged.

In the case of burglary, which is breaking and entering a dwelling-hoofe in the night-time with intent to commit felony, it is a capital offence, although no felony be actually committed. And where the offence falls lhort of burglary, it is by several particular statntes made felony without benefit of clergy, to rob any dwelling-honfe in the day-time, any person being therein ; or Healing in the day-time to the vaJpe of js. in any dwelling-house or out-house thereunto belonging, although person be therein; or Healing to the value of 40s. in any dwelling-house or out-house, although the same be not broken open; or breaking a house in the day-time, any person being therein and put in fear, although nothing be Holen; or privately Healing any goods to the value of 5s. in any lhop, warehouse, or Liable, although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein. And a reward of 40I. is given to any person who shall apprehend, and prosecute to conviction, any person guilty of the felonious breaking and entering of a dwelling-house either by day or night.

Duty on Houses in general, and on Windows or Lights therein.

3. COMMISSIONERS of the land tax shall be of for the duties on houses and windows. — And every assessor, before heath, shall take the oaths required by 1 If*. c. 18. before three of; which oaths are the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. — Assessors refusing to take the oaths, or their offices, shall forfeit 5I. by difirefs and sale.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read to the assessors, the several rates and duties, and openly declare the effect of their charge u'nto them, and how they ought to make their assessments.

3S. That is to say, for every dwelling-house, inhabited, shall be paid yearly 3s.

And

House.

And for every window or light in every dwelling-house inhabited, an additional yearly sum as followeth:

. *77

7 windows, and no more

8 —

9 —

to —

11 —

12 — —

.13 —

14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 20 ----- ----- -

22 —

23 ~ —

24 IS.

2; and upwards

2d. each, 6d. each. 8d. each, iod. each.

od. each. 2d. each. 4d. each. 6d. each. 7d.each. 8d.each, gd. each, is. iod. each, lid.each, od. each.

is.

is.

IS. IS. . IS. IS. Is.

r. 3.

And every kitchen, scullery, buttery, pantry, larder, tiG.t. walh-house, laundry, bake-house, brew-house, and lodging-room, belonging to' or occupied with any dwelling-house, whither joined to it or not, shall be deemed part thereof, and the windows therein charged accordingly.

And where several windows are fixed in one frame, if the 20 C. a. partition or division between them is of the breadth of 12 inches, the window on each side of the partition shall be deemed a distinct window.

And all windows in frames which shall give light into more U. rooms than one, shall be charged as so many separate windows as there are rooms enlightened thereby.

No windows or lights shall be deemed to be (lopped up, un- G. % . c. 10. lef$ it be done cfFeftually with (lone or brick, or plailter upon lath, or upon any other material commonly used to plailter upon, or with the same kind of materials whereof the outside of the house doth chiefly consist. — If any occupier shall open any windows, after the assessments are settled, and warrants for collecting signed, without notice in writing to the surveyor, he shall forfeit 20s. by distress and sale, half of which line shall go to the informer.

. The rates shall be charged only "upon the inhabitants or occupiers, and not on the landlord who let or demised the same.

And if any person shall wilfully obstruct or moled any affessor in the execution of his duty, he shall forfeit 3]. to be levied as the rates and duties.

The assessors appearing at the day appointed, shall deliver in their assessments, to be verified upon their oaths, and not otherwise. — And shall then return the names of two or more able and sufficient persons to be collectors, for whom the parish or place shall be answerable. — At which time, also, three or more of the of shall set their hands to the affeflinents, teilifying their allowance thereof.

A a 1 All

to G. z. c. 3.

XIG. x. c. IS.

xoG. x.r. 3.

ijB

si G. s. f. i

19 G. 3. r.: U.

iS G. 3. f. JjC. 3-r.

U.

House.

:c. All appeals which shall be made between March 25, and August 20, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the com.T.issioners, upon such days as shall be by them appointed between August 20, and September 15. And all such other appeals as shall be made between September 29, and January 20, yearly, shall be heard and determined upon such other dajs as shall be appointed between January 20, and February io.

>S- For every dwelling-house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of yl. and upwards, and under aol. shall be annually paid the sum of 6d. in the pound : ftom 20I. and under 40I. the sum of pd. in the pound : from 40I. and upwards, the sum of is. in the pound.

Where a house is divided into different dories or tenements, and inhabited by two or more .families, the landlord or owner shall be deemed the occupier, and charged accordingly.

-6- Cutnofarm-house shall be sated, which is uteA,ioitafJe, for the purposes of husbandry only; and not valued at more than 10I. per annum.

59. Coach-houses, offices, yards, courts, and gardens, occupied with any dwelling-house, and not exceeding one acre, to be valued with the house, and liable to the said duties.

Warehouses, being diilinci buildings, used only for the purpose of lodging goads, are not chargeable with the said duties.

House of Correction.

BY the 7 J. c. 4. it was enacted, that before Michaelmas 1611, there should be built or provided within every county, one or more fit and convenient hou(es of correction ; which houses were to be purchased, conveyed, of assured unto such persons, as by the justices in sessions should be directed, upon trull, that the same should be employed for the keeping, correcting, and setting to work, rogues, vagabonds, or llurdy beggars, and other idle and disorderly persons.

On presentmen: of the grand jury, that there is no house of correction.and thatitwill benecefiarytoprovideoneormore; or that the houses of correction already provided arc not fufRcient or convenient, or want to be enlarged, the justices in fcfGons shall have power to build, or enlarge, one or more fit houses of correction, or to buy or hire such houses for that purpose, with convenient outlets thereto adjoining, as on examination cf able and sufficient workmen, or others, shall appear to be necessary for that purpose: and if houses or lands are to be purchased, they shall be conveyed to such persons as the said

justices

179

House of Correction.

justices in sections shall, dir eft, in trull, and for the uses and purposes aforesaid. And the justices in sessions'shall appoint,

[it their will andpleafure, fitpersons to be governors or masters of such honfes so to be provided; and shall appoint such films yearly as they shall think meet, to be paid quarterly before-hand by the treasurer, the said mailer or governor giving sufficient security for the continuance and performance of the said service; which sums shall be paid out of the general 12 G. 2. e- 29.. county-rate.

And the justices in sections shall take care that the jtoufes of 17 G. 2. r. 5. correction (except those erected or maintained by particular founders) shall be duly fitted up, and supplied with implements, materials, and furniture, for keeping, relieving, employing, andcorrefting all idle and disorderly persons, rogues, vagabonds, incorrigible rogues, and others, who shall befent to, confined, or continued in the same; and shall make such orders and regulations as they shall think (it, for the better governing and regulating the said houses, and for employing, relieving, and punishing the persons therein, or for fending them to or from thence j which orders shall not be removed by any certiorari.

And whereas doubts may arise, where authority is given to jj, any justice or justices, to commit offenders to the house of correction, for offences cognizable before them out of sections, how long offenders may be there detained, and in what manner treated, where the time and manner of their punishment is not by law expressly limited; it is enacted, that where any offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, by virtue of any law in being or to be made, and the time and manner of their pu-nishment is not expressly limited, the said justice or justices shall commit such offenders to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour until the next general or quarter-sessions, or until discharged by due course of law: and two justices (of which the justice who committed him shall be one) may discharge the said offender before the sections, if they fee cause; and if he shall not be so discharged, the said sections may either discharge him, or continue him further, not exceeding three months.

And where any person liable by law to be committed to the 13 G. a. e. 24. house of correction, shall be apprehended within any liberty, city, or town corporate, whole inhabitants are contributors to the house of correction of the county, the justices of such liberty may commit such person to the house of correction of the county.

If the mailer shall not, at every quarter-sessions, yields 7 J. c, 4. true account of all such persons as have been committed to his custody; or if any person committed to his custody, shall be troublesome to the country, by going abroad; or otherwise A a z shall

180 House of Correction.

shallefcape away from the house of correction, before he shall be from thence lawfully delivered; then the saidjoltices shall set such fines and penalties upon the said mailer or governor, as they shall think fit; and all fines and penalties shall be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him.

I- C.-. c. j. Two justices within the respective hundreds, divisions, or jurisdictions, where there shall be any house of correction, or any two justices appointed by the sessions, shall viiit the same twice a year, or oftener if need be, and report the (late thereof to the next sessions. And if the governors thereof shall not set or keep the said idle and disorderly persons, rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, to hard labour, and punish and correct them according to the directions of their warrants of commitment, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves, the said justices in sessions shall fine them; the fines to be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him as part of the county-hock.

U. The justices in sessions may remove the said governor or

matter; and if any person removed by order of sessions, shall refuse or neglect to quit possession, for ten days after notice giren him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two justices (on producing to them such order of sessions, or an at-tetted copy thereof, and on oath of one witness of such notice having been given, and of his having refused or neglected to quit poflcCon) may, by their warrant, direct the sheriff to remove him, who shall thereupon clear the possession as in case of a writ of inhere facias pojjrjjicnim.

-i O. - r. 4c. Mo spirituous liquors shall be fold or nfed in any house of correction ; as may be seen more at large, under the article relating to spiri'uous liquors in the title Excise.

17 C. r. 5. And to defray the expences of erecting, purchasing, and repairing houses of correction, and of purchasing land to erect them upon, &c. the justices in sessions may cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as rates are to be raised by the 12 6. 2. c. 29.

zzC. 3 -c. 64. The justices of the peace in every county, riding, division, See. within England and Wales, at their respective quarter-feihons of the peace, to be held next after Midsummer from the time of passing this act, shall nominate one or more justice or jullires of the peace, to examine and inspect the several houses of correction within their respective jurisdictions; and thejufiice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required carefully and diligently to inspect the same, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions then next following, as to the llate and condition thereof, and the increase of number, or additions or alterations which they may judge necess-ry to make them more convenient and useful, having regard (o the ciafing of the several persons who shall be kept

House of Correction. >81

there, according to the natureof their crimes and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons as are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of such prisons clean and wholesome; and the said justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and flcilful persons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present buildings, to make them answer the several purposes of this act; which plans, together with the report, of the said justice or justices, .

shall be laid before the court at the said Michaelmas quarter-sessions; or if not then, at or before the Epiphany quarter-sessions then next following; which courtis hereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approve such ' plans, they may adjourn the quarter-sessions to a further day, for receiving proposals from persons inclined to undertake such work; and the justices, in settling and adjusting such plans, are hereby required to provide separate apartments ibr all persons committed upon charges of felony, or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of correction for punishment by hard labour, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prisoners; and they are also to provide separate apartments, in each division of the house of correction, for the women who shall be committed thither.

And the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-fcf- C 3. t. 64. fions, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, upon any report made to them as aforesaid, to make such order thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case may require. — As soon as such buildings shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general tjuarter-sessions, shall order them to be fitted up and furnished in such manner as to them shall seem litand shall also provide such utenfilsand implements as they shall judge proper, for employing the several persons who shall be committed to such honfes of correction for hard labour: and the keepers of such houses of correction are to deliver to the chairman of the quarter-sessions lifts of the persons in their respective custody, distinguishing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard labour, and in what trade, manufadhire, orbufiness, every such person hath been employed, and is belt qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the bed of his information and ob-servation; and the court shall, before the end of that session, give such directions for the future employment of the said fe-verat prisoners as to them shall seem meet; and the justices shall, at their general quarter-sessions of the peace, from time so time, order and direct a suficient quantity of materials for

manu-

1$2

House of Correction.

manofaflnres to be provided, for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds as they in their discretion shall think most proper; and they shall employ some fit person to be keeper of such house of correction, and may appoint a temporary aMant or assistants to instruct such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture, which the jnffices shall think most proper to be set on foot and undertaken there.

fi G. 5. f< 64.- The rules, orders, and regulations for the better govern-

ment of the persons to be committed to the said houses of correction, shall be duly observed and enforced, subject to such additions as shall from time to time be made by the justices of the peace, at their quarter sessions which shall be held next after Midsummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby authorised to make at their discretion; and such rules and orders shall be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such prison. — And the governor shall have power to punish the several offenders again It ihcfe rules, by closer confinement; and shall enter in a book, to be kept by him for the inspection of the justices at the quarter-sessions, and the visiting justice or justices, the name of every person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the punishment in-fiicicd.

U. The justices of the peace at their general quarter-sessions,

may and fnallcaufefuch sums of money, as shall be necessary for all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same manner as rates are directed to be raised by an act 12 G. 2. en-tiiuicd. An nclfcr tr; mere tnfy affijjing, aliening, and levying

H. Any justice may present the want of houses of correction to

the quarter-lentous, on his view or knowledge thereof j which prefcnrmcnr by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same manner as if it had been made by the grand-jury. — All pri-loners in such houses may be employed by the governor in same work or labour which is not severe, although such prisoners were not, by the warrant of their commitment, ordered to be kept to hard labour ; and every such governor or keeper {hail enter a separate account of the work done by every person under that description, and shall account with and pay to him or her one haif of the nett profits which he or she shall have earned, at the time of his or her discharge, and not before — No governor, or officer under him, is to fell wine, Stc. or any other article used in the house, under pain that every person offending therein, fnai!, cn complaint made on oath, and conviction of the said offence, before a magistrate having jcrifdiction there, forfeit 10I. for every such offence, and shall be ui 'miffed from his employment at governor or keeper, or as

affifiant

House of Correction. 183

assistant-in such house of.correction, by order of the justices at their next general quarter-sessions of the peace; andno-wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into, the house of correction to be drank there, unless for a medical' purpose, by a written direction, under the hand of the apothecary or surgeon usually attending such house of correction; and the directions given by '17 G. 2. for the inspection and controul by the ju.Ticcs over the matter or keeper of every such house of correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced.

The justices of the peace, in their respective quarter-sessions, shall fix a reasonable salary for the governor or keeper of the house of correction, and may moreover allow him some proportion of the profits earned by the prisoners.

Governors are empowered to handcuff or fetter any refrac- si G. 3. e. 64. tory prisoner. — The justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a minister of the church of England, residing in or near the place where every such house of correction shall be situate, to perform divine service there every Sunday, and may appoint such salary for his-trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding 20I. per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the county; but such salary to be diminished, at any future quarter-sessions, if the justices shall think fit. — All penalties inflicted by this act, shall, in default of payment, after due summons and demand made, be levied by aiftrefs and sale, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell; and for want of such distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of the county.

By this act, justices who have not, in pursuance of the for- 14 G. 3./# s. mer act of 22 G. 3. c. 64. examined the state of the houses of c. 5}. correction, may enforce the said act at the next or any subsequent quarter-sessions: and when the expences of building, rebuilding, or enlarging such houses shall exceed one half of the annual county rate (on an average of the last five years), the justices in their sessions may borrow, on the-credit of the county rate, any sums, not less than jol. nor more than tool, each, by way of mortgage.

The whole conduct of this matter, relative to the borrowing u, and repayment of money, and also the purchase of lands, &c. is on the same footing with the act respecting the gaols (except the clause which forbids any justice being concerned in any contract for rebuilding, See.) to which the reader may very conveniently be referred.

Any justice or justices of the peace authorized toconvift any Id. person or persons in a fujnmary way, without a jury, may,

after

184 House of Correction.

after the paling of this act, if he or they shall think fit, commitperlons so convicted to the house of correction, inlteadof the common gadl.

Hue and Cry.

sE H.S9.

13 Ed* I. p* 6.

FOR levying hue and cry, although it is a good course to have the warrant of a justice of the peace, when time will permit, in order to prevent canfelefs hue and cry; yet by the frame of the statntes, it is by no means necessary, nor is it always convenient; for the felon may escape before the warrant be obtained, and hue and cry was part of the law, before justices of the peace were first instituted.

Constables of hundreds shall be chosen, who shall present before juIUces aligned, defaults of the suits of towns, and all such as lodge Grangers in uplandish towns, for whom they will not answer.

And they which levy not hue and cry, or pursue not upon hue and cry, may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

Hundred.

zzG.z. (.46. TT 7RITS of execution which shall be feed out against the V V inhabitants of any hundred, on any j udgment obtained by virtue of any act of parliament, shall, by the sheriff on receipt thereof, be produced to two justices, (1 Q.) in or near the hundred; the same being first proved on oath before the said justices; and the attorney's bill taxed.

Hunting. See Game.

Ideots. See Lunatics.

Imprisonment. See Arrest, Commitment.

Inclosures. (Pulling down.)

9C. 3. c. :j. TF any person shall wilfully or maliciously demolifil, pull J X down, or otherwise destroy or damage, any fence made for

dividing or inclosing any common, wade, or. other lands or

grounds

Inclosures. (Pulling down.) 185

grounds in pursuance of any act of parliament, or shall cause or procure the same to be done j he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. Prosecution to be commenced in 18 months after the offence committed.

Indictment.

THERE can be no doubt, but that all capital crimes Haw. no.

whatsoever, and also' all kinds of inferior crimes of a public nature, as misprisions, contempts, disturbancesof the peace, oppressions, and all other misdemeanors whatsoever of a public evil example 'against the common law, may be indicted : but no injuries of a private nature, unless they some way concern the king.

A fact amounting to a felony is not indictable as a tref- t. Rym. 712, pass.

Indorsing a Warrant in another County. See Appendix, No. 101.

Infants.

BY an infant, or minor, is meant any one who is under the j hjl. j. age of zi years.

An infant may be guilty of forcible entry, in respect of t Ilaw, 147, personal actual violence.

And the julUccs may fine him therefore: but yet it shall be Dal;, c. j-6. gooddiferetion in the justices of the peace, to forbear the imprisonment of such infant.

No age is limited for the binding of parish apprentices j but 43 El. c. 1. it seemeth they may be bound after the age of seven, when they cease to be nurse-children, and consequently may be taken from the mother. — — See Apprentice.

It shall be felony without benefit of clergy, to Heal goods to the value of 40s. out of an house, though the house be not broken open; but this shall not extend to apprentices under 15 years of age.

Servants above the age of 18, embezzling their snafttt-'s uii.i.,. 7. goods to the value of 40s. shall be punished as felons.

Information.

Information

186

2 Krur. 259.

j' 4-

INl:OR?rIATIONSareof two kinds; 1. Such as are merely at the suit of the king: and, z. Such as are partly at the salt of the king, and partly, at the salt of the party; which are commonly called informations qui tom, from those words in the information when the proceedings were in Latin, qui iazj pro dcixixo rogo quampro fsipfo, far.

All offences against any penal ilatute, for which any common informer may ground a popular action, bill, plaint, salt, or information, before the judges of assize, orjustices of the peace in their general or quarter-sessions (having power to hear and determine the same) shall be prosecuted in the county where they were committed, and not elsewhere; and if the offence is not proved to have been committed in the same county, the defendant shall be found not guilty.

No informer shall compound or agree with the defendant, but after answer made in court; nor after answer, but by the order or consent of the court; on pain of being set on the pil-lory, in some market town next adjoining, in open market, for two hours, and of being disabled to be informer on any penal Ilatute, and also of forfeiting tol. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, to be recovered in any court of record, by action of debtor information. And the justices of atiize, and justices of the peace in sessions, may hear and determine all offences against this act.

O more inmates or families than one may be placed in anyone cottage, on forfeiture of 10s. a month to the lord of the itet. — But by 43 Elis. c. 2. the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, by the leave of the lord of the manor, and by orderof the justices at their felSons, may place inmates or more families than one in the same cottage, provided they be the impotent and poor of the same parish.

NO manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall paO from one to another, whereby any estate of inheritance,

Inmates.

Inrolment.

0:

Inrolment. 187

or freehold, shall be made or take effefldn any person, except the same bargain andfalebe made by writing indented, sealed, and inrolled in one of the king's courts of record at Westminster ; or else within the county where the lands lie, before the custos rotulorum, and two justices, and the clerk of the peace, or two of them at the least, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one: the same inrollment to be made in six months after date of the writings; and to be kept amongst: the records of the county.

Judgment.

BY many statutes, peculiar punishments are appointed for £)-/.-. c. jSS.

several offences, as pillory, docks, imprisonroent, and the like; and in all these cases, no room is left for thejuf. tices'discretion, for they ought to give judgment, andtoin-flidt the punishment in all the circumstances thereof, as such statutes'dodireft.

Jurors.

THE justices, at Midsummer sessions, shall issue forth their 36)' $.dn. c. 18.

warrants under the hands and fealsof two or more of them, to the high constables, requiring them to issue forth their precept to the petty constables, thereby directing and requiring them to make and return true lifts in writing, of the names and places of abode of all persons, within their respective con-liablcwichs, with their titles and additions, between the ages of 21 and 70, qualified to serve on juries by having in their 24.

own name, or in trust for them, within the same county where the issue is to be tried, ten pounds by the year at least, above reprizes, of freehold or copyhold lands, and tenements of ancient demesne, or in rents, in fee Ample, fee tail, or for the life of themselves or some other person; or, having in possedion, in their own right,' a lealchold estate 3 G. 2. c. 13. of 20I. per annum, for 99 years or more.

The high-condable failing to issue this precept, shall forfeit 10I. on conviction at the assizes or sessions.

And if any petty constable shall wilfully omit any person who ought to be inserted, or insert anyone who ought to be B b 2 omitted.

i88

Jurors.

omitted, or shall take any reward for omitting or inserting any person, he shall forfeit 20s. on conviction before one.justice, on confession, or oath of one witness; half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place for which the lilt is returned; if not paid in five days, to be levied by distress. And such justice shall, in writing under his hand, certify the same to the next sessions; who shall direst. the clerk of the peace toinfert orftrikeout the name of such person so inserted or omitted wrongfully.

7 £? S IK r. 32. The petty constables, at Michaelmas sessions, shall deliver in

the lifts in open court. zr Or inftrad of this, after they have compleated their lifts, it shall be fumcient if they subscribe the same in the presence of one justice, and at the same time attest the truth thereof upon oath to the belt of their knowledge or belief: and then the said lifts, being first signed by the justice, and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the said petty constables to the high constables, who shall deliver in the same at the said sessions in open court, attesting at the same time, upon oath, the receipt of such-Iifts from the petty constables, and that no alteration hath been made therein lince their receipt thereof. ftSljy. c. 3:. The constable failing to make return shall forfeit 5I. to the king, toberecoveredbybill, plaint, or information. '

3 C. 2. c. 25. And if any person, not qualified, shall find his name mentioned in such lift, and the person required to make such lift shall refuse to omit him, or think it doubtful whether he ought to be omitted, the justices at the sessions to which the lifts shall be returned, on satisfaction from the oath of the party complaining, or other proof that he is not qualified, may order his name to be struck out, or omitted to be entered in the book.

7 o S IK. c. 31. The justices shall then cause the lifts to be fairly entered in a book by the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided and kept for that purpose amongst the records of the sessions.

By a clause in the comraiflion of the peace, it is said. We command our sheriff, that at certain days, which you (the justices) shall make known to him, he cause to come before you so many and such good and lawful men of his bailiwick, (as well within liberties as without) by whom the truth shall be the better known and enquired into. sfJctr. 406. ft seems that justices of the peace may not order a jury to be returned immediately, nor on the same day, for the trial of a prisoner arraigned before them, as justices of gaol delivery may, unless the crime amount to felony, or the party confetti to be tried immediately.

- h. S. 263. And although the words of the writ be tvxlve, yet by the ancient course, the flieritt mull return i-ivemy-fcur, for the expedition of justice; for, if tv/clvc only should be returned,

tjicre

189

Jurors.

there would seldom a full jury appear; and in this case usage apd cuttom makes the law.

Betides the challenges which may be taken by the'plaintiff 3 77. 8. c, n. or defendant, it is enacted, that in cases where the king is party, the justices of alCze, or of the peace in sessions,. may reform the panels of jurors, by putting to and taking out the names of the persons impanelled by their discretion ;‘ and if the IherilF do not return the panel so reformed, he shall forfeit 20I. halftothe king, andhalfto him that thall sue. 1 '

By the law of England, a jury after their evidence1 given 1 hjl. 117. upon theilfue, ought to be kept together in foirie convenient place, without meat or drink, lire or candle, and without speech with any, unless it be the bailiff, and with him only if they be agreed.

But with the alTent of the justices they may both eat and Dr. (5 St. 138. drink; and if they cannot agree, the justices may in such case futfer the jury to have both meat and drink for a time, to fee whether they will agree. — But if the case lb happen, that the jury can in no wife agree, the justices (as it seemeth) in such case may take such order in the matter, as shall seem to them by their discretion to (land with reason and conscience, by awarding a new in quell, or otherwise, as they shall think bell.

If a man alfault or threaten a juror, for giving a verdict 1 Kiwi.57,58. against him, he is highly punishable by fine and imprisonment; and if he llrikes him in the court, in the presence of the judge of assize, he shall lose his hand, and his goods, and profits of his lands during life, and fuller perpetual imprison. ment.

In causes of ntji priut, every person whose name shall be 3G.z.r,zj. drawn, and who shall not appear, after being openly called three times, shall, on oath made of his having been lawfully summoned, forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. un- .

Iefs feme reasonable cause of absence be proved, by oath or affidavit, to the satisfaction of the judge.

If the grand jury, at the assizes or sessions, will not find a 3 //. 7, tll, bill, the court may impanel another inquest to enquire of their concealments, and thereupon set fines upon them.1

If a jury give a verdifi against all reason, convicting or ac- z7j.77.303, quitting a person indicted of felony, what shall be done ? If 310. the jury convifl a man, against or without evidence, and against the direction of the court, the court may reprieve him before judgment, and acquaint the king, and certify for his pardon: if the jury acquit him in like manner, the court may fend them back again (and so in the former case) to conlider better of it, before they record the verdict; but if they are peremptory in it, and (land to their verdict, the court mull take their verdict and record it.

Justices

igo

Justices of the Peace

D~':.=

Zee*. 63. = I". 55S.

- 1.

33*

U.

Di.':. c.i.

J/.f

. c. 24.

lS 6. j. c. zc.

ARE judges of record, appointed by the king, to be justices within certain limits, for the conservation of the peace, and for the execution of divers things comprehended within their commission, and within divers ftaiutes committed to their charge.

And a record or memorial, made by a justice of the peace, of things done before him judicially in the execution of his office, Sail be of such credit, that it shall not be gainsaid.

In ancient times such officers or ministers, as were instituted, cither for preservation of the peace of the county, or for execution of justice, were, by force of the king's writ in every several county, chosen in full or open court by the freeholders of that county-Besides these conservators of the peace properly so called, there were and are other conservators of the peace by virtue of certain offices : viz. (1) The lord chancellor, and every justice of the king's bench, throughout all die realm, (z) Every court of record within its own precinct. (3) Every justice of the peace. (4) Every sheriff. (5) Every coroner. And (6) every high and petty constable.

There were also other conservators of the peace by tenure; who held lands of the king by this service; and other conservators of the peace by prescription.

The general duty of the conservators of the peace by the common law, is to employ their own, and to command'the help of others, to arrefi and pacify all such who in their pre-fence, and within their jurisdiction and limits, by word or deed, shall go about to break the peace. — And if the conservators of the peace have committed or bound over any offenders, they are then to send to, or be prefect at, the next sessions of the peace, or gaol delivery, there to object against them.

. Justices of the peace at this day are of three forts ; 1. By aS of parliament; as the bishop of Ely and his successors, and the archbishop of York, and bishop of Durham. 2. By charter, or grant made by the king under the great seal; as mayors and the chief officers in divers corporate towns. 3. By commission.

No person shall be capable of being or afling as a justice of the peace, who shall not have in law or equity, lor his own use, in pofiession, a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for life, or for some greater ellate, or an estate for forae long term of years, determinable upon one or more lives, or for a certain term originally created for 21 year: or more, in lands,

tenements,

Justices of the Peace. 191

tenements, or hereditaments, in England or Wales, of the clear yearly value of tool, above what will discharge all incumbrances affecting the same, and all rents and charges payable out of the same : or who shall not be entitled to the immediate reversion or remainder of lands leased for one, two, or three lives, or for any term of years determinable on the death of one, two, or three lives, upon reserved rents of the clear yearly value of 300I.

Everyjustice of the peace before he acts, at the sessions of the county where he intends to act, shall take and subscribe the oath following: I A. B. dojkvear, that I truly ami bona fide have fitch an estate, in law nr equity, to and for my own use and benefit, confifiing of — (specifying the nature of such cllate whether. messuage, land,- rent, tythe, office, benciice, or what else) as doth qualify me to ail as a jufiiee of the peace for the

county, riding, or division of----, according to the true intent

and meaning of an act of parliament made in the 18th year of the reign of his majesty hing' George the second, entitled, an ail to amend and render snore ej'eilual an ail passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, an all for the further qualification ofjujliccs of the peace; and that the same (except where it confills of an office, benefice, or ecclesiastical preferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and usual names) is lying or beisig, or fining out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being within the parifit, township, or preeinil

of ----- -, or in the feuseral parishes, townships, or precinils of

— , in the county of — , or in the Jcvcral counties of ----- ----- ,

(as the case may be.)

Which oath taken and subscribed, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace among the records of the sessions.

And if any person shall act as justice, without having taken and subscribed the said oath, or without being qualified as above, he shall, for every offence, forfeit tool, half to the poof of the patish in which he moll usually resides, and half to him who shall sue, with full cods. The prosecution to be in six months.

No sheriff shall exercise the office of a jufiiee of the peace, sM.frjj'.i. c.n. during the time that he aftsas sheriff.

Justices of the peace have jurisdiction of all inferior crimes i llav.^o. within their commission, whether such crimes be mentioned in any statute concerning them or not; for all such crimes are cither directly, or at leait by consequence and judgment of law, against the peace.

The Justice of the Feace his Oath of Office.

YE shall swear, that as justice of the peace in the county of M. in all articles in the king's commission to you directed,

you

ig2

Justices of the Peace.

you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, wit, and power, and after the laws and custoras of the realm, and statutes thereof made: and ye shall not be of counsel of any quarrel hanging before you: and that ye hold your sessions after the form of the liatutes thereof made: and the iifues, fines, and amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and all forfeitures which shall fall .before you, ye shall cause to be made without any concealment (or embezzling) and truly fend them to the king's exchequer. Ye shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly ye shall do your office of justice of the peace in that behalf: and you shall take nothing for your office of justice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and colts limited by Haute. And ye shall not direct, nor cause to be directed, any warrant (by you to be made)-to the parties, but ye shall Hired them to the bailiff of the said county, nr other the king's officers or ministers, or other indifferent persons, to do execution thereof. So help you God." zSG.z. c. 14. The justices at Midsummer sessions 1753, shall settle a table of their clerk's fees; which being approved by the justices at the next succeeding sessions, with such alterations as the justices there shall think proper, shall be laid before the judges at the next affixes, who shall confirm the same with such alterations, additions, or abatements, as to them shall appear just and reaionzble: and the sessions from time to time may make any other table of fees, and after the same shall have been approved by the next succeeding sessions, shall lay the lame before the judges at the next affixes, who may ratify the same in like manner: and no tabic of fees shall be valid, until confirmed by the judges. — And if after three months from the time thatfnch table shall be confirmed, any justice's clerk shall demand or take any other or greater fee than shall have been so confirmed, he shall forfeit zol. to him who shallfue in three

months____The said table of fees shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace, who shall cause true copies thereof to be kept constantly in a conspicuous part of the room where the sessions are held, on pain of rol.

27 G. z. c. 16. In Middlesex, the like table shall be confirmed by the two lords chief justices, and the lord chief baron or any two of them.

Dzl:. c. 173. Regularly, justices of the peace ought not to execute their office, in their own.case; but cause the offenders to be convened or carried before feme other justice, or desire the aid of some other justice being present.

Cn. Cir. 394. If a justice exceed his authority, in granting a warrant, yet

the officer must execute it, and is indemnified for so doing; but if it be a case wherein he hath no jurisdiction, or in a matter whereof he hath no cognizance, the officer ought not

to

Justices of the Peace. 193

to execute such warrant; so that the officer is bound to take notice of the authority and jurisdiction of the justice.

If the officer, in six days after demand, shall grant to the g.i. c. 44. party complaining a perusal and copy of the warrant, he shall not be liable to any action, but the justice only'.

In summary convictions, theparty ought to be heard, and, iSalk.iSu for that purpose, ought to be summoned in fa£l; and if the: justice proceed against a person without summoning him, it would be a misdemeanor in him, for which an information would lie.

In all cases where justices may hear and determine out of Dajt> f sections (viz. on their own view,- or confession, or oath of witnesses) the justices ought to make a record, in writing under their hands, of all the matters and proofs ; which record, nor-withstanding, in many cases they may keep by them. — And if, upon such conviction, the offender is to be fined to the king, then the justices are to estreat such fine, and to fend the estreat into the exchequer, whereby the barons of the exchequer may cause the said fine or forfeiture to be levied for the king's use.

Forasmuch as most of the business of a justice of the peace Dahc. 1-3. confiftech in the execution of divers statutes, which cannot bi ' sufficiently abridged, but that they will come short of the Tub* stance and body thereof, therefore it shall be safest for the justices to have an eye to the statutes at large, and thereby to take their further and better directions, for their whole proceedings.

A justice of the peace is strongly protected by the law, in the just execution of his office.

Thus, in the first place, he is not to be fiandcred or abused.

In-the next place, he is not punishable at the suit of the aa,». gs, party, but only at the suit of the king, for what he doth as judge, in matters which he hath power by law to hear and determine without the concurrence of any other; but in cases wherein he proceeds ministerially, rather than judicially, if he aft corruptly, he is liable to an action at the suit of the party, as well as to an information at the suit of the king.

in the next place, if any action shall be brought against a 7 J. c. 5. justice for any thing done by virtue of his office, he may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if he recover, he shall have double costs.

No writ shall be sued out against, or copyof any process, at c. 2. r. 44-the suit of a subject, shall be served on any justice, for any thing done by him in the execution of his office, until notice in writing shall have been given to him, or left at Jiis usual place of abode, by the attorney for the party, one month before thefuiijg out, orferving the same; containing the cause of action, and indorsedwith his name and place of abode; lor which he shall be entitled to a fee of zos. and no more —

And the justice may at any time, within one month after such C c notice.

Justices of the Peace.

notice, tender amends to the party complaining, or to his attorney; and if the same is cot accepted, he may plead such tender in bar to the action, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon issue joined, the jury shall find the amends tendered to hare been sufficient, they shall give a verdict for the defendant.

Ifajudice will not, on complaint to him made, execute his office, or shall misbehave in his office, the party grieved may-move the court of king's bench for an information, and afterwards may apply to the court of chancery to put him out of the commission.

Carried into Execution by Commissionen. Justices not, as such, concerned in it.

0 person shall be capable to act as commissioner in any county or riding at large, (the counties of Merioneth,

Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Monmouth, excepted) unless he be seized of lands, tenements, &c. which were taxed, or did pay, in the year next before, for the value of tool, a year of his own cilatc.

Rat this shall not extend to of being inhabitants of cities, boroughs, towns corporate, orcinqne ports, or the inns of court or chancery.

No attorney or fulicitor, or person practising as such, shall icl as commissioner, without having tool, a year as above — Nor shall any receiver-general, or collector of any aid granted to his majesty, aft as commissioner.

If there is not a sufficient number of qualified of within any city or place for which of are particularly appointed, the of of the county may aft therein.

No commissioner dial! aft, until he hath taken the oaths of ailegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, which shall be administered to him by tv. i or more of, on pain of aocl. to the king.

They shall meet at the most ufnal and common places of meeting, on or before April 30.

At which fird meeting. three or more shall be appointed for each division; but this shall not redrain any of

Land-Tax,

from

Land-Tax.

from a fling in any other part of the county; and they shall set down in writing, who, and what numbcrof the comuiissioners shall act in each division, and shall deliver a copy thereof to the receiver-general.

The of, at such first meeting, shall set down in writing the sums to be charged on each division, in proportion to the sums which were assessed thereon by the land-tax aft, in the fourth year of the reign of W. y. M.

Where the proportion upon any division shall exceed 4s, in the pound, two or more of may certify the same to the barons of the exchequer, who may order so much of the proportion, upon such division, to be abated as exceeds the full sum of 4s in the pound upon the estates therein.

At the same meeting, two or more of shall direct their several or joint precepts to such inhabitants, high constables, petty constables, and others, as they shall think most convenient, to be presentors and act'essors, requiring them to appear before the said of, at such time and place, not exceeding eight days after the date of such precept, as they shall appoint.

Hut no person in a city, borough, or town corporate, shall be compelled to be an assessor or collector out of the limits thereof.

An assessor not appearing, without lawful excuse to be made on the oath of two witnesses; or appearing, and refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the king, not more than 5I. nor less than 40s.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read, to the assessors, the several rates, duties, and charges, and declare how and in what manner they ought to make their assessments, and how to proceed in the execution of the act: viz. to charge all manors, lands, tenements, mines, quarries, Sic. iron mills, furnaces, &c. salt springs, salt works, alum mines, &c. parks, chaces, Sic. fishings, tytries, tolls, &c. with equality and indifference j dedufling rent charges and annuities^ out of such lands, where they amount to aos, per annum or snore.

The of shall assess the assessors.

Every person, whether he hath a certain place of residence or not, shall be rated for his personal eflnte, at the place where he is resident at the time of the execution of the act: and if he is out of the realm at the time of the assessment, he shall be rated at the place where he was last abiding in the realm.

All housholders shall, on demand of the assessors, give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as shall sojourn and lodge in their houses; on pain of 5I. to be recovered as the other penalties.

C c 2

In

ig6

Land-Tax.

In a city or town corporate, persans having their house in one parifit or ward, and goods in another, shall be assessed for the whole where they inhabit. Bnt if a person hath goods in any other county than where he is resident, or had his Iall rclidcncc, he may be assessed for such goods in the county where they are.

Members of parliament shall be assessed for their personal eirate, at their mansion-houses, or places where they most nfually reftde during the interval of parliament.

Officers shall pay for the profits of their offices or employments, where the office is executed, and not where the salary is payable; but all other pensions, (Upends, and annuities (not charged upon lands) shall be afieffed where they are payable.

By the 32 G. z. c. 33. relating to the duty upon offices, it is provided, that in all future assessments to the land-tax, such offices shall not be afieffed at an higher rate to the land-tax, than they were in the year 1758.

If a person, having two places of residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any personal estate, office, .or otherwise ; then on certificate of two of for the place of his last personal. residence, under hand and seal, of the sum charged upon him there, and on oath made of such certificate before a justice of the place where the certificate shall be made, the person so doubly charged shall be discharged elsewhere.

If any person, who ought to be taxed for his personal estate, shall, by changing his place of residence, or by any other fraud, escape from the taxation, and the same be proved before two of or one justice where such person resides, within one year after such tax made, he shall pay treble, to be levied on his lands and goods, on certificate thereof made into the exchequer by such justice or of.

Every person shall be affeiled for lands where they lie, and not elsewhere. — And such tax shall be paid by the tenant, who shall deduct it out of his rent: and if any difference shall arise between landlord and tenant, the of, or two of them, shall settle the same. — The tax on foreign ministers' houses shall be paid by the landlord.

Every papist, or reputed papist, being 18 years of age, and upwards, who shall not have taken the oaths of allegiance and fupremaev, as dircfled by 1 //'. c. 8. shall pay double; un-leis he take the said oaths, before two of, in ten days after the first meeting.

Also every person (whether papist or not) being 18 years old and upwards, and not having taken the said oaths, and upon summons under hand and seal of two of, refusing to take them, or r.eglcfting tp appear, shall pay double in like manner. '

But

Land-Tax.

But quakers refuting to take the oaths* shall not: pay double, if they shall make and subscribe the declaration.of fidelity in the act of I ffl. c. 18. ' -.

After the charge given, the comroiflioners shall appoint a day and place for the assessors to appear before them, and to bring in assessments in writing.

The affctlor, after he is appointed, neglecting or refuting to serve, or not appearing at the third meeting, without lawful e.xcufe, to be proved on oath of two witnesses, or not performing his duty, shall forfeit to the king any. sum not exceeding 40I. to be levied as the rates, and charged to the receiver-general.

The alfelTors shall deliver two duplicates of the assessment in writing, signed by them, to the of — And shall then also return the names of two or more able and sufficient persons, living within the places where they shall be chargeable respectively, to be collectors; for whom the parish or place shall be answerable.

Then three or more of shall flgn and seal two duplicates of the assessments, and deliver one of them to the collectors (whom they shall nominate and appoint) with warrant to the said collector to coiled the same. — And they: shall at the same time give.notice, at what time and place appeals may be heard and determined: which shall be at lead 30 days from the time of signing and sealing and delivering the duplicate to the collectors. , .

Every collector shall, within ten days after the receipt of the duplicates, cause public notice to be given in every parish church or chapel within his district, immediately after divine serviceon the Lord's day, of the time and place so appointed by the of for hearing and determining appeals: and shall also, on the same day, cause the like notices to be fixed in writing on the door of such church or chapel.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give notice thereof in writing to one or more assessors, that they may attend, if they think fit, tojuftify the assessment. — In case of any con-troversy which concerns any commissioner, such commissioner shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until it be determined ; on pain of any sum not exceeding zol. to be levied and paid as the other fines. — Appeals once heard and determined on the appeal-day shall be final.

The collectors shall make demand of the parties themselves if they can be found, or else at the place of their last abode, or upon the premises charged. — And if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay to the collector on demand, he may levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of the person so neglecting or refusing. — And the distress so taken, may be kept for four days, at the charges of the owner s and if not paid in four days, then the distress shall be appraised by two

inhabitants

198

Land-Tax.

inhabitants or other sufficient persons, and sold by the collector, returning the overplus immediately, (if any be) over and above the tax, and charge of taking and keeping the distress. — If any difference shall arise upon taking the distress, the same shall be determined and ended by two of.

If any person shall refafe or neglect to pay for ten days after demand, or shall convey his goods away, so that distress cannot be made, lie shall be committed (unless he is a peer) by warrant of two of to the common gaol, until payment of the money aflcffed, and of the charges for bringing in the same.

Arrears may be levied by the present of, in the same manner as the present tax. — And where lands or honfes are unoccupied, and no distress can be fonnd thereon, the collectors for the time being may dillrain at any time after; and shall distribute the money to those who contributed to make it of.

The collector shall pay the money received to the receiver-general or his deputy, quarterly; but shall not be obliged to travel above ten miles from his usual place of abode.

At every time and place appointed by the of for the collectors to pay the money to the receiver-general, he shall deliver a lilt of the money received by him, to such person as two or more of shall, under their hands, appoint ; on pain of forfeiting a sum not exceeding 20I. to be paid into the exchequer, as the fines on assessorsand collectors. The collectors shall have 3d. in the pound, for collecting and giving receipts, which they may detain out of the lait payment. — If the collector shall keep in his hands any part of the money by him collected, longer than the time limited, or shall pay any partof it to any other person than to the receiver-general, or his deputy, he shall forfeit 40I. — If any collector shall refuse or neglect to pay any sum by him received, and not pay the same as the act directs, two of may imprison him, and may seize all cllates to him belonging, or which shall come to his heirs, executors, oradminiltrators. Which said of may appoint a general meeting of the of, and shall give public notice therof at lead six days before: and the of, at such general meeting, may fell such cllates, or any part thereof, for payment.

' The of at any general meeting may summon collectors who have fraudulently converted land-tax money to their own use, and cause them to pay the same, to make up the deficiency if there is any in that place; and if there is ho deficiency, then to discharge so much of the proportion charged on such place, as that money doth amount to: and if such collector shall neglect or refuse so to pay, the of may imprison him, and seize and fell his estate for payment. — If through wilfulneii, neglect, mistake, or accident, the assess-

ment

m

Land-Tax.

ment shall not be paid to the receiver-general or his deputy, the same shall be re-act'efled upon such division. — If the receiver-general shall return any persons in arrear who have paid, he shall forfeit treble damages to the party, and double the sum unjustly certified, to the king. — No receiver shall return any place in arrear, after three years: but the same shall be a debt on him and his securities. — No receiver-general, or any of his agents, shall maintain an action against the hundred, on account of being robbed in carrying the money; unless they be together in company, and in number three at the leash. — The receiver-general, within 20 days after receipt, shall pay the money into the exchequer. — Which if he shall pay otherwise than into the exchequer, or not within the time limited; he shall forfeit jool. to him who shall sue.

The of on or before August 8, or in 20 days after (all appeals being first determined), shall cause to be delivered to the receiver-general, or his deputy, a schedule or duplicate in parchment under their hands and seals, containing the whole sum assessed upon each parish or place; and shall transmit a like schedule or duplicate into the king's remembrancer's office in the exchequer; for which the remembrancer, or his deputy, shall give a receipt gratis, on pain of tol. — The of shall distinguish and set down the grofsfum charged in any division for double taxes, thatit may be known how much the double taxes amount to in such division. — By the 18 G. 2. c. 18. which requires that noperson shall vote in the election of a knight of a shire, for any lands which have not been assessed to the land-tax for 12 calendar months next before, it is enacted, that the of, or three of them, shall sign and seal a duplicate of the copies of the assessments to be delivered to them by the assessors, after all appeals determined, and cause the same to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongst the records, and in-spefied by any person without fee.

The of clerks, for their trouble in writing the assessments, duplicates, and copies, and all warrants, orders, and instructions relating thereunto, shall have ifd. in the pound, to be paid by the receiver-general, according to the warrant of two of.

On the death or removal of the of clerks, such clerks so removed, or the executors or administrators of such clerk dying, shall, within one calendar month after notice in writing signed by three or more of, or a true copy thereof given or left at the usual place of abode of such person or persons, deliver up all books and papers to such person or persons as the said of shall by such notice appoint: on pain of 50I. with full cods; half to the receiver-general in aid of the land-tax, and half to him who shall sue.

If

200

3 I=JI.107. z Hszo. S9.

Vs':, f, 154. X Ei'S, 05.

/i

x Hra. 97.

Sff'. c.g.

Land-Tax.

If any assessor, collector, or other person, shall wilfully negletl or refuse to perform his duty, or shall be guilty of fraud or abuse, three or more of may fine him, not exceeding 40I. which shall not be taken off, but by a majority of the of who imposed it: to be levied by warrant of the said of, bydiftrefs andfale; in default of distress (if not a peer) to be committed toprisonbytwo of till payment. — And all fines shall be paid to the receiver-general, and paid by him into the exchequer, and shall be infected in the duplicates to be transmitted into the office of the king's remembrancer.

Larceny.

COMES from lalrcchtiua, latrocin)'* and by contraction, or rather abnfe, larceny.

Grand larceny is a felonious and fraudulent taking, and carrying away, by any person, of the mere personal goods of another, above the value of 12d.

A juliice of the peace, before whom an offender shall be brought for petty larceny out of sessions, may not punish the said offender by his discretion, and so let him go; but mult have him committed or bailed, to the intent he may come to his trial, as in cases of other felonies: and if upon his trial, the jury shall find the goods stolen to exceed tad. in value, the offender shall have judgment to die for the fault.

All petty larceny is felony, and consequently requires the vtotifclsaiiaJIj in an indictment for it; yet it is certain, that it is not pnoiffiable with the Iofs of life or lands, but only with the forfeiture of goods, and whipping, transportation, or other corporal punishment.

If the goods arc taken from a man's person, and if it is attended with putting him in fear, it is called robbery; if it is without putting him in fear, then it is called barely larceny from the person.

If it is done privily without his knowledge, by picking of ^ pockets, or otherwise, it is excluded from the benefit of clergy by the S El. <-.4. (that is, if the thing stolen be above the value of tad).

If it is done openly and avowedly before his face, it is within the benefit of clergy, except where it is committed in a dwelling house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, to the value of 40s. from which the benefit of clergy is taken away.

Every person that shall feloniously take away any goods, being in a dwelling house, any person being thereio, and put in fear, or shall rob any dwelling house in the day time, any person

Larceny. 201

person being therein; he, his comforters and abettors, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. \

Every person who shall be convicted. of feloniously taking El.«. 1$. away in the day time any money or goods of the value of $s,-from any dwelling house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, and used to and with the same, although no person be therein,' shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. '

This requires an actual breaking, and* not entering by the 1H- // 54J* doors being open, ' /

Every person that shall feloniously Heal any money, goods, 1* A-.fi- f- 7* or merchandizes, to the value of'40s. being in any dwelling house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, although: it be not broken open, nor any person be therein; shall be guilty-of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall be convicted of breaking any house 1 Ei. 6. c. 11. in the day time, any person being therein, and put in fear, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

But it requires not only an actual breaking, and putting in 1fl. // 54s-fear, bucalfo an entry with an intent to commit felony, and is so to be laid in the indictment.

Every person that shall, by night or by day, in any lhop, warehouse, .coach-house, or Itable, privately, and' feloniously Beal any goods, wares, or merchandizes, to the value of p. although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who mail apprehend any one guilty of break* 10 fi? it IK ingopen noufes in a.felonious manner; or of privately and feloniously Healing goods, wares, or merchandizes, of the value of ;s. in any lhop, warehouse, coach-house, or liable, though they be not broken open; and although no person be therein to be put in fear, and shall prosecute him to conviction, shall have a certificate without fee, under the hand of the judge, justice, or justices, before whorh such conviction shall be had, certifying such conviction, and within what parish or place the felony was committed, and also that such felon was discovered and taken, or discovered or taken, by the person so discovering or apprehending; which certificate may be divided into shares, if the judges think fit: and the said certificate may be once assigned over, and no more: and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall,. by virtue thereof, be discharged from all manner of parish and ward offices, within the parish or ward where the felony was committed.

And on tender of such certificate to the sheriff, and demand 5 An. c. 31. made, he shall pay to the person, so entitled, the sum of 40I. without fee. within one month after such tender and demand ; on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

And jf any watchman, or other person, be killed in Cn- fj. deavouring to apprehend'any such housebreaker, his execu-D d tors

202

Larceny.

5 An. c. 31.

5l?6£i.6.r. 9.

Zi C. x. c. 45.

3;r. c.9.

3 ifc.t.ji.

4 (7.ii.

*9 G- *< 3C-

tors or administrators- shall have a certificate delivered under the hand and leal of the judge, or of the two next justices, of such person being lb killed; .which certificate they shall, upon fuGcient proof before them made, give witbont fee.: whereupon such execator or administrator Stall be entitled to receive the like sum of 40I. in like manner.

And moreover, if any person being out of prison, shall commit any such housebreaking in the day time as aforesaid, and afterwards discover two or more the like offenders, so as they be convicted, he shall have the like reward and allowance of4ol. and also all other advantages which are given topersons who shall apprehend and convict any the like offenders; and shall also.have the king's pardon for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Persons found gitilty of robbing any person in any booth or tent, in any fair or market, the owner, his wife, children, or servants being within, shall suffer as felons without benefit of clergy.

All persons who shall feloniously Heal any goods, or merchandize of the value of 40s. upon any navigable river, or from off any : wharf or quay adjacent, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any person shall buy or receive any fiolen goods, knowing the same to be fiolen; he shall- be deemed an accessary after the fact, and suffer accordingly.

If any person shall buy or receive any fiolen goods, knowing them to be fiolen, or shall receive, harbour, or conceal any felons or. thieves, knowing them to be so, he shall be deemed accessary to the felony, and being convicted on the testimony of one witness, shall suffer death as a felon convict.

Persons convicted of receiving or buying fiolen goods knowing them to be fiolen, may be transported for l4ycars.

livery person who shall privately buy or receive any fiolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or lblder, by suffering any door, window, or (hatter to be left-open or unfastened, between sun-setting and fun-riiing, for that purpose; or shall buy or receive any of the same at any time in any dandcstine manner; shall, on conviction by due course of law, although the principal felon hath not been convicted, be transported for

14 years.

. And one justice, on complaint on oath by any credible person that there is cause to suspect that fiolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder, is concealed in any dwelling house, or other place, may, by his warrant, cause such place to be searched in the day time: and if any of the same, fnf-pedled to be fiolen, shall be.found therein,:jnay canfe the same, and the person in whose house or other, place the same shall be found, tobebroughtbefore two justices.

Larceny.

203

And if the person, fo" apprehended, shall not‘glve-an account to the satisfaction of such justices,ihow he1 camfe'by the same, he shall- be adjudged guilty of-a misdemeanor, >arid'(ha]l-;forfeit for the fir It: offence 40s; :for the" second 4!. and for every subsequent. offence 61.' in Which1 case,-two justices may cause the said materials to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers for.30 days, and may order- the saidchurchwardcns or overseers,-or one of them, in every parish within the bills t of mortality/ to insertan advertisement in some public paper; and elsewhere cause notice to be given by some public crier, and by fixing, on the church or chapel door, notice describing such materials, and where deposited: and: if any>person> can prove his property thereto, upon oath,k to the satisfaction of-such two julhees, they shall order restitution thereof, to the owner, after paying reasonable charges. And if at the end of the 30 days, no person shall prove his property thereto, the same shall be sold for the bed price that can reasonably be had ; and after deducting the charges, half of the money shall be given to the person apprehending, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or where the conviction shall be.' 1

And every person to whom any of the same shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered (there being reasonable cause to suspect that the same was llolen) shall apprehend, secure, and carry'before a justice (having it in'his k power so to do) the person so "bringing or offering1 the same; together With the said materials: and if it shall appear upon the oath of one person, notwithstanding he was concerned in Healing the same, to the satisfaction of two justices, that there was reasonable cause to suspect that the same was llolen, and that the person to whom the same was brought or offered did not (having it in his power so to do) apprehend; secure, and carry before a justice, the person who brought or offered the same; then the person to whom the same was brought or offered, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor; and shall forfeit for the first offence zos. for the second 40s. and for every subsequent offence 4I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the overseers, for the use of the poor where the offence was committed (if known), or otherwise, where thp conviction shall be. And if no sufficient distress shall be found, then to be committed to the common gaol or other prison for one month for the first offence, for the second, and every subsequent offence, till discharged by order of sessions.

The conviction to be on parchment, and to be certified to the next sessions, and there bled.

If any person who shall offer by way of pawn, pledge, ex. 30 C. i. 1. ;r, change, or sale, any goods, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of himself, or of the means by

Pdz

which

204

Larceny;

30 G. s. r. *1. which he became possessed thereof, it shall be lawful to seize and-detain such person, and the said goods, and to deliver him as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of the constable or other peace officer, who shall immediately convey such person and the said goods- before a justice ; and if such justice shall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause 'to suspect that the said goods were (lolea, cr illegally or dandef-tinely obtained, he may commit him to safe custody for any time not exceeding six days, in order to be farther examined: and if, upon either of the said examinations, it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that the said goods were ltolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, he shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be dealt with according to law. See Pawnbrokers.

Leather.

ALL forfeitures by the act of the 1 J. c. 22. not hereafter otherwise specially directed, shall be divided, one third to the king, one third to him that shall sue, and one third to the dty, town, or lord of the liberty. if. Any two justices near where the forfeiture? on the said act shall be incurred, or offence committed, may hear and determine the same; and issue warrants for levying the penalties, and cause the distress to be sold, if not redeemed in six days. And if either party is not satisfied with the judgment, he may appeal to the next sessions.

>s G. 1. r. 15. If any currier shall refuse to curry any leather brought or lent to him by any person dealing or working in leather, or shall neglect to curry the same in 16 days between Sept. 28, and March 25, and in Sdays in the remaining part of the year, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit any sum not exceeding 5I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the poor. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

6 G. 3. r. 19. jf any foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be

imported, the same shall be forfeited, and may be searched for and seized by any officer of the costoms or excise: and every person importing the same, or aiding therein, or being a vender or retailer of any kind of leather gloves or mitts, in whose possession any such foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be found ; or who shall sell or expose the same to sale ; or conceal the same with intent to prevent the forfeiture; shall, over and above the forfeiture of the said goods, and all interest he may have therein, forfeit also :ool. with double costs.

If

Leather;

Jf the seizure shall be out of the limits of th'e bills of-mortality, and not exceed-the value of-20I. two j ustices may hear and determine the said cause of seizure'of the'daid goods. — Half the produce, arising by the .fate,'to goto the king; and half to the officer who shall seize and; feciire the same. ' '<'

Jf hny person, in tvhofe pofi'ession such goods; shall be found (such person not importing or concealing" the-same), shall discover upon oath, before one justice, the person who fold the same to him, so as such vender- may be convicted; he shall be indemnified.

Le&urer.

LECTURERS in churches, unlicensed, and not conforming to the liturgy, shall be disabled, and ihallalfo suffer three months' imprisonment in the common gaol , and two justices (or the mayor in a town corporate) shall, upon certificate from the ordinary, commit them accordingly.

Lewdness.

UPON information- given to a constable, that a man and woman are in adultery or fornication, together, or that a man and woman of evil report are gone to a suspefited house together in the night, the officer may take company with him, and'ifhefind them so, he may carry , them before a justice, to find sureties for their good behaviour.

Libel.

A LIBEL is a malicious defamation of any person, expressed either in printing or writing, signs or pictures, to asperse the reputation of one thqt is alive, or the memory of one that is dead.

Licence for Spirituous Liquors.

FROM July 5, 1787, the following additional duties shal be paid on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, viz.

205 6(7.3. f. 19.

Id.

13 & 140.2. r.4.

2 Hew, 64.

ifitl. 6. 3.

27 C. 3-f* 30,)

20 6

Licence.

If the rent of the retailer's house, &c. be A j. ' under tjl. — — 28

If ijl. and nnder 20I. — — 2 16

If 20I. and under 25I. — — 3 4.

If 25I. and under 30I. — 3 12

If 30I. and under 40I. — — 4 o

If 40I. and under 50I. — — 4 " 8 >

If 50I. or upwards. — — 4 16 '

17 c. 3. c. 30. Every person who shall take out such licence, shall immediately pay down one eighth part of the money to be paid .for such licence, and shall, at the end of every six weeks, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another eighth part of the money, till the whole of the money for such licence shall be paid.

If any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and fcals of two or more of the commissioners of excile, or of such person or persons as they, or the major part of them, shall appoint; and the duties shall be paid at the chief office of excile in London ; but if not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and dillricts; and the said duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of excise within whose col-leflion such licence shall be granted: within the limits of the city of Edinbnrg'n, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland; or the major part of them, shall appoint; and the several duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; or if any such licence shall be taken out in Scotland without the said limits of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective colleSions and districts; and the several duties for the same shall be paid to the colleSor of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and such of of excise, or two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant such licences'to the persons who shall apply for the same, upon payment of one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for the same.

No person shall retail any diililled spirituous liquors or llrong waters, unless such person or persons shall take out a fresh licence ten days at leal! before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out such former licence: if any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, retail any diililled spiri-tuous liquors or llrong waters, without first taking out such licence, and renewing , the same yearly; or if default shall bp

Licence.

made in payment of any sum or Aims of money hereby directed to be. paid for any such licence, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 100I. V One licence shall be deemed sufficient for a partnership in one house, but no such licence shall authorise the; sale of liquors in any other house than the one. for which-it was granted.

The duties imposed by this act are to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively j and all the powers of any acts now in force, relating to the revenues of excise, are to extend to this act.

The penalties of this act are to be recovered as those by other laws of excise; and one moiety shall be paid to his majesty, and the other to the informer who shall sue' for the same.

The money arising from the duties here imposed is to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

Any action or suit against any person or persons, in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county.: and if a veraift shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue the action or prosecution, ,or j udgment shall be given again!! him ' or her, then such defendant shall have treble costs awarded against such plaintiff.

Linen Cloth.

ANY person, native or foreigner, may, without paying 15 c.

any thing, in any place privileged or unprivileged, corporate or not corporate, set up and exercise the occupation of making or whitening of thread; as also of (pinning, weaving, making, whitening, or bleaching any cloth made of hemp or flax only. — And all foreigners that shall ufeanythe trades aforesaid three years, shall (taking the oaths of allegiance and supremacy before two justices near unto their dwellings) enjoy all privileges as natural born subjects.

If any person shall do any act with any linen cloth, whereby' , ei. it shall be made worse, the said cloth shall be forfeited, and the offender punished by one month's imprisonment at the lead, and pay such lines as the justices shall assess. — And the judges of assize, and justices of the peace, or three of them,

(t may hear and determine the same in their sessions, by information, indictment, or upon the traverfc of any preferment or indictment found before them. — And if any person

shall

20gf:

3.C.30.

a. c. 15.

208

Linen Cloth.

jSia.ll seize any such deceitful linen doth, he shall, at the next feSons, or before two justices (t ^.) make due information of the offence and of the seizure, or else shall procure the offender to be indicted at the next sessions; and Stall also be bound by recognizance or obligation to pursue the same with cffed, and to pay the moiety of what he shall recover, to the sheriff or other accountant to the use of the king; and the other half Stall go to the informer or prosecutor. — And the justices, before whom the offence shall be tried, shall certify the same by estreat into the exchequer yearly at Michaelmas, as they do other estreats. rjff.s. c. 3c. If any person Stall affix counterfeit Samps on cloth, he

Still forfeit 5I. for each piece: and if any person Stall expose, or pack up for sale, any such linens, knowing them to be so damped, he shall forfeit the same, and also 5I. for each piece.

11< And one justice may convict the offender on the oath of one

witness, and may grant his warrant for distress and sale; and for want of Sufficient distress, on oath by the person executing the warrant, may commit him to gaol for six months, unless it be paid sooner: which penalty Stall go to the informer, deducing 2i. in the pound to be paid to the constable who Stall execute the warrant. iSG.e.r.sy. Whoever Stall steal any linen, callico, cotton, fustian, &c.

exposed to be whitened, bleached, &c. to the value of ten Stillings; or shall aid or hire any other to commit such offences ; or who Stall buy or receive such goods knowing them to be stolen, Stall be declared, on being lawfully convicted, guilty of felony, and shall suffer death. xS G. 2. c. 36. No person Stall wear any'cambrick or French lawn, on pain cfjl. to be paid to the informer, on conviction by oath of one witness before one justice; who Stall, on information on oath in six days after the offence is committed, summon the party, and on his appearance, or contempt, proceed to examine the matter, and on due proof thereof made, either by confeSion or oath of one witness, hear and determine' the same, and cause the penalty to be levied by distress. The party aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, giving six days notice.

U. . Bat if the wearer shall, on oath before a justice, discover

the feller, he Stall be discharged, and the feller only Stall be liable. :

Printed Linens, &c.

15 C. -yz. 7-. UPON oath made by any credible person or persons, "that he, Ote, or they have reason to suspect or believe that any

linens,

Linen Cloth* 209

linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly.made of cottonwool, wove in Great Britain, or British muslins, or fuftiansj velvets, velverets, dimities*.or other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, foreign muslins called coflaes, or other foreign muslins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for which a duty ought to have been-paid or charged by this act, are or shall be in the custody or possession of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons for the use or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for sale, without having thereupon such damps or Teals as are by this act required to denote the payment or. charging the said duties thereupon; the respective of of excise, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or any two justices of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time may issue their respective warrants or orders, authorizing and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the affiltance of a con liable, or other officer of the peace, in the day time, to search for the same, and to open doors, chests, &c. and to seize such linens, or stuffs described as above, and to bring them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be seized, and every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such commodities aforesaid, so found unstamped in the possession of such draper, trader or dealer, for sale, or other person for the use of such draper, trader or dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited.

All stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, commonly called or 14 G. j. c. 721 known by the name of calicoes, that have not three blue threads in eachfelvage, as directed by 14 G. 3. c. 72. shall be deemed to be foreign calicoes, and on their being printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, shall be stamped with the following words, viz. foreign calicoes for exportation; drapers,

Sec. having in their possession such foreign calicoes unstamped.

Sec. or stuffs called British manufactory, without the blue threads in the felvages, shall not only forfeit and lose the said goods, or the value thereof, but shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds for every piece of such goods found in their custody or possession.

Every piece of fluff shall be marked before it is printed, Sec. jj, in words at length, with the name and place of abode of the owner or printer, and also the name of the goods xVhich they are commonly called or known by, on pain of forfeiting the said goods, and the sum of ten pounds for every piece or remnant of such goods that shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except those that are dyed throughout of one colour only), without being so marked.

E e Linens,

210

Linen Cloth.

Linens, or stuffs, which are by this act made subject to a duty of one penny halfpenny per yard square, shall be marked at both ends with the name of the owner or printer, and quality of the goods, with the ready money price or value thereof, before the lame shall be presented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed ; and in case the owner is not the printer, he shall deliver a note to the printer, expressing the number of pieces, their quality and value as aforesaid, and the time when delivered to the printer; which note the said printer shall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the said linens and stuffs, before the same shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except those that are to be dyed throughout of one co-Ioeronly), on pain that every piece or remnant not so marked shall be forfeited, and the owner, or other person putting out cr fending such piece not so marked, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds : every printer, &c. being the owner, who lnail print, ftsin, paint, or dye, any of the said linens or stuffs, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour caly;, shall mark each piece or remnant, at both ends, with words ct length, containing his or her name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods, with the ready money price or value thereof; on pain to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect, and also the said linens and stuffs not so marked, which may be seized by any officer of excise; and in case such owner, or other person, so putting out or fending any such linens or stuffs to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, as aforesaid, if any such printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, shall mark any piece or remnant of such linens or Huffs at a price id's than the real value, or ready money price, every such piece cr remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge any frame-mark, to defraud his majesty of the duties, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

The provisions of this act shall extend to the duties imposed uponfilks, &c. of British manufactory, by to Ann. c. 19; 12 Akk. c. 9; and iq 0. 3. c. 72.

Two or more of of excise, or twoormore justices respectively, being satisfied that the duties imposed by this act have been charged thereupon, may order the collector of the duties by this act granted, to pay, out of the money in his hands arising by the said duties, unto such printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, or such owner, so much money as the duties paid upon the bleaching the same {luffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, amount unto ; and if the said collector Ciallnot have money fufRcient in his hands to pay the same,

Linen Cloth.

the of shall cause the same to be paid out of any monies arising by the said duties by this act granted.

Any person or persons who shall have paid all his majcGy's '+1 duties by this or any former act payable for any such linens, or Huffs, &c. wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, or foreign mullins, .or coffaes, printed, ltained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or any person or persons who shall buy or be lawfully intitled to any such commodities aforesaid, printed^ Gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, from t-he person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, may export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such commodities for which the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts; the person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities, giving twelve hours' notice in writing, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours' notice in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up, in order ro be exported, any such commodities, and of the time and place when and where he will pack up the same, to the officer or officers of excise; and such officer or officers shall take care to measure the said goods, and to fee that the seals or damps, denoting the payment of the duties upon such goods, and also the frame-marks upon the same, be taken off from both ends of every piece so intended to be exported, (except as hereinafter is excepted); and every such piece shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, who shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the commodities aforesaid so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such of to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing.

No linens, &c. shall be packed up for exportation, without /,/. the officers taking off the seals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties, together with the frame-mark ; and security shall be given for their exportation, in treble the value of the goods; and an oath shall be made that the duties have been paid, &c. and that the goods arc the same that arc described in the account sent by the officer, in whofcprci'ence they were packed, to the officer attending the shipping, which officer shall, within one month after the exportation, give to the exporter a certificate expressing the quantities and kinds of such goods so shipped, and that all the duties are paid for the same, and that security hath been given before the duping the same for the due exporting the same ; and such certificate being produced to the collector of the port where the ffime goods are exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback of all the duties before paid for such goods so exported; and if such collector Hi all not have money in his hands to pay the E e z same.

212

i*C 3.r.

2 LI. C. 2.

3 7- T*

J 7- -=

Linen Cloth.

same, then the respective of of excite in Great Britain are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon linens or stuffs printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, arising by this or either of the said former acts.

,2. All the monies anting by the duties by this act granted shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

All the powers, penalties, &c. contained in 12 C. 2. r. 24. or any other law relating to excise dudes, for coliefling and recovering the dudes thereby granted, shall be applied in executing this act.

All fines, penalues, and forfeitures, fefpefling the inlan4 dudes imposed by this act, shall be sued for in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; one moiety shall be to his majesty, and the other to him or them who shall discorer, in form, or sue for the same.

From August 1, 1785, the old dudes on all stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not printed, stained, or dyed in foreign parts, which shall be imported, shall cease.

If any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing by him or themdone in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter of thing done, zqd shall be laid in the properconnty.

Lord's Day.

ALL persons, not having a reasonable excuse, shall resort to their parish church or chapel (or to some congregation of religious worship allowed by the toleration aft) on every Sunday, on pain of punishment by the censures of the church, and of forfeiting is. to the poor for every offence. — To be levied by the churchwardens by distress, by warrant of one justice.

No shoemaker shall shew, to the intent to put to sale, any shoes, boots, fee. upon a Sunday, on pain of 3s. 41I. a pair, and the value thereof; to be recovered at the affixes sessions, orlect; one third to the king, one third to him who shall sue, and one third to the town or lord of the lect.

No carrier with any horse or hones, nor waggoamen with any waggon or waggons, nor carmen with any cart or carts, nor wainmen with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any cattle, shall by incmselves, or any other, travel on the Lord's day, on pain of cos. or if any butcher, by himself, or gny

other

Lord's Day. 213

other for him, with his privity'and consent, shall kill'or'fell any victuals bn the Lord's day, lie shall forfeitfisi 8d. The conviction to be in six months, before one julUce,vor mayor; on view, or confession, or oath of twowitnelfes; to 'be levied by the constable or churchwarden, by distress; or to be recovered in any court of record, in any city or town corporate, before the justices in sessions; to be applied to the use of the poor, except that the justice may reward the informer or prosecutor with part of the forfeiture, not exceeding one third part. This act continued in force one year; but was inforced as follows:

No drover, horse-courser, waggoner, butcher, higler, or jg Car, a. r. 7. any of their servants, shall travel, or come to his inn or lodging on the Lord's day, on pain of 20s. No tradesman, artificer, workman, labourer, or other person, shall do or exercise any worldly labour, business, or work of their ordinary calling on the Lord's day (except works of necessity and charity) on pain of every offender, above 14 years of age, forfeiting $s. No person shall publicly cry, shew forth, or expose to sale, any wares, merchandizes, fruit, herbs, goods, or chattels whatsoever, on the Lord's day, (except crying and felling of milk, before nine in the morning and after four in the afternoon; and except mackare), which may be fold bn Sundays, before or after divine service), on pain of forfeiting the same. No person shall use, employ, or travel on the Lord's day, with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge, (un-less allowed by a justice of the peace, on extraordinary occa- nfifnW'.f. lions; and except 40 watermen, who may ply on the Thames ~Ia on Sunday betwixt Vauxhall and Limehouse) on pain of 5s.

And-if any person offending in any of the premises, shall thereof be convicted in ten days after the offence, before one justice, on view, or confcftion, or oath of one witness, the justice shall give warrant to the constables or churchwardens, to seize the goods cried, shewed forth, or put to sale, and to fell the same; and to levy the other forfeitures by distress; to the use of the poor, except that the justice may, out of the same, reward the informer with anyfumnot exceeding one third part. And, for want of distress, the offender shall be set publicly in the (locks for two hours.

Fish carriages are exempted. a c. j. e. 15.

If any person shall, on a Sunday, take, kill, or destroy, 13 C. 3. r. So. or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine for taking, killing, or destroying, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor-game, heath-game,'or grouse; he shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit for the lirft offence, not exceeding 20I. nor less than 10I. — for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I. — for the third, and every other offence, 50I, to be recovered upon indictment at the sessions.

214

-9 c. i. c. 7.

Lords Day.

No person upon the Lord's day, shall serve or execute any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree (except in cases of treason, felony, or breach of the peace) but the service thereof shall be void; and the person serving the same lb all be as liable to answer damages to the party grieved, as if he had done the same without any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree.

U- No hundred shall be answerable for any robbery on the '

Lord's day: nevertheless the inhabitants shall make hue and cry after the offenders, as on any other day. s1C.3-t.49. Any house, &c. opened forpublicamufementordebate, on a Sunday, to which persons shall- be admitted by payment of money, or by tickets fold for money, shall be deemed a disorderly lionfe, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit 200I. for every such day that such house shall be used as aforesaid. — The president, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sura of -real, to such person as will sue for the same; and every servant or other person,- who shall deliver out, or receive money or tickets for admitting persons on the Lord's day, shall also forfeit the sum of 50I. to such person as shall sue for the same.

Any person advertising any public atnufement for the Lord's day, to which persons are to be admitted by money or tickets, and any person printing or publishing any such advertisement, shall respectively forfeit the sum of 50I. for every offence, either of the aforesaid forfeitures to be sued for by action of debt, within six calendar months.

Lunaticks.

17 C.;. r. 5. TT shall be lawful for two or more justices, where a lunatick X or raa(f person shall be found, by warrant directed to the constables, churchwardens, and overseers of the place, or same of them, to caafe such person to be apprehended, and kept safely locked up iu some secure place, within the county or precinct, as such justices shall, under their hands and leals, direct and appoint, and (if such justices find it necessary) to be there chained, if the settlement of such person shall be within such county or precinct. — And if such settlement shall no: be there, then such person shall be sent to his settlement by a vagrant pass (mutatis mutandis); and shall be locked up or chained by warrant of two justices of the county or precinct, to which such person is so sent, in manner aforesaid. y_/_ And the reasonable charges shall be paid (such charges be-

ing firil proved upon oath) by order of two justices, directing the churchwardens or overseers, where any goods, chattels, lands, or tenements of fnc'n person shall be, to seize and fell

so

Lunaticks. 215

so much of the goods and chattels, or receive so much of the annual rents of the iands, as is necessary to pay the same; and to account for what is so seized, /old, or received, to the next quarter-sessions: but if such person hath not an estate to satisfy the same, over and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his family, then such charges shall be paid by the parish, town, or place to which such person belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens or'overseers for that purpose.

Any person aggrieved, by any act of such justices out of sessions, may appeal to the next sessions, giving reasonable notice ; whose order therein shall be final.

No person, on pain of 500I. shall entertain or confine, in ,9 c. 3.1.13. any house kept for the reception of lunaticks, more than one lunatick at one time, without alicence to be granted yearly by the college of phvficians within London and Westminster and seven miles thereof, and within the county of Middlesex, and elsewhereby the justices in sessions.

Madder.

IF any person shall lteal and take away, or wilfully and ma- c. j, c. 33.

liciously pull up or destroy any madder roots, and shall be convicted thereof before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall, for the first offence, pay to the owner such farisfaction for damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint, and moreover shall pay down, upon conviction to the overseer for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceed-ingios. as to the justice shall feemmeet; andifhc shall not make such recompence, and also pay such sum to the use of the poor, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any space not exceeding one month, or may order him to be whipped by the constable or other officer, as to the said justice shall seem meet; and for the second offence, shall by such justice be committed to the house of correction for three months. Prosecution to be commenced within thirty days.

Maim.

IF any person shall maliciously cut oif or disable any limb or ti 23C. 3.

member of any subject, with intention to maim or disfigure <. 1. him, the person to offending shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy; but not to work corruption of blood.

Maintenance.

Maintenance,

216

MAINTENANCE (manulentre) is an unlawful taking.

in hand or upholding of quarrels or suits, to the disturbance or hindrance of common right.

No person shall take upon him to maintain quarrels, nor parties in the country, to the disturbance of the common law.

Embracery is a Species of Maintenance.

1 Bra. 259. ANY attempt whatsoever to corrupt, or influence, or in-ftruft a jury, or any way to incline them to be more favourable to the one iide than to the other, by money, promises, letters, threats, or persuasions, is a proper act of embracery.

32 B. 3. r.9. No person shall embrace any jurors on pain of rol. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue within a year.

31 Ed. 3.Jl. z. If any juror shall take any thing to give his verdict, both

he, and the embracer, shall forfeit ten times as much, half to the king, and half to him that shall foe.

1 Bra. 249.

1 ££3./. i.

(14*

Militia.

26^.3.0107. > I ''HE lieutenants of counties, appointed by his Majesty, X are required to call out the militia once in every year, and appoint deputies and oflicers, properly qualified, to train and discipline them. They shall certify to his Majesty the names and ranks of all such officers so appointed; and in case his Majesty shall, within fourteen days, signify his difappro-bation of any of the perlonsfo appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said lieutenants to grant a commission to any person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted to all Inch persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and the officers so appointed for the militia shall rank with the officers of such of his Majesty's forces as are liable to f.-rre out of Great Britain, as youngeftof their rank.

Three deputy lieutenants may aft, when the lieutenant is out of the kingdom.

No commiEoa of any officer in the militia, granted by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, shall be vacated by the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by

which

Militia* 217

which any such lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, wis dr were -6 G. 3.r. 107* appointed.

The lieutenant of the county shall have the chief command of the militia of his county, and appoint 20 deputies, if fb many properly qualified can be found within the county, &c.

;. e. having an cilate of 200I. per ann. or being heirs to 400I. per ann. then as many persons, so qualified, as can be found within such county, &c. shall be appointed to be deputy-lieutenants for the purposes of this act.

And every person to be appointed a colonel shall be possessed of an estate of 1000I. per annum, or shall be heir-apparent of a like estate of 2000I. per annum. A lieutenant-colonel shall have an estate of 600I. per annum, or be heir-apparent to 1200I. per annum. A major or captain shall be possessed of an estate of 200I. per annum, or be. heir-apparent to 400I. per annum, or the younger son of a person who has or had at his death 600I. per annum. Every lieutenant shall have an estate of 50I. per annum, or a personal estate of 1000I. or in real and personal estate be worth 2000I. or shall be Ion of fomd person possessed of an estate of tool, per annum, or worth at his death 2000I. in personal estate alone, or in real and personal estate together 3000I. Every ensign shall have an estate of 20I. per annum, or a personal estate of 500I. or in real and personal estate iooool. or lhatl be the son of a person having 50I. per annum, or icool. personal, or in real and personal estate together 1500I. one half of every such respective estate to be in the county in which they shall be appointed to serve.

Within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmoreland, and Rutland, and within every county and place in the dominion of Wales, the qualification shall be for a deputy lieutenant 1501. per annum, or an inheritance of 300I. per annum. A colonel 600I. per annum, or an inheritance of 1200I. per annum. A lieutenant colonel 400I. per annum, or be heir to Sool. per annum, A major or captain shall have 1501. per annum, or be heir so 300I. per annum.

A lieutenant shall have 30I. per annum, or a personal estate of 600I. or in real and personal estate together t2ool. or be heirto 60I. per annum, or to a person having 1200I. personal estate, or 2400I. in real and personal estate together. An ensign shall have 20I. per annum, or 300I. personal estate, or 600I. in real or personal estate together, or be heir to some person having an estate of 30I. per annum, or 600I. personal estate, or 1200I. in real and personal estate together: of all which respective cltates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and enligns), one muiety shall be situate within the counties ordivisions in which such officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

In the Hie.of Ely a deputy lieutenant shall have 1501. per annum, or be heir to 300I. per annum; a captain tool, per F f annum,

2l8

zz G. 3,

Militia.

10^ annum, or be heir to 200I. per annum, or the younger son of some person having 500I. per annum. A lieutenant 30I. per annum, or6col.in personal estate, or be heir to 60I. per annum, or to apersonal eliate of 1200I. An ensign 20I. or 300I. personal estate, or be heir to 30I. per annum, or to a personal eliate of 600I.: of all which ellates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns) one moiety shall be situate or arising within the said Isle of Ely, or some other part of the county of Cambridge.

In all cities and towns, which are counties within them-feives, the lieutenants of every such city or town, or, where there is no lieutenant, the chief magistrate shall appoint the deputy lieutenants within such city or town, and also officers of the militia, whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia-men which such city or town shall raise, as their quota towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is united ; and all provisions made by this act, with respect to counties, shall take place with respect to the said cities and towns, and the militia thereof; every deputy lieutenant in such cities and towns shall have i;ol. per annum, or 3000I. real and personal eliate together: and every field officer 300I. per annum, or 5000I. real and personal estate together:.a captain 1501. per annum, or 2500!. in real and personal eliate together: a lieutenant shall have 30I. per annum, or 750I. in personal eliate alone: an ensign 20I. per annum, or400I. personal eliate; one moiety to be situated within such city or town, or within the county to which such city or town is united.

Leases on lives of 300I. per annum, are to be deemed equal to a qualification, as herein-before specified, of icol. per annum, and so proportionally.

Estates granted for 20 years or more, of an annual value equal to the value of the estates herein required for qualifications, are to be deemed qualifications.

No commission superior to a lieutenant shall be granted.till the qualification is delivered in to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, who shall transmitto the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, a copy of such description ; and it shall be declared in the commission, that the officer to whom thecorn-mission is given hath delivered in his qualification.

All commissions already granted shall be void nnlcfs qualifications are delivered in before January 1, 1787, of which the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall forthwith transmit a true copy to the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants.

Qualifications, &c. are to be insertedin thcGazette; and lifts to be annually laid, by the secretary of Hate, before parliament. Deputy lieutenants, &c. are to take the oaths within six months after their appointment, at some general

quarter

Militia.

quarter sessions of the peace, or in one of his majeily's courts 26G. 3 of record at Weiiminller.

Persons ailing,' who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their qualifications, shall forfeit and pay the sum of tool, one moiety to the use of the person who shall sue for the same; the proof of his qualification to lie upon the person against whom the same is brought.

Peers, or their heir-apparent, may aft, though not possessed of the qualifications aforesaid.

The lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, with three or more deputy lieutenants, or, in his absence, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, at the end of every five years, in case the militia shall not be then embodied, discharge some one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and such a number of officers of each inferior rank, as shall be equal to the number of persons who shall have given notice, that they are willing to serve, so that the number of vacancies shall not exceed one third of such officers who shall have served for five years.

Inferior officers, if duly qualified, may serve in higher ranks. '

County lieutenants, and deputies, may appoint clerks for their meetings, or displace them if they think fit, and choose others in their room.

Thenumberof private men to be raised, by virtue of this act.

shall be as follows; (that is to say:)

For the county of Bedford, 400

For the county of Berks, 560

For the county of Bucks, 560

For the county of Cambridge, 480

For the county of Cheller, with the city and county of the city ofCheller, 560

For the county of Cornwall, 640

For the county of Cumbeiland, 320

For the county of Derby, 560

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, 1600

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of

Pool, 640

For the county of Durham, 400

For the county of Essex, 960

For the county of Gloceller, with the city and county of the city of Gloceller, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, 960

For the county of Hereford, 480

For the county of Hertford, 560

For the county of Huntingdon, 320

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, 960

F f z For

219 . c. 107.

220

Militia.

=5 C. 3. r. 107.

For (he county of Lancaster,

For the county of Leicester,

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln,

For the ooaoty of Middlesex, (exclusive of the tower division, commonly called the tower hamlets).

For the county of Monmouth,

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of Norwich,

For the county of Northampton, _

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed,

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham,

For the county of Oxford,

For the county of Rutland,

For the county of Salop,

For the county of Somerset,

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton,

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Lichfield,

For the county of Suffolk,

For the county of Surrey,

For the county of Sussex,

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry,

For the county of Westmorland,

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of Worcester,

For the county of Wilts,

For the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of -the city of York, ~

For the north riding of the said county,

And for the east riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingsfon upon Hull, -For the county of Anglesea,

For the cou ltv of Brecknock,

For the county of Cardigan,

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen,

For the count\ of Carnarvon,

For the county of Denbigh,

For the county of Flint,

For the county of Glamorgan,

For the county of Metioneth,

For the county of Montgomery,

800

j6o

1200

1600

240

960

640

560

480

560

120

640

840

960

560

960

800

800

640

240

560

800

1240

7?o

400

80

160

120

200

80

280

120

360

80

240

For

Militia. 221

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county"; ' j6 G. 3. c. i«7»

of the town of Haverfordwest,. . .160

And for the county of Radnor, jOito

-General meetings shall coniift of the lieutenant,'with two., deputy lieutenants, or, of three deputy lieutenants1;-.such general meeting to be holden upon the last Tuesday. before the 24th of October in every year; the lieutenant with any two deputy lieutenants, or, any three deputy lieutenants, may summon other general meetings, of which notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any weekly newspaper usually circulated in such county, &c. 14 days at the leaftbe-fore the days appointed for holding such meetingsrefpeflively; and . in case such meeting shall not be attended by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy licute-. nants; the lieutenant, or any one-deputy lieutenant; who shall attend at such meeting, shall and may adjourn the same !' and in case no deputy lieutenant shall attend at the time and place appointed for the'next meeting, then the clerk of the , general meetings, or his deputy, shall adjourn such meeting to any other time, to be holden at the same place;

The subdivision meetings shall consist of two deputy lieutenants at the lead; but where two deputy lieutenants do notate tend, any one deputy lieutenant, with any one justice of the peace of the county, &c. within which such subdivision lies, may do all acts, directed to be done by deputy lieutenants at their meetings ; which acts shall be valid.

The clerk shall-give notice of subdivision meetings to the deputy lieutenants, &c. and also to the commanding officers of the regiment, battalion, &c. if on actual service, or (if not on a final service) to the colonel thereof, or (in case of the absence of the colonel from Great Britain) to the next commanding officer within Great Britain, and shall fend an account of the several days fixed for receiving lifts, and for balloting and inrolling the militia men within such subdivision ; and shall, as soon as the militia men are inrolled, transmit to the colonel or commanding officer a list specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode, of all such militia men as are inrolled, and where there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of the persons in the room of whom they were inrolled as substitutes.

When a sufficient number do not attend, another meeting shall be appointed within 14 days, notice being given (ivedays at the lead previous to such meeting.

The (irft meetings of the deputy lieutenants shall be held as early after the 24th day of October in every year, as conveniently may be; and they may appoint asecond general meeting, and shall require the chief constable or other officer as aforesaid, to issue an order to all constables, &c. to return fair and true lifts of the names of all men within their respcflive parishes,

& c.

222 s6 C.j.

Militia.

. &c. between theages of 18 and 45 years, distinguishing their

resp'eclive ranks and occupations, and also which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as militia men. Copies of such lifts are to be affixed on the church door, on some Sunday morning, three days at the least before the said meeting, and also notice, at the bottom of the said lift, of the day and place of such meeting. Constables are to verify the returns upon oath.

Snbdivision meetings may amend.lifts, and make returns to the clerk of the general meetings.

General meetings may alter the appointed subdivisions.

Deputy lieutenants may appoint what number of men shall serve for each parish, &c. who are to be balloted for.

Persons chosen by ballot are to take the following oath:

1 A. B. do ftnctrclj promi/c and swear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George; and I do swear, that I am a protestant, and that 1 will faithfully feme in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time off me years for which 1 am in rolled, unless I fail be jioner discharged.

And every such person shall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and there pteparedfor that purpose) to serve in the militia, for the space of five years.

Persons cholen may find substitutes, who are then to be inrolled and sworn, if having not more than one child, and approved by the deputy lieutenants; and such substitute shall take the following oath:

1 A. B. do fncerely fromife andfwcar, that I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George; and I do swear that I am a proiefiant, and that I will faithfully feme in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same during the time offive years, or for such further lints as the militia fall remain embodied, if, within the space of file years, his Majesty fall order and direS the militia to be drawn cut and embodied, unless I fall be sooner discharged.

Any person chosen by ballot, for whom such substitute shall have been so inrolled and sworn, shall be exempt from service, as if he himself had served.

If the full number are not inrolled, a fresh ballot is to be taken.

One deputy lieutenant may administer the oath.

Persons chosen and not appearing (except quakers) shall farfeit 10I.

If the penalty be not paid, the person shall be compelled to serve, and at the expiration of five years shall be liable to serve again, or provide a substitute; and shall be subject to the same punishments, for absconding or deferring, .as if he had been duly sworn and inrolled as a militia man.

Persons

Militia.

Persons exempted from serving are Peers, officers in the 26 G. army, or in any cattle or fort, and private men in the army; commissioned officers serving, or having served four years in , the militia, members of both universities, clergymen, licensed teachers of any separate congregation, constables, &c. articled clerks, apprentices, seamen, men employed inhis Majesty's dock-yards, or persons employed in the Tower, at Woolwich warren, in the gun-wharfs atPortfmouth, or at his Majesty's powder mills, magazines, and other ltorehouses, persons free of the watermen's company, and poor persons having more than one child born in wedlock. No person who has served personally or by substitute shall be obliged to serve again till it comes to his turn; but a substitute, if chosen by ballot, shall be obliged to serve again, so as to make the choice of militia men by ballot within every subdivision as equal and impartial as possible.

Lifts for two places may be added together.

If any list shall be loft or destroyed, the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, shall cause-a new lift to be made and returned to them at their next subdivision meeting.

If any such constable, or other officers, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to the order or warrant of any two or more deputy lieutenants, or to comply with their orders and directions, or shall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect in his duty, the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are required to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for one month, or, at their discretion, to fine such person not exceeding 5I. nor less than

4°s.

Any person who shall endeavour to prevail on any chief constable, constable, or other officer, to make a false return of any list, or leave out of any such lift the name of any person who ought to be returned to serve as a militia man, shall, forever/ such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 50I. j and if any person shall refuse to tell his christian and surname, or shall falsely tell it, or shall refuse to tell the christian or surname of any man lodging within his or her house, or shall knowingly tell any false name, to any constable, or other officer authorized to demand the same, every such person shall forfeit the sum of tol.

Every person, chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, shall be liable to such ferrice, although he may have removed from the place where his name was inferred in the lift; every person liable to serve in the militia, having more than one place of residence, shall serve for the county, riding, or place where his name shall have been first inferred in such lift.

Where any parish shall lie in two or more counties, that parish shall be deemed belonging to the county wherein the church isfituate.

If

223. 3. r. 107.

224 Militia.

16 G.iar. If any person Hull be fraudulently bound apprentice, such

apprentice shall be liaoleto serve for the first vacancy, and the mailer shall forfeit lol.

Two deputy lieutenants may provide substitntes for quakers, and levy the expence by distress; for want of which, such quaker, being of ability to pay iol. shall be committed to the common gzol for three months, or until the expence of the fnbflitnte is paid.

J ullices may order payment of the cods of levying by distress, where quakers refafe to pay rates, made for the providing of volunteers, to the fom of ios. each, where there are only two; to the sum of js. where there are more.

Persons unfit to serve, when chosen, may be discharged by the deputy lieutenants.

Persons becoming unfit to serve, may be discharged by the commanding officer; which discharge mud be confirmed by two deputy lieutenants, before another man is ballotted for in his room.

Vacancies occasioned by death shall be filled up by a freth ballot.

Any two or more of the deputy lieutenants, at their several subdivision-meetings, shall ballot for militia men, in the room of t'nose whose terms of service will expire before the 20 th day of November then next ensuing the holding of such meetings, and shall, at a following'meeting, proceed to inroll the said ballotted men, or their lubdiiutes.

In case any persons making oath that he is not possessed of the clear value of 500I. shall be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, when it is drawn, or ordered out for actual service, and such person shall be sworn and inrolled, or shall provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who shall be sworn and in-roiled, the.churchwardens oroverfeersofthepoorlhall, onre-ceiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants, pay to every such person, so chosen by bailor, any sum 6f money, not exceeding one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer, where such person was so chosen, which said fnm of money shall be taken out of the poor's rate; any churchwarden oroverfeerof the poor refilling or neglecting to pay such money, upon demand, and the producing of such order, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 5I. one half to be paid to the person so chosen by ballot: if any man ebefen by ballot, and serving for himself, shall, within one month after his inrollment, be disapproved of, and discharged, such sum shall not be paid to the person so chosen by ballot, bat shall be paid to the next person chosen by ballot in his Itead ; and if any fnbllitute be disapproved and discharged, no such sum shall be paid to the man so chosen by ballot, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another substitute who shall be approved by the commanding officer.

Volunteers

Militia. 225

Volunteers may be raised with the confen't of the inhabitants', jc 0.3. 0107. taken at a vestry held after three day's notice, to serve on the same terms as substitutes 3 and a rate may be made for paying them bounties, not exceeding 61. each; to which rate all are bound to contribute, on pain of dill refs, except those who have served, or shall be then serving in the militia.

Any justice may determine disputes between servants enrolled as militia men, and their matters, respecting wages'; within three months from the time of their quitting the service; and may make such order ftjr the payment of so much wages to such servant in proportion to the feirvice he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in question do not ekceed the Aim of 20I. and in case of refusal for the spaccof 21" days, may ittue his warrant to levy the same bydiftrefs.

Every substitute, &c. who does not appear, if he do not re- ' turn the bounty, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding 20s. ac the discretion of the deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted; or be committed to the' common gaol or house of correction for the space of 14 days, or until the said sum shall be returned.

One justice may order the payment of bounty to substitutes and volunteers, according to act 20 G. $. c. i9.

When a regiment is out of its county, lifts of men willing to continue to serve, after the expiration of their term; shall be transmitted by the commanding officer.

Theinliftment of a militia man into the Handing army shall be void ; and any militia man ottering to inlist into his majesty's other forces, shall be imprisoned six months, and if actually inlitted, shall serve in fucft regiment, when dismissed from the militia: any officer, serjeant, or other person inlisting militia men; shall forfeit 20I. and any soldier ottering to serve as a ftibftitiite shall forfeit iol. .or be committed to the common gaol .or house of corlcftion, for any time not more than three months.

Any person ordering serjeants', &c. of the ihilitia to beat up for volunteers, shall forfeit iol. being convicted upon oath, before any justice of the peace; one moiety to the use of the informer: and any serjeant retiring to declare who gave him such.orders shall Be imprisoned for any time not exceeding three.Months'.

Rolls, ligned at subdivision-meetings shall be transmitted.to the clerk of the general meeting, within 14 days after every subdivision-meeting.

A Hate of the number of persons liable to serve, shall be transmitted annually by the lieutenant of the county, &c. to the privy council, who are to settle the number ofmen forcach county, place, &c. and transmit the numbers to the county lieutenants: if the number fixed oh be greater than the num-G g beb.

22o Militia.

;£ c. -. c. ic-. ber appointed to serve for any county, place, &c. the liedtc-nant for such county, &c< with two or more deputy lieutenants, or any three or more deputy lieutenants shall, at a general meeting, appoint what number of militia men shall serve for each hundred, or other division within such county, &c. and the additional number of militia men, to make up the whole number so fixed and settled, shall be provided or chosen in the same manner as other militia men are by this act to be provided or chosen ; and all the additional men, or their fub-llitutes, and also all volunteers, shall take the oath, and be inrolled, as is directed: where the number so fixed shall be his than the number of militia men appointed to serve for any county, or place, &c. so many militia men shall be discharged by ballot, as shall exceed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

The money arising by penalties incurred for refuting to serve in the militia, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied, by any two or more deputy lieutenants, in providing substitutes for the persons who shall have paid such penalties: if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the regiments, &c. in which such persons ought to have served, and be applied as part of the regimental stock.

Any lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or justice, is authorized to administer oaths to any witness or witnesses; and all other oaths may be administered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

Where the number of men is sufficient, the militia shall be formed into regiments, of not more than twelve, nor less than eight companies, of 80 private men to a company at the mod, and 60 private men at the lead; and the field officers shall be or.e colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and where the number of men shall be under eight, and not less than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers shall be one lieutenant colonel, and one major only; and where the number of men shall amount to any number under five, and not less than three compares, such militia shall be formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, or major, and no other field officer ; and in each regiment or battalion of militia there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company: every battalion of five companies, or upward, may have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants shall be appointed, in dead of one lieutenant and one ensign; and every regiment, confiding of eight companies, or upwards, may have one company of grenadiers, and one company of light infantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed, indcad of one lieutenant and one ensign.

Where

Militia. 227

Where the number of men shall not be sufficient to form a ~6c. 3-r. 107. regiment or battalion, the militia shall be formed into independent companies, each company to consist of So private men at the moil, and 60 at the least, with one captain, one lieute-. nant, and one enlign to each company ; and his Majesty, may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion or: battalions, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or.batcalion of militia, provided the number of companies, in any such regiment or battalion be not thereby made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is-herein-beforedirested to consist.

County lieutenants may aft and bear rank as colonels, though the bodies of men do not entitle their commanding officers to that rank.

The senior officer, residing in Great Britain, shall be inverted with the powers given to colonels, in the absence of the commanding officer from Great Britain, till his return Stall be notified to the clerk of the peace of the county. Sec. and by him transmitted to the officer next in command.

The rank of colonel may be given to lieutenant colonels commandant, after five years' service.

Where the numbers are not sufficient for a regiment, three persons may be appointed, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major; but with no higher pay, than if they were lieutenant colonel, major, and captain: where the number of men shall be sufficient to form four, but not sufficient to form fix companies, the lieutenant may appoint two persons, qualified as aforesaid, to serve, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major, but only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of captain; and where the number of men is not sufficient to form more than two companies, the eldcll captain shall rank as major, but shall only be entitled to the pay of captain.

Lieutenants may be appointed captain-lieutenants, where there are fix companies in the regiment.

Adjutants may be appointed from the army, or embodied militia, who shall preserve their rank in the army, and they may hold afubaltcrn's commission, though not qualified, and may have the brevet rank of captain, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of not less than fix companies, provided such adjutant has served five years in the rank of lieutenant; although such adjutant may n.ot have (he qualification required by this act for captains : but no adjutant, so appointed to the rank of captain, shall be entitled to rank above, or to command, any captain of a.company in the militia, nor dial), by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any

1 G g 3 greater

228 zS G. 3.

Militia.

mc;. greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

A paymaster may be appointed to a battalion of more than two companies, when it is not in actual service, but the money necessary for a less number, shall be paid to the commanding officer, by the receiver-general of the land tax.

No adjqtaQt, surgeon, quarter-matter, &c. Stall be appointed captain of a company, Sec. nor vice versa; but a battalion clerk may be appointed a captain-lieutenant.

No half pay officers, serving as subalterns, shall be deemed to forfeit their half pay; but such officers shall take the following oath:

I A. B.dofwear, that 1 had not, between the

any float or employment, cf prejit, civil or military, tender his majesty, befties my allowance of half pay as a reduced in late

regiment of save and except my pay as

lieutenant, cnsign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaster, quarter-masler, or Jurgeon, (as the case may be), for serving in a regiment of militia:

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other oath, be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

When the militia is not on aftnal service, there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every 30 men; and when drawn ont, there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every 20 men ; and when not in attual service, there shall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each Sank company of regiments or battalions confiding of fix or more companies ; and when the militia shall be drawn ont, there shall be an addition of one drummer to every company so drawn oat; and the daily pay of every such serjeant, corporal, and drummer, shall be to every serjeant 15. — to every corporal Sd. — and to every drummer 6d.; and such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be newcloathed, when not in actual service, once in two years. All serjeants and corporals shall take the following oath:

1 A. B. do jtneerefy promi/e and fvstar, that I viill be faithful, ar.d bear true allegiance to his majesty king George; and 1 dofwear that 1 am a protestant, and that 1 will faithfully serve as a serjeant, or eorpsral, (as the case shall be), in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged.

The colonel or commanding officer of every battalion confining of four or more companies, may appoint a serjeant-major out of the serjeants, and a drum-major out of the druhi-mers; and all serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as such, shall be compellable to serve until they shall be legally discharged.

No

Militia.

No publican shall be capable of serving as a serjeant, cor- s6 C. poral, or drummer, in the militia.

A surplus of 15 men, above the proportion of 30 to one corporal, shall entitle the battalion to an additional corporal, when not in actual service, for such surplus number of men;

Any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel, or commanding officer, (with the consent of the captain of the company) j and the captain (with the approbation of the commanding officer) may appoint any proper per-l'on in the room of every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who.

shall die, desert, or be discharged, all which serjeants and corporals, so appointed, shall take the like oath as is before required.

. The commanding officer of any regiment, &c. may retain any number of the drummers whonowarc employed, as lifers or musicians therein, over and above the number of one drummer per company, or may engage any additional number of drummers to act as fifers or musicians in their respective corps; and all such drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such corps as lifers or musicians, shall be deemed ns drummers of militia, to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject to the same orders and punishments, as other drummers of militia, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloathing as other drummers have, and no longer.

Serjeants of Chelsea hospital may receive their allowance therefrom, together with their pay.

Any person who shall have faithfully served as a serjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity, shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer, &c. be entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of ;d. per diem, if the said board should judge him deserving thereof: but no person who shall be appointed a serjeant in the militia, after the passing of this act, shall be entitled to such recom-pence, until he shall have served in the militia, orin the army and militia, for 20 years.

The militia shall be trained and exercised for 2S successive days annually, and amenable to the mutiny laws, so that no punishment shall extend to loss of life or limb.

Notice of the time and place of exercise shall be affixed on the church doors; and all militia men shall duly attend at such time and place, according to the notice.

Ten days prior to the annual exercise, lilts of the men inrolled shall be sent to the respective commanding officer, or to such person as he shall appoint to receive the same ; and a duplicate of such lilt shall also be transmitted to the adjutant of U'.ch regiment, &c.

; Fiom

229

3. c. 107.

23°

sSG. %

Militia.

..taj. From which lifts two thirds of the compl&e number shall be c'nofen by ballot, at the first meeting, for exercise.

The day after the ballot, the regiment, &c. shall be muf-tered.

Vacancies by death, or discharge, or by the expiration' of the timeof service, shall be filled npby ballot ac the first meeting. The men ballotted out of the roll are to be exercised, and the remainder discharged from attendance; but though discharged, they are liable to military law, while they remain where the regiment is assembled; and are to appear, on notice, at any subsequent place of exercise.

If any inrolled person, not chosen by ballot as aforesaid, shall offer himself as a volunteer to be trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer to accept such volunteer in the room of another person so ballotted, to be trained and exercised.

All mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magistrates, and officers of cities, towns, &c. and any one justice of the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town. &c. but no others, may quarter and billet the officers and private men serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called out to annual exercise, in inns. See. And all persons felling brandy, wine, &c. upon application made, are required to order and provide convenient lodging, in such houses, for the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

Militia men, falling sick on the march, are to be relieved by the parish officer, and the expence to be repaid by the county treasurer : such relief being ordered by any justice, mayor, or chief magistrate, and the parish officer's account allowed by him.

Justices may grant warrants for impressing carriages for the militia on its march; the sum of one shilling for every mile being paid to the chief constable or other officer for a waggon with five horses, and any wain with fix oxen, or with four oxen and two horses, and nine-pence per mile for any cart with four horser, and so in proportion, for which sums every chief constable, fee. is hereby required to give a receipt; and every person being ordered by the constable, &c. is hereby required to provide and furnife the same for one day's journey, and no more; ar.d if the expence exceed the rates of carriage, the surplus shall be paid by the treasurer of the county, out of the public (lock.

. When the militia is called out to annual exercise, the Hate thereof is to befent to the county lieutenant, by the commanding officer, within six months, on pain of forfeiting iool.

Militia men not appearing at, or absenting themselves during the annual exercise, and not taken up till after the exercise, shall forfeit aol. and if such penalty shall not be immediately

Militia.

diately paid, the justice of the peace before whom any such *6c, militiaman shall be convicted, shall commitfuch militiaman to the common gaol, without bail or mainprise,'for the space of six months, or tir.ri! lie shall have paid the said penalty.

Another man shall.bc ballotted for, if a deserter doesnot return in three;'".;. Uis j and if he shall at any time return or betaken, he shall, notwithstanding any person shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to serve in the same manner, and for the same term, as if no person had been so chosen in his room.

A substitute deserting is liable to serve his full term, whenever taken up, to be computed from the day on which he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other penalty or punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such oftjsnce by virtue of this act; and the commanding officer shall cause notice to be given to the clerk of the subdivision for which such person was inrolled, of the day on which he wqs apprehended, and the clerk shall make an entry of the name of such person, and also the time of his being so apprehended.

All mufccts delivered for the service of the militia shall be marked with the letter (M), and the name of the county, &c. to which they belong; and in case any militia man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good order to his captain, or to the person appointed to receive the same, every such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding three pounds; and if he shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty.

If any person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take ill exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, or accoutrements, belonging to any militia man, the person so offending shall pay for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; and if such offender shall not immediately pSy such penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the common gaol for the space of three months, or shall cause such offender to be publicly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

When any regiment, &c. of militia, shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under stoppages, not ex- -cccding 6d. per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, &c. and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such

militia

232 w 3.

Militia.

c. 107. miiida man's neglect : provided always, that he account for such iloppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid ont and paid for necessaries, &c. shall pay the sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the hands of the militia man to whom the same belongs, before he be dismissed from such training and exercise.

Every adjntant, lerjeant-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, and drummer of the militia, shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and it shall be lawful for the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direct the holding of courts-martial whenever such regiment or battalion shall be embodied for the purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any fcijeant-ma-jor, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, for any offence committed during the time such regiment or battalion was not embodied, but so that no punishment shall extend to the Iols of life or limb.

Any serjeant or corporal of the militia may, by sentence of a court-martial, be reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding 1 j months ; after which time, if not regularly reappointed, he shall be discharged from the service.

The arms belonging to every regiment, &c. when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient plac'e as the colonel, or commanding officer shall direct, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county, &c.

One third part of the fe'rjeants, corporals; and drummers, in every regiment, &c.' shall constantly be resident where the arms are kept, and shall be under the command of the adjutant; and in his absence the serjeant-majorj shall make a monthly return of the true (late of the serjeantsj corporals, and drummers of the regiment; &c. to the lieutenantof the county and the commanding officer; iii default of which he shall be fabjeft to such punishment as a court-martial shall adjudge : no serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall be absent from such city, town, or place, without a-fegular furlough from his colonel, or from the commanding officer; and every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who shall absent himself without such furlough, shall be liable to be apprehended as a deserter ; the adjutant shall never absent himself without leave; but whenever such adjutant shall be absent, with'leave, the serjeant-major, or feme serjeant, who shall be appointed, shall act.

If any militia man shall not join the regiment at the time of annual exercise, or shall desert, and shall not be apprehended before the expiration of the time appointed for such exercise, the commanding officer, adjutant, or serjeant-major, receiving ihforaation of the place where he shall reside; shall direct a

party

Militia. 233

party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers, toaffiftin ap- 26 G. 3. r.107. prehending, and in conveying him before some justice of the peace where such offender shall be .apprehendedand if, by confession, or the oath of any witness, or the knowlege of such justice, it Siall appear that such person is guilty of such offence, such offender shall be conveyed to the head quarters of the regiment or battalion of militia of the next county, in the way to that to which such offender belongs, and be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-major of such regiment or battalion, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regimeneof the next county, &c. and so on till such offender shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a justice of the peace, to be dealt with as this act directs in cases of militia men deferring orabfenting themselves from duty; such offender to be fublilted at the rate of 6d. per day, from the flock of the county, &c. to which such regiment belongs, for which subsistence such justice is hereby required to make an order upon the treasurer of the county.

If any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall desert from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, any headborough, constable, or other officer of the place where any such deserter shall be found, may cause him to be apprehended, and taken before any neighbouring judice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to examine such suspected person ; and if it shall appear that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice shall cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, or other public prison, near to which such deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain, until he shall be demanded by some person or per-. fons authorized to receive him; and shall transmic an account thereof to the clerk of the general meetings of the county, Sec. to which such deserter belongs; and the keeper of such gaol.

Sec. shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance, during the time he shall continue in his custody, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of his imprisonment.

The colonel, or commanding officer, of the regiment, shall fend an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the said prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named; and the serjeant Sec. to whom such deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, with a sufficient party under his command, shall convey such deserter to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment to which he belongs ; and such adjutant or fefjcant-major shall take such deserter before a justice of the peace of the county to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, house of corrcSion, or other public prison of such county, riding, or place, where he shall remain, without H h bail

234

25 G. i. c.

Militia.

r- bail or mainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied for annual exercise or for. afilual service; and a court-martial shall be held for the trial.of such deserter; and if such deserter shall be found guily, he shall be punished as such court-martial shall think (it, but not to the lots of life or limb

All gaolers shall receive into their custody such offender, for such time as they shall be required, when he is conveying to his regiment, not exceeding 24. hours, on pain of forfeiting 20s.

Serjeants employed in apprehending, See. deserters, shall be billetted as other soldiers employed in that service.

The juliice of the peace, before whom any deserter shall be convicted, mayiffue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment to which such deserter shall belong, or to the commanding officer, top2y, out of the (lock of such regiment or battalion, the sum of 20s. to the person who shall have apprehended such deserter.

If any person shall harbour, conceal, orafiillany deserter, knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall forfeit; for every such offence, the sum of 5I.

In ail cases of actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cases of rebellion or insurrection, it shall be lawful for his majesty, (the occasion being first communicated to parliament, if it shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting), to order and direct the lieutenants, &c. with all convenient Speed, to draw out and embody the militia within their respective counties, &c. or so many of them as his majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and to put the said forces under the command of such general ol&cers as his majesty Ik all be pleased to appoint; and the officers, &c. shall, from the time of their being drawn out as aforesaid, remain subject to the articles of war.

Neither the whole, nor any part of the militia directed by this act to be raised and maintained, shall, on any account, be carried, or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

When the militia is called out, his majeliy may and shall blue a proclamation for the meeting of parliament, within tp days.

When the militia is ordered to be called out, the county lieutenant, Sec. shall issue orders to the constables, or other onicers, of the fsveral pari files, &c. to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order { and if any militia man (not labouring under any infirmity) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man shall be liable to be apprehended, and punished as a deserter ; and if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia man when ordered

out

Militia.

OBtintoactual service, knowing him to be a militia man, every ;6 C. such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the lum of 5I.

No officer serving in the militia shall fit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or soldier serving in any of his majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in any of his majesty's other forces fit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the militia.

When any regiment shall be drawn out into actual service, the commanding officer may appoint an agent, and shall take security from such agent; and such commanding officer is hereby made liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen, from the said agent, or from himself, upon account of the pay, clothing, &c. of such regiment.

When the miiitia of any county , shall be ordered out into aflual service, the receiver-general of the land-tax shall pay to the captain or commanding officer, one guinea, for the use 6f every private militia man; and to every captain or commanding officer of a company, the sum of one guinea for every recruit; and the money so received, shall be laid out in the bellmanner fortherespective militiamen ; and every captain or commanding officer shall account to such militia man how the said film hath been applied, and shall pay the remainder (if any) to the said militia man.

If the term of service of any person foballotted, shall be prolonged, beyond the term of five years, the rccfiver-general of the land tax for the county, &c. shall forthwith pay to the captain, or commanding officer, andfoon, a guinea for every three years, to be laid out for the men to the bed advantage, and accounted for to every roan before he receives his discharge.

The militia, when embodied, shall be entitled to the same pay as the other forces; and non-commissioned officers, &c. maimed in service, shall be entitled to the benefit of Chcllca hospital.

When the militia shall be duly disembodied, the officers and private men shall be subject to the same orders only, as they were subject to before they were drawn out.

The powers, Stc. given to Northumberland, shall extend to Berwick upon Tweed, &c. and their militia shall join that of Northumberland.

The Governor of the Isle of Wight shall appoint the officers,

&c. for that militia, who are to be qualified like those for Wales.

And the militia of the said island shall be raised in the same manner as the militia of the county of Southampton, and be deemed a part of the militia of the said county ; but shall continue in the island, unless otherwise ordered by his mnjesty.

The conllablery of Craikc, in the county of Durham, shall be deemed part of the north riding of Yorkshire; part of Maker

235

i. c.107.

236

z6 C.3.

Militia.

r.107. shall be deemed part of the county of Cornwall; and Wokingham shall be deemed part of the county of Berks; and the towaflrip of Filey, part of the east riding of the county of York; and Threapwood, part of the county of Flint; and Saint Martin, in Stamford, shall be deemed partof.the county of Lincoln; and be subject to the authority of the lieutenants. Sec. of those counties.

The warden of the llanneries, in pursuance of his majesty's commiSon, shall array, assess, arm, mutter, and exercise the said tinners, as hath been heretofore used.

The several 'lieutenants comraifiioned for the militia of the city of London, shall continue to lift and levy the train bands as heretofore.

The con liable of the Tower may appoint deputy lieutenants. Sec. for the Tower hamlets, according to act ij and 14 Car. 2, c j;

Thc deputy lieutenants may aft when the lieutenant of the hamlets is out of the kingdom.

No commission, warrant, or appointment, granted to any deputy lieutenant of the said Tower hamlets, shall be vacated by the death or removal of the lieutenant.

The constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Totter hamlets, shall appoint a treasurer of the trophy money, for receiving and paying such monies as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the 15 & 14 Car. z, who shall yearly account, upon oath, to the said constable or lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, which accounts shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the said division or hamlets, at their next general or quarter fefGons; unlcfsby reason of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such accounts cannot be palfed under the hands and seals of four or more of such justices.

Ana no trophy money for afucceeding year shall be levied, till the account of the former year has been allowed.

The warden of the cinque ports. &c. mayaflas lieutenants. Sec. of counties may do, and shall keep up the usual number of soldiers in the said ports, &c. unless he or they find cause to lefien the same; and the militia of the said ports, Sec. shall remain separate from the militia of the several counties within which the said ports. Sec. arc situate; and may be called out notwithstanding the pay advanced may not have been rc-im-bursed.

Churchwardens and overseers in Kentand Suttex, may make returns of men liable to serve, &c. and may have the authority hereby granted toconstables in other places, and are subject to the same penalties for neglect of their duty.

From and after the last Tuesday in October next, his said majesty's lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or in his absence, any three or more deputy lieutenants of the counties of

Militia, ,237

Sussex and Kent, respectively, shall and may issue out his or 26 G 3. c.107, their orders to the chief constable of the several hundreds.

Certified returns of the militia to be annually sent to the clerks of the peace to be filed.

The lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, where the militia fiiallbe raised, shall, on or before the 25th ofDeccm-ber, in every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk'of the peace, of the militia in that year, and the time during which Inch militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such clerk of the peace shall deliver such certificate to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter session to be held next after the 25 th of December, in every year, on the day on which such session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the records of such session.- Where no such return is received, the same is to be certified by the clerk of the peace, and filed by him amongst the records of such session.

In every county and place where no such certificate shall be transmitted, the sum of 5I. shall be annually paid for, and in lieu of, every private militia man by this act directed to be raised within the same county or place; and the justices of the peace shall, and are hereby required, at their said general quarter session, to rate and assess the sum of 5I. per man, as aforesaid, upon every such cdunty or place, and upon every town, parish, &c. within such county, by such ways and means as are directed with respect to county rates, by 12 G. 2. or by any other act of parliament; no person who shall have served as an officer in any body of militia raised within this kingdom for the space of four years, or who shall be then serving, shall be liable to pay any part of such rate, provided such person shall have delivered a certificate of such service to the clerk of the peace, and also a roll or lilt of his tenants, and the places of their abode.

Where a certain number of militia men arc directed to be raised for any county, together with any city or town being a county ofitfclf, and the militia shall not be raised for such county and city, or town, the payment of ‘ the said sum of 5I. per man upon the whole number of militia men so directed to be raised, shall be divided between such county, and such city or town, in such proportion as the respective quotas paid to the land tax bear to each other, unless the apportionment of the number of such militia men shall actually have been made, in which case the said sum of 5I. per man shall be borne by such county, and by such city or town, in such proportions as the numbers of militia men, so apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such city or town, bear to each other.

Where there are no county rates, the assessment is to be raised as the poor's rates are.

In all cases where the militia shall not be raised within any city, town, or place, not rated to the county rate, the proportion

23B

l£ C.

Militia.

c._ tion of the said sum of 5I. per man, to be borne by such city,

' town, or place, shall be raised, levied, and collected within such city, town, or place, by a separate rate or assessment, as the rates for the relief of the poor are raised, and the churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall, from time to time, pay over the same to the treasurer of the county with which inch city, town, or place, shall be joined or united for the ourpose of railing the militia.

Where a town lies in two counties, the money assessed shall be paid to the treasurer of the county wherein the church (land;.

If the asseliinent fora place where there are no county rates, be not paid before the iftof June, it may be levied by the justices of the peace, who shall cause the same to be levied by dif. taels and sale of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every such parish and division, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners; and all such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall be reimbursed the money so levied on them respectively, by the same ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed, for the relief of the poor.

The treasurer for every county or place, who shall receive rhe said l'um of pi. per man, is hereby required to pay all the money he shall so receive to the receiver-general of the land tax for such ronnrv or place, within one calendar month after he shall receive the same; and when the whole sum directed to derailed in any county or place, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the land tax, such payment shall be a fell discharge and indemnification to such county or place for th-- failure or neglect in the railing and training of the militia i'er the year; and the receiver-general shall, within ten cay;, certify the receipt thereof to the treasury, and pay the money into the exchequer.

A salary may be allowed the receiver, not exceeding 2d. in tie round, for lo much money as he shall pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this act.

'I r.e treasurer of every county shall be allowed the sum of id. in rhe round upon the whole sum by him received and paid ; and aery high constable, tec. who shall act in the raising and ccllefting of the money, shall be allowed and paid by such tcc.uurer, the fun of id. in the pound of all such money, in the railing and collecting whereof they shall act as aforesaid, to he deducted out of the money received by him.

The clerk of the peace shall, within ip days next after the trciicr::! quarter session of the peace to be held next after the 25th of December yearly, transmit to the treasury, and also to the receiver-general of the land tax, a copy of every certificate received from the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, of such county or place; and where Inch certificate shall he

omitted

Militia.

omitted to be delivered, the clerk, of the peace shall certify 26 G. such omission to the treasury, &c. and that such clerk of the peace hath certified the same to the justices at the general quarter session, and required such justices to proceed according to the.directions of this act; and such clerk of the peace shall also certify what proceedings have been had at such general quarter session, where the militia shall not have beenraised; and in case such justices shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the money according to the directions of this act,' then the clerk of the peace of such county or place shall, within 14 days next after such session, certify to the solicitor of the trea-fnry such omission, neglect, or refusal, of such justices, and the names of the justices-who shall be present at such session ; and the solicitor of the treasury shall forthwith proceed to compel such justices to pay due obedience to this act, and to cause the said money to be raised, collected, and paid.

If the said sum of 5I. per man, shall not be levied and paid into the exchequer, the solicitor. of the treasury shall proceed to compel the levying and collecting of such money, and the payment thereof into the exchequer.

If any clerk of the peace shall refuse or neglect to transmit such certificates, lie shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of tool, and shall also forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of holding any ofliccof trull, civil or military, under the crown ; and if any receiver-general of the land tax, or other officer, shall wilfully omit, or neglect or refuse to act therein, every such receiver-general or trcal'urer, so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of 200I.; and every chief constable, 50I.; and every such petty constable, 20I.; and in case the solicitor of the treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against such justices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treasurers, or other ollicers aforesaid, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of 500I.

The provisions of aft 24 G. 2, c. 44, respecting justices, shall extend to all his majesty's lieutenants, and to all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, or any other act relating to the militia, in like manner, and as fully and effcftually as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their oflice.

The acceptance of a commission in the militia shall not va-cate the feat of any member returned to serve in parliament; and no person being an officer of the militia shall be compelled to serve the oflice of sheriff.

No officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be liable to any penalty, on account of his absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any election of a member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning from such election.

No

239

3. c. 107.

240

z6G.;. c.

Militia.

No serjeant, corporal, drummer, nor any private man, from the time of his inrollment, until he shall be regularly discharged from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer, or parish officer, or to perform any highway duty, commonly called statute-worb, or to serve in any of his majesty's sea forces.

Every person having served in the militia when drawn out into actual service, beinga married man, may set up and exercise any trade in any town or place within Great Britain ; and no such militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any such town or place, until he is become chargeable to the parish.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum of 20I. shall be recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record ; and all which shall not exceed the sum of zol. Ihzll, on proof, upon oath, of the olfence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand ; and for want of fuf-licient difirefs such justice is hereby required, in all -cases where no particular time of commitment is herein-before di-rested, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the money arising by all such lines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the clerks, or (where there are no clerks) to the commanding officers of the respective regiments, orother bodies of militia of the respective counties, &c. where such offences shall have been committed, and shall be made part of the public (lock of such regiments, or other bodies of militia.

No order or conviction made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

If any action shall be brought against any person or persons, for any tiling done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fast committed, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

All former acts of parliament relating to the militia of this kingdom (except only such acts as relate to the militia of the city of London, the militia of the Tower hamlets, and the

militia

Militia* 241

militia of the cinque ports, and the two ancient .tpwns, and 26 C. 3. c. 107. their members) shall be, from the 2-j.th of September, 17S6, and they are hereby repealed.

I>ut the repealing of the said acts shall not annul or in any wifeaffeft any commission of lieutenancy, or any other; commission already granted, by virtue of the said former acts 7 provided that no person shall act in the execution of this act, by virtue of any commission already granted, unless he is qualified as herein-before is directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a certificate, containing a specific description of his qualification, to the clerk of the peace, according to the directions of this act.

I,

Marine Forces.

MARINE forces* are those employed in his Majesty's fleet 27 G. 3. i.

and naval service, under the direction of the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain.

After March 25, 1787, during the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private man on shore, who shall mutiny or defect, &c. of lilt in any other regiment/ &c. or shall be found flecping on, or shall desert his poll, or hold'correspondeneff with the enemies of his majesty, or who shall ltrikc or disobey his superior officer shall suffer death, or such punishment as a' court martial shall inflict.

The lord high admiral, or of for executing that Office, may grant a commission for holding a general court-martial, &c. at any place or places on shore, in this realm', or in any other of his majesty's dominions.

Courts-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, &c.

Lords of the admiralty are impowered,' by this act, to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion, &c. and to constitute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences specified in such rules and articles, and inflict punishments, by sentence or judgement for the fanie, according to the true intent and' meaning of thi's aft.

Provided always, that no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb by the said rules or articles, within the kingdom of Great Britain, except for such crime or' crimes as is or arc expressed to be so punishable by this act.

N. B. This act Is In almost every particular the same with 18 G. 2. c. 1I. ind the several atls since that time.

Ii

No

242

JC.3- c-3-

Marine Forces.

No general court-martial shall confill oflefs than 13; and thepresident to be a field officer,-or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. Every such court-martial may administer oaths to witnesses.

The officers are to be sworn, as follows, before the court, and judge-advocate, or his deputy.

You shall welland truly try and determine, according to the evidence-.lic/i fr-etll be given in the matter now before you, between cur jo vercign lord the king's majesty and the prisoner to be tried. 5:0 help you God.

I A.B. do ficear, that I will duly adminijlerjujlice, according to an aS of parliament now in force, for the regulation of his inrjdty's marine forces while on Ihore, and according to the rule: and articles made in purfuar.ee of the said aS of parliament for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein re-Jpelively mentioned, without partiality, favour, or ajfeclion ; and if any doubt shall arise, (which is not explained by the fai.1 cel ef parliament, or the fold rules and articles), according to my tonjciesu, the best of my understanding, and the custom of war in like cases. And I further J'wear, that I will not divulge the sentence of the ccurt, until it shall he approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more of the commifjisners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain; neither will 1, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, difclcfe or diseover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness, by a court of justice, in a due cevrfc of law: So help me God.

After which, the judge-advocate is to be sworn, by the pre-fident, in the following words:

/ A. B. dofveear, that I will not, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, difclcfe or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof, as a witness, by a court of justice, in a due course of law: So help me God.

No sentence of death shall be given against any offender by any such general court-martial as aforesaid, unlessnine officers present shall concur therein ; and if there be more officers present than 13, then the judgement shall pass by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers present, and no proceeding or trial shall be had upon any offence but between the hours of eight o'clock in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

The party tried by any general court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial, upon demand thereof, (he or they pa.ing reasonably for the same), at any time not sooner than three months after such sentence.

Every judge-advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court-martial, is hereby required to transmit, with as

much

Marine Forces.

much expedition as time and place will admit, the proceedings -yC. and sentence of such court-martial to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being; which proceedings shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the office of the admiralty of Great Britain, that the persons intitled thereto may be enabled to obtain copies thereof.

No marine, cither officer or private man, being acquitted or convicted of any offence at.any such court-martial as aforesaid,

shall be liable to be tried a second time for the same offence; and no sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once.

If any officer or private man shall desert his majesty's service in any of his dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere, and shall escape or be brought into this realm, such officer or private man shall be tried for the same, as if the same offence had been committed within this realm.

Nothing in this act shall exempt any marine, either officer or private man, while on Ihore, from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

No person or persons, being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences, by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering.

If any marine officer, or private man, shall be accused of any crime punishable by the known laws of the land, such accused person shall be delivered over to the civil magistrate. — Officers refusing to deliver over such offenders, and being thereof convicted, before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fast is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be if jo faClo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office of employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

Fishtious names allowed by his majesty's order upon the multcr-rolls for the maintenance of officers' widows, are not to be construed a false mu Iter; but the paymaltcr is to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver.

Constables, and chief magistrates, are by this act required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men, in his majesty's service, in inns,-livery-llables, alc-houses, victualling.houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and all houses of persons felling brandy, Itrong I i 2 waters.

243

3. c. 3.

244 Marine Forces.

i-G. 3. r. 3. waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses, but in no diitillers or shopkeepers houses, or in any private houses, without the consent of the occupier.

if any marine officer shall take upon him to quarter private men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to any mayors, constables, or other civil officers, tending to deter and'discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty ; such marine officer shall, for every such offence, (being convicted beforeany two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses), be deemed and taken to be ipjs fa3o cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

If any pe.rfon shall find himself aggrieved, in that such con-liable, officer, or magistrate, (such chief officer or magistrate not being a justice of the peace), has quartered or billetted in his house a greater number of marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such marines are quartered; or if such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then, on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such di. vision, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have power to relieve such person, by ordering lo many of the said marines to be removed and quartered upon such other persons as they shall see caul'e ; and such other persons shall be obliged to receive such marines accordingly.

Marine officers and private men so quartered shall be furnished with diet and ftnall beer by the owners of the inns, livery stables, alelmufes, viflnalling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and other houses; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after mentioned, so be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer.

If any innholder shall be delirous to fumilh such non-cotn-miffon officers and private men with candles, vinegar, and salt, and with either small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such nOn-commission officers or private men the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, and shall fumilh and allow the same accordingly; in such case, the

nonT

Marine Forces. 245

non-commission officers and private men so quartered shall v/G. % . c. j. provide their own victuals; and the officer who shall receive the pay and subsistence of such non-commission officers and private men, shall pay the several sums herein-after mentioned out of the fu.bfiltence-money for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder, or other person, on whom such non-commission officers and private men are quartered.

If any marine officer shall take, or cause, or suffer to be taken, any money forexcufing the quartering of officers or private men, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall be cashiered,

The commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters, and the constables are required to billet the same accordingly ; provided the number is not increased by any such exchange.

Np pay mailer, or other officer or person whatsoever, shall make any deductions whatsoever, out of the pay of any marine, either officer or private man, other than the usual deductions for doathing, and twelve pence in the pound to be disposed of as his majesty shall think fit; and the one day's pay in the year for the use of the royal hospital atChelfea; and such other necessary deductions as shall, from time to time, be directed by the lords of the admiralty, under their hands.

Every officer or other person to whoiq it belongs to receive the pay or subsistenec-money for one or more particular company or companies of the said marine forces, shall give public notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered, within four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same, and shall pay the demands of such innkeepers and others, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed either to the officers or private men : provided the said accounts exceed not, for one marine commission officer under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem, one shilling; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each such horse or horses, for their hay and draw, per diem, six-pence; nor for one private man's diet and small beer, per diem, four- pence.

If the officers do not give notice of subsistence-money, and paying quarters, on complaint thereof by two witnesses at the next quarter-sessions, the paymaller shall satisfy them out of the arrears due to such officers, upon penalty that such pay-mailer or person shall forfeit their respective place or places of paymaster, or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: and in case of no arrears due, the pay-mailer may deduct out of the next subsistence-money the turns he shall pay, pursuant to the certificate of the said justices; and such officer or officers shall, for such their offence, or for

neglecting

246

-7$- i-r.;

' Marine Forces.

neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence-money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared iffi faSo cashiered.

On moving from quarters, the officer is to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper paymaster of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due.

Officers, &c. are to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the onion direct.

Justices of the peace shall order eonllables to provide carriages, with able men to drive the same, for the marine forces in their march; being duly required thereunto by the lords of the admiralty, by an order in writing under their hands. And in calc sufficient carriages cannot be provided within the division or precinct from, through, or near, which such marines are ordered to march; the next justice or justices shall, upon such order being brought or shewn to oneor more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant or warrants to the high eonllables, or petty eonllables, of such next county, division, or precinct, to make up such deficiency: the officer or officers, at the same time, to pay down in hand to the said constable, or petty constable, for the use of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, is. for every mile any waggon with five horses shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel; and 9d. for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for lei's carriages; for which respeffiive sums so received, the said constable, or petty constable, is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the lame: and such constable, or petty constable, shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective. liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly.

No marine officer shall force and constrain any waggon, or carriage, to travel more than one day's journey, but shall discharge the same in due time for their return home, and shall not fnffer any marine or servant, (except such as are sick), nor any woman, to ride in the waggon or carriage aforesaid ; nor shall force any constable or petty constable, by threats, to provide faddle horses for themselves or servants, nor shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants, or private men ; every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit ;I.; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county or riding, who are

Marine Forces. 24^

are to certify the same to the proper paymaller of his majesty's 27 c. 3.1. '3* marine forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid 5I. according to order and appointment under the hands and seals of such justices of the peace; and is also hereby impowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

If any high constable, or petty constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such warrant of the said justice or justices of the peace, for providing carriages; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable, or petty constable, to provide and furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same ; or any other person shall wilfully do any act or thing, whereby the execution of such warrant shall be hindered; every such person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed : and all such offences may be enquired of, and fully determined, by two of his majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed; who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and fate of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

The treasurer or treasurers of each county shall, without fee' or reward, pay unto the constable all and every reasonable sum or sums of money by him laid out for carriages, over and above what ought to have been paid by the marine officer requiring them, out of the county stock.

If the said public stock of the county or riding be not fufli-cient, the justices, in the general quarter sessions, shall have power to raise monies upon the respective counties or ridings, in such manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

No waggon or carriage, impressed by authority of this act, shall be liable.or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry above twenty hundred weight.

Carriages in Scotland shall be provided as was directed by the law in force in Scotland at the time of the union, with regard to the furnishing carriages for land forces.

If any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers, shall, at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants, of any officeror marine, in any such houses, against thcconfcntof the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the lords of of the admiralty, be iffi fade cashiered; and if a constable, tithingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved 20s. upon com-

248

*7 G. 3> f- 3

Marine Forces';

plaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace j to be levied, by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reasonable charges in taking the same.

Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game, the same as under the article Game. N. B. This clause was not in former act of 28 G. 2, c. 11.

Marines deferring are to be treated as deferring soldiers, (which article fee), except that the account is to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, instead of the secretary at war.

The reward for apprehending deserters is the same respecting a marine, as a soldier, which article fee.

The penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, &c. is the same as in the case of1foldiers. The continuance of this act is for one year.

Offences against former acts, respecting marine forces, may be enquired of and punished as under this act.

No person shall be liable to be tried orpunished for any offence committed against any of the said former acts, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial j except only for the offence of desertion.

No volunteer as a marine shall be liable to process, unless forfome criminal matter, or except fora real debt of the value of zol. of which an oath mu(t be made before a judge, and 9 memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. If any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, one or more judge or judges may examine into the same by the oath of the parties, orothefwife, and by warrant discharge such marine so arrested, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof that such marine so arrested was legally enlified as a marine, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act; and also may award to the party so complaining fuchcofts as he or they shall think reasonable.

Instead of an arrest for a marine's just debt, it shall be lawful for any plaintiff, upon notice (irft given in writing of the cause ofaction, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff to proceed therein, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid.

No marine, being arrested or confined fo# debt, in anypri-son, gaol, or other place, shall be intitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

Any constable, bedel, or other officer or person, who shall neglect or refuse, for the space of two hours, to quarter or billet

such

Marine Forces.

such officers or marines, whin thereunto required; provided zj G. sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forcesor shall take money to excuse any person from quartering : and auy victualler who shall refuse to receive marines so quartered or billetted, and shall be thereof convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness orwit-nesses, (which oath the said justice or justices is ‘and are hereby impowered to administer), shall forfeit, for every such offence; not more than jl. nor leis than .40s. to be levied by diilrefs and fate, by warrant to be directed to auy other condable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said penalty, when levied, shall be paid to the overseers of the poor, or to sortie one of them, for the use of the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed.

To prevent abuses in quartering, justices may order con-ilables to give an account of the number of officers and private men, and where quartered, that he or they may be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

Enlistine. — The same as in the case of soldiers, fee that article; except that the magistrate mull, in this case, not be an officer of marines; and that the fecund and third sections of the articles of war, for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required ; and every officer of marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof, upon oath by two witnesses, before a general court-martial, shall, for such offence, be forthwith calhicred, and be diiabled to hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his majeily's service.

Where a sufficient number of marine officers cannot be conveniently assembled, or in matters wherein any of his majeily's land forces may be interciled, officers of the land forces may be associated with the marine officers for the purpose of holding courts-martial; and proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were composed of marine officers only; and the officers Kk of

249

3. c. 3.

Marine Forces.

of the marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty king George the second, intituled,- an act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea.

Northern Borders.

THE justices of Northumberland and Cumberland, may make order in sessions, for charging the respective counties, for (ecuring the same against the mol's-troopers (that is, thieves and robbers, who after having committed offences in the borders, eicape through the tvailes and moifcs:) so as Northumberland be not charged above jooi. nor Cumberland above aool. a year. And they may appoint a commander, with 30 men in Northumberland, and 12 men in Cumberland, to search for, pursue, and apprehend offenders.

If any person against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice in England, for any offence against the laws of England, shall escape or go into Scotland; the (hcriff, or steward depute, orsubstitute, or any justice of the county or place where such person shall be, may indorse his name on the said warrant, to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him into the county or place in England (being adjacent to Scotland) in which the offence was committed, before a justice of such county or place, to be there dealt with according to law ; in case the offence was committed in the county not next adjacent to Scotland, then to convey him into any county of England adjacent to Scotland, before a justice there; who .'nail proceed, with regard to such perihn, by indorsing the warrant, as by the 24. G. 2. c. 53. in like manner as if the person had been apprehended in the said county.

And if any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the peace of See d..,..'., shall escape or go into England, any justice of the 1. -u:::y cr place where such person shall be, may indorse his : . ...- on the said warrant; to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him into the county or place in -Scotland (being adjacent

Northern Borders.

cent to England) where the offence was committed, to be' there dealt with according to law.

‘ And the expence of removing prisoners as aforesaid, shall be repaid to the person defraying the same, by the treasurer of the county in England, or by the sheriff, or lleward depute, or substitute, of the county in Scotland, in which the offence was committed; the amount of such expence being previously ascertained upon oath before two justices of such county, and allowed and signed by them.

Nuisance.

A COMMON nuisance seems to be, an offence against the public, either by doing a thing which tends to the annoyance of all the king's subjects, or by neglecting to do a thing which the common good requires.

Annoyances to the prejudice of particular persons, are not punishable by a public prosecution as common nuisances, but are left to be redrcffed by the private actions of the parties aggrieved by them.

If it is a public nuisance, the law hath provided an apt remedy, by presentment or indictment at the suit of the king, in the behalf of all his subjects.

Oaths.

IN all cases, where any penalty is directed to be levied, or distress to be made, by any act of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, it shall be lawful for any justice or justices, acting under the authority of such acts respectively, to administer an oath or oaths for the purpose of levying such penalties, or making such distresses.

The person accused shall not be examined upon oath, for by the common law no man is obliged to accuse himself: but it seemeth convenient, in cases of felony especially, that the information, which the julliccs do take against the prisoner, be upon oath; otherwise, upon the trial of the prisoner, such information taken by the justice shall not be read or delivered to the jury, nor given in evidence against the prisoner upon his trial.

The information of the prosecutor or witnesses ought to be upon oath, although the statute doth not mention an oath ; which information upon oath, being sworn on the trial to be K. k 2 truly

?51

13 G. 3. c. 31.

1 Ham. 197.

Id.

I hj!. 56.

15 C. 3 .r. 39.

Dali. r. 111.

1II. II. 5S6.

252 Oaths.

truly taken by the justice or his- clerk, may be given in evidence against the pnfbner, if the witnesses be dead or not able to travel.

Da'i. c. 65. Where one justice may punish offenders upon accusation or proof generally, it seemeth that this mull be by examination of witnesses; and though the statute doth not expressly set down that it shall be upon oath, yet it seemeth fit, that the justice do it upon oath: yea in all other cases, wheresoever any man is authorised to examine witnesses, such authority to examine flia.ll be taken and construed to be in such manner as the law requires, which is only by oath.

1 C./.e.r.ij- Twojustices may summon, by writing under hand and seal, any person whom they shall fuipedt to be dangerous or difaffefied to the government, to appear before them, at a certain day and time therein to be appointed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration: and if such person neglefls or refuses to appear, then on due proof made on oath of the summons having been served on such person, or left at his dwelling house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there, they shall certify the same to the next sessions, there to be recorded by the clerk of the peace. And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear and take the oaths at the said sessions (the name of such person being publicly read at the first meeting of the said sessions) then such person shall be esteemed and adjudged a popish recusant convict; and the same shall be thence certified by the clerk of the peace into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

Oaths. &c in the Court of Session at Chester.

21 C. 3. r.43. BV this act, the justices of the court of session for the county palatine of Chester may, by one or more commission or commissions under the seal of the said county palatine, impower personss to take affidavits in causes depending therein, in like manner as the justices of his majesty's courts of king's bench, &c. use to do; and also the prothonotary, or his officiating deputy, may take such affidavits, &c. which shall be filed in the cilice of the prothonotary of the said county, and shall be of the same force and effefl as affidavits taken in the said court now are: and all persons forftvearing themselves, in such affidavits, shall be liable to the same penalties as for false affidavits in open court.

No person appointed a commissioner as aforesaid, nor the said prothonotary, or his deputy, shall take any affidavit within one mile of the castle of Chester, during the time of holding the session for the said county.

The justices of the said court may, by their commission, im-jjower persons to take recognizances; and the fees to be paid

for

253

Oaths.

for commissions to take recognizanc.es shall be as follows: (to wit), the sum of zs. for the fiat or warrant; 7s. 6d. for disking out the commission, besides the king's duty and parchment; 4s. for the seal; 5s. for taking every such acknowledgement; and is. for the'{wearing the affidavit of the due taking thereof.

The justices of the said court may make rules for justifying bail by affidavits' before the of: but the power of prothonotary, or his deputy, to take recognizances, shall not be affected by this act.

If any person shall represent another in entering into special bail, he shall be adjudged a felon, and shall incur the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, of an act of 4 IV. M. intituled, an act for taking special bails, &c.

Office.

NO persons shall be elected to any office of magistracy, 13 C. s. 1.1.

place, or trust, relating to the government of cities, 5 G* corporations, boroughs, cinque ports, and other port towns, who shall not have received the sacrament of the Lordls supper according to the rites of the church of England, within one year next before such election: and every person so placed or elected, shall take the oaths of allegiance and fuprcmacy, at the same time that the oath of office is taken ; which shall be administered by those, who by charter or usage administer the oath of office ; and in default of such, by two justices of the corporation, if there be any such ; or otherwise by two justices of the county. And in default thereof every such election and placing' shall be void. — Which said justices abovementioned shall cause memorandums to be made of such oaths taken before them, and delivered once a year to the town clerk, or other register or clerk, who shall enter the same in their books.

But generally there is a clause of indemnification in some aft in almost every session of parliament, provided they qualify on or before a time in such act limited.

Every person who shall be admitted into any office, civil *sC. z. c.z. or military, or shall receive any pay by reason of any patent orgrant from the king, or shall have any command or place of trust in England or in the navy, or shall have any service or employment in the king's houffield; shall, within three months after his admission, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in some public church on the Lord's day, immediately after divine service and sermon. And in the court where he takes the oaths (as hereafter mentioned, which shall be within

Office.

six months after his admission) he shall first deliver a certificate of such his receiving the sacrament, under the hands of the minifier and churchwardens, and shall then make proof of the truth thereof by two witnesses on oath. And they shall also, when they take the said oaths, make and subscribe the declaration against transubfiaptiation. All which shall be enquired of, and put upon record in the respective courts.

And these, together with all ecclesiastical persons, heads and members of colleges, being of the foundation, or having any exhibition, of iS years of age; and all persons teaching pupils; schoolmasters and ulhers; preachers and teachers of separate congregations; high conilables, and pradifers of the law, shall, within six calendar months after such admission, take and subscribe the oafhs of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, in one of the courts at Westminster, or at the general or quarter fcEons of the place where he shall be or reside, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and no other; and during the time of taking thereof, all proceedings in the said court shall cease.

By the 31 G. c. 22, altered and explained by the 32 G, 2. e. 35, there are certain duties hid upon offices and pensions ; and so much of the fabrics of such offices, as ariseth from per-quintes, is directed to be under the management of the commissioners of the land tax.

By perquisites are meant such profits of offices and employments, as arise from fees established by cuilom or authority, and payable either by the crown, or the subjects, in consideration of business done in the conrle of executing such offices and employments.

Where the profits of such offices shall arile from perquisites due and payable in the coutfeof office, and not from salaries, fees, and wages paid by the crown, the same shall be under the management of the commissioners of the land tax, who shall ascertain, according to the valuation of such offices to the land tax, or otherwise- according to their bell judgment, the sum total of the perquisites arising from such office, distinct from the salary, fees, and wages thereof.

Pardon.

TT7HEN a pardon is pleaded by anyone for felony, the V V justices may, at their discretion, remand him to prison till he enter into recognizance, with two sureties for his good behaviour, for any time not exceeding seven years.

Parliament.

*5$

Parliament.

oath of qualification fora feat in parliament.'.by 9 An. c. 5.

X estate, may be administered upon reasonable reriueft made by the returning officer or two justices j who shall in three months certify the same into the chancery or king's bench'. —

But this- is not to extend to'the eldest son of a peer, or of any person qualified to serve as knight of a shire, rior to the members for either of the two universities.

No person shall be admitted to vote under the age of 21 76? 8 c, 25. years.

Every cleflor of a knight of the shire shall have land of tenement to the value of 40s. by the year at leall above reprizes. — And by the 10 H. 6. c. 2. the said 40s. a year shall be freehold.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without 18 G. 5. c. 18. having a freehold ellate in the county, of the clear yearly value of 40s. over and above all rents and charges payable out of the same, on penalty of 40k-No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without U. having been in the actual possession of the estate for which he votes, or in the receipt of the rents or profits thereof for his own use, above 12 calendar months; unless the same came to him bydefeent, marriage, marriage-settlement, devise, or promotion to a benefice or office.

The of of the land tax shall cause to be delivered. 20 <7. 3. <« 17. to each affcflbr, a printed form of an assessment, who shall make three duplicates of such assessments, and shall (at lead 14 days before delivering the assessment to the of) cause one of the said duplicates, or a fair copy thereof, to be lluck up upon the door of the church or chapel. And if the name of any owner entitled to vote shall not appear to be inferred in the assessment, he may, on giving notice in writing to one of the nfl'eH'ors, appeal to the said of, who shall amend the assessment as they shall see cause : and cause one of the duplicates so amended (after having been signed and fealedby the said of, or any three of them) to be returned to the assessors; who shall, within ten days', deliver the same to the chief constable, taking his'rccciptfor the same.

And the chief constable shall deliver upon oath such duplicate, without alteration, at the noxt'sessions, in open court, the firth day of the sessions, to the clerk of the pence, to be by him filed and kept amongst the records. — And if the act'cfibr shall not deliver such duplicate, so amended, to the chief constable; or if the chief constable shall neglect to deliver the same to the clerk of the peace, or wilfully alter the same; he shall forfeit

Parliament.

5I. and if not immediately paid, the justices at the Michaelmas sessions shall, by order of the court, ilTuea warrant of distress. — But if the chief constable shall make oath at such sessions, that such dnplicate was not delivered to him by the act'effor, the said fine shall be imposed upon such aiTeiTor or affeifors; and the justices shall, by order of court, issue a warrant of distress. — The said fines to be paid to the treasurer, and applied as part of the county dock.

And when any assessment shall not have been made by the aiTefiors and returned to the chief constable, and by him to the clerk of the peace; the justices in sessions, or any two justices out of iessions, may order such assessment forthwith to be made and returned in manner aforesaid.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the justices at the next sessions, giving ten days notice thereof to one of the of who signed the duplicate, and to one of the aiTefiors of the place where the cilate lies; and the sessions may award coils to either of the parties, and by their order or warrant levy the same by diilrefs.

If the said of, or the said justices in sessions, upon any appeal, shall insert the names of any persons who have been improperly omitted; such persons shall be deemed to be rated as effectually, as if the names of such persons had been originally inserted.

If any commissioner or officer employed in the cniloms, cx-cife, or ilamp duties, or any branch of them, or any salt-officer, or surveyor, collector, or manager of the window duties, or the mailers or mates of packets employed in carrying mails, shall vote at elections for knights of the shire, &c. while they hold, or within 12 calendar months after they shall have ceased to execute, any of these offices, such votes shall be null and void ; and every person offending against this nature, shall forfeit the sum of tool, one moiety to the informer, and the other to be paid into the hands of the treasurer of the county, to be applied by the justices, as they shall think fit, at the next general quarter sessions. But this act, and the penalties thereof, shall not extend to such persons as are of of the land tax, or to any person acting by their appointment in affeiling, collecting, or managing the land tax-, or any other rates and duties imposed by authority of parliament.

Before the returning officer shall proceed to the election, he shall, immediately after the reading of the writ, take and subscribe the following oath, to be administered by a justice of the peace or any three electors: 7A.B. do Jolcntnly swear, that I have net, direSlly cr ir.direSly, received any Jam or fume of er.eaey, office, place, cr employment, gratuity, or reward, or any hrj, till, cr note, or any promi/e of gratuity whatsoever,

either

Parliament. 257

lit forty myself, or any other person to my u/e or benefit or advantage, for making any return at the present eleSion of members to serve in parliament; and that I will return such person or persons asfihall, to thehefi of my judgment, appear to me to have the majority of legal votes. Which oath iha.ll be entered among!! the records of the sessions.

Partition*

IF the high sheriff cannot conveniently be present at the ex- 8£f<) JP. c. 31, ecution of any judgment in partition, in such case the under sheriff, in prefencf of two justices, may proceed to execution of the writ of partition.

Pawnbrokers.

lAWNBROKERS are allowed for their profit, viz. to take the following rate 17 <?. 3. t. 37i

For 5s. lent on a pledge. — id.

For 7s. 6d. lent on ditto. — i|d.

For 10s. lent on ditto; . — 2d.

For 12s. 6d. lent on ditto. — aid.

For 15s. lent on ditto. — 3d.

For 17s. 6d. lent on ditto. — 3|d-

For tl. lent on ditto. — 4<j.

And so on for any sum not exceeding 10I. to be paid for by the calendar month, including the current month, in manner above mentioned.'

Where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or pledge shall exceed zs. 6d. and not amount to 10I. the person lending the same may take, by way of profit, ^t and after the rate of 4d. and no more, for the loan of zos- by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

The party entitled to and applying for the redemption of goods pawned, .within thg space of seven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shall have been pledged, shall be at liberty to redeem the same, without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said seven days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed; but after the expiration of the said first seven days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, the party so applying shall be at liberty to redeem such goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar L1 month.

Pawnbrokers.

month, and the half of another, to the pawnbroker; after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration of the saidfecood calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole second month: and so on in every subsequent calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

All pawns shall be entered in books, if the lame shall exceed 5s. before the money is advanced, with the day of the month, and year when the sum was lent, and the name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning the same: where the money lent shall not exceed 5s. such entry shall be made within four hours next after the said goods shall have been pawned.

Pawnbrokers are to give a note describing things pawned, with the particulars of time, place of abode, and name of the party pawning, and the owner of the property so pawned.

Every such note, where the sum lent shall be less than 5s. shall be given gratis;

Where it is 5s. and less than 10s. — fd.

For 10s. and under 20s. — id.

For 20s. and under 5I. — 2d.

For $1. and upwards, — 4d.

Which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to re-deliver the goods, except as hereinafter is excepted.

If any person shall knowingly pawn, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chattels of any other person or persons, not being employed by the owner so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness, or by confession of the person charged with such offence, before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, or place where the offence shall be committed (which oath every such j uflice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit 20s. and also the full value of the goods so pawned, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices; and on non-payment forthwith, the justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party so convified to the house of correction, or some other public prison of the county, town, or place wherein the offender shall reside, or be convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour for the space of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid. If within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application

Pawnbrokers.

of the prosecutor or prosecutors, the perfort or persons so con- -7 g victed to be publicly whipped in the house of correction or prison, to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other public place of the county,- town', or place,-where the offence shall have been committed, as to such . justice or i j ullices shall seem proper. The forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making satisfaction to the party injured, and defraying the cods of the prosecution, as shall be judged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and colls, or if there shall be any overplus, after making satisfaction and paying colls, then such respective forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, shall be paid to the overseers for the use of the poor of such parish or place.

If any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such note, or fell any such note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged or altered, with intent to'defraud, ' every such person shall be punished as is herein-after mentioned; and any person to whom any note shall be uttered or offered, suspected to have been counterfeited, forged or altered, may seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, to convey such person or persons before some justice or justices of the peace for the county, or place wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, the said justice or justices shall commit the party or parties offending- to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

If any person or persons who shall offer any goods by way of pawn, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such goods or chattels, or shall give any false information as to whether such goods or chattels are his, her, or their own property or not; or if there shall be any reason to suspefl that such goods or chattels are llolen, or otherwise illegally obtained; or if any person or persons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, any person or persons, his, her, or their servants, to whom such goods shall be so offered, or with whom such goods arc in pledge, may seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or L1z chattels.

259

3* 37*

26o Pawnbrokers.

-7 C. 3. c.-j. chattels, and deliver loch person or persons immediately into the custody of a peace officer, to be conveyed, with the said goods or chattels so. offered, before some jufficeor joftices of the peace for the county, or place, wherein the offence shall be fnppoied to have been committed; and if such jufficeor joffices shall, upon examination, have cause to suspect that the said goods were stolen, or illegally obtained, or that the person or persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have any pretence or colour of right to redeem the same, fuchjnfficeor justices may commit such person or persons into safe custody for such reasonable time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subjefi, in order to be further examined: and if upon either of the said examinations it shall appear, to the fads faction of such justice, or justices, that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally obtained, or that the person offering or endeavouring to redeem the same hath not any pretence or colour of right so to do, the said justice or justices may commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence (kali authorize such commitment by any other law; and where it shall not authorize such commitment, then for any time not exceeding three, nor less than one calendar month, at the dilcredon of such justice or justices.

If the owner of any goods unlawfully pawned, shall make out, on oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or, being a quaker, by solemn affirmation, before any justice or justices of the peace within his or their jurisdiction, that such owner hath had his, or her goods unlawfully obtained, and that there is juff cause to suspefl that any person or persons within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices hath or have, knowingly and unlawfully, taken them to pawn, and shall make appear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, probable grounds for such suspicion, any justice or justices, within his or their jurisdiction. may issue a warrant for searching, in the day time, the house, warehouse, or other place, of any such person or persons, who shall be charged on oath or affirmation as suspected to have knowingly and unlawfully received or taken in pawn any such goods, without the privity of the owner.

If the occupier of any house, warehouse, or other place wherein any such goods shall, on oath or affirmation, be charged or suspected to be, shall refnfe to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer, by warrant from a justice of the peace in the division, to break open any such honfe, warehouse, or other place, in the day time, and to search, as he shall think lit, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful

damage;

Pawnbrokers.

damage; and no pawnbroker, or other person, shall oppose or hinder any such search; and if upon the search of the house, warehouse, or other place of any such fufpcfted person, any of the goods, so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, shall be found, and the property of the owner shall be made out, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, orifquakers, by solemn affirmation, or by the confeffiori of the person charged with any such offence, such justice or justices shall cause the goods so found, and unlawfully pawned, to be restored to the owner thereof.

If any goods shall be pawned for fccu ring any money lent' thereon, not exceeding 10I. including the profit thereof, and jf within one year after the pawning thereof, proof having been made on oath or affirmation by one credible witness, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to be given by this act, before any justice or justices, of the pawning or pledging of any such goods within the said space of one year, any such pawner who was the real owner of such goods, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person who lent, on the security of the goods pawned, his executors, administrators, orassigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table of rates by this act established, and-the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall thereupon, without Slewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, neglect orrefufe to deliver back the goods so pawned, for any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding the said principal sum of iol. to the person who borrowed the money thereon, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, then, on oath or affirmation thereof made by the pawner thereof, his or her executors, administrators, orassigns, or some other credible person, any justice of the peace for the county, or place, where the person who took such pawn, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower, his or her executors, &c. is hereby required to cause such person who took such pawn, or his, or her, or their executors, &c. within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine on oath, or affirmation, as the case may require, the parties theitiselves, and other credible person, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof, .shall be proved to have been made, (such principal money not exceeding the said sum of iol.) by the borrower, within the said space of one year after pledging the goods or chattels, then on payment of such principal money, and the profit due thereon, and in case the lender shall refuse to accept thereof,' on tender

made

262 Pawnbrokers.

17 C. 3-r. 37. made by the borrower before any such justice or jnlliccs, such justice or joftices shall, by order, direct the goods or chattels To pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner, or his or her executors, administrators, or alQgns; and if the person who shall have lent any (urn not exceeding 10I. shall neglect or refuse to deliver up, or make farisfaction for the goods proved to have been so pawned, any such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party so refuting to the honfe of correction, or feme other public prison of the county, &c. without bail, until he or she shall deliver up the goods so pawned, or make farisfaction for the value thereof.

Any person who shall produce any fu.ch note or memorandum as aforesaid, to the person or persons with whom the goods were pawned, as the owner thereof, or as authorized by the owner thereof, to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods, shall be deemed the real owner of such goods; and the pawnbroker shall, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to this act, deliver such goods to the person who shall produce the said note, and shall be indemnified for so doing, unless he or she shall have had previous notice not to deliver the same to the person or persons producing such note, or unless notice shall have been given that the goods pawned have been, or arc suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner thereof proceeds in manner herein-after directed for the redeeming of goods pledged, where such note hath been loll, mislaid, or fraudulently, obtained__In every such case, the pawnbroker shall, at the re-

quest of any person who shall represent himself or herself as the owner of the goods in pledge, deliver a copy of the note so loll, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, with the form of an affidavit, printed or written, or in part printed and in part written, on the said copy, for which copy and form of affidavit, in case the money lent shall not exceed 10s. the pawnbroker shall receive id.; and in case the money lent shall exceed 105. such fumasheis entitled to receive on giving the original note; and the person or persons having obtained such copy of the note and form of affidavit, shall prove his or her property in such goods, to the satisfaction of some justice of the peace for the county or place where the said goods shall have been pledged ; and shall also verify on oath, or affirmation, before some justice of the peace, the truth of the cir-cumllances mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, .such oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the justice before whom the same shall be made; whereupon the pawnbroker shall fuffier the person proving such property to the satisfaction. of such justice, on leaving such copy of the said note, and the said affidavit or affirmation, with the pawnbroker, to redeem such goods.

All

Pawnbrokers.

All goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged *7 G shall be deemed forfeited/ and may be fold, at the expiration of one whole year; and all goods so forfeited, oh which any fnm above' ios. and hot exceeding iol. shall have been lent,

shall be sold by public auction, but not otherwise, by the order of the person having the same in pawn, after the expiration of the said year; the name of the pawnbroker with whom, the said goods were in pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some public newspaper, two days at least before the firfb day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner of the goods, for every oifence, the sum of jl.; and all persons redeeming any goods which were pawned before the I ith of July, 1787, shall be permitted so to do upon the terms of, and according to the table of rates established by, the act, which was passed in the 24th year of the reign of his present majesty, and on ho other terms.

If any person entitled to redeem goods in pledge, shall, before the expiration of one year, give notice in writing to the person having the famein pledge, not to fell the same at the end of one year; such goods shall not be sold by the person having the same in pledge, until, the end of three months from the expiration of the said year; during which term of three months, the owner shall have liberty to redeem the same, upon the terms provided by this act.

Pawnbrokers shall enter in a book, under a penalty of iol. for neglect, a true and just account of the sale of all goods pawned for upwards of 10s. which shall be (old as aforesaid, expressing the day when, and the money for which, such goods were fold, with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by whom the same were fold ; and if any such goods shall be sold for more than the principal money and profit due thereon, the overplus shall be paid, on demand, to the persons by whom or on whose account such goods were pawned, or their executors, &c. in case such demand shall be made within three years after such sale, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being first deducted; the entry of every such sale to bein-fp tiled, on paying for such inspeition id.; and in case any person shall refuse to pay such overplus, upon demand, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the sum such goods shall originally have been pawned for, to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed.

No pawnbroker shall purchase goods whilst they arc in his custody, save and except at such public auflion as aforesaid; nor Dull any pawnbroker purchase, or receive or take any goods in pledge, of or from any person who shall appear to be under the age of 12 years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, or take in pawn, the note of any other pawnbroker;

263

3* c.37-

264

vjG.i-c. 3

Pawnbrokers.

broker; nor buy any goods or chattels in the course of hit ' trade or business, before the hour of eight o'clock in the forenoon, or after seven in the evening, throughout the year; nor take in goods by way of pawn before eight in the forenoon, or after nine in the evening, between Michaelmas-day and Lady-day; or before seven in the forenoon, or after ten in die evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday, and on the evenings preceding Good Friday and Christmas-day; nor shall any person or persons exercise or carry on the trade or business of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas-day.

Every pawnbroker shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the rate of profit allowed by this act, and also the various prices of the notes or memorandums to be given, and place the same in a conspicuous part or parts of the shop, so as to be visible to, and legible by, the persons pledging goods at such shop.

If any difference or dispute shall arise between persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker, every such difference or dispute, in case the original sum lent was under 405. shall be settled and determined by any justice of the peace acting for the county or place, who is hereby authorized and required, upon application, to hear and determine the same, which determination shall be final.

Every pawnbroker shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible characters, over the door of his or her shop or other place made use of for carrying on that business, his or her christian and fumame, and the word pawnirtitr following the same, upon pain of forfeiting 10I. for every place so made use of for the space of one week, without such name, &c. so painted or written, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the county or place, (which warrant such justices are hereby authorized and required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath or affirmation ; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering it shall be deducted, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed ; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justices are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than 14 days, unless the said penalty.

Pawnbrokers* 265

baity, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and fa- 27C.3. r-37-tisfied: ' '.

If any of the goods or chattels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the time allowed- by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions of this act, or have been embezzled, or have been rendered of less value than the same were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through; the default or neglect of the person to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, it shall be lawful to and for every such justice and justices, to allow a reasonable satisfaction to the owner of such goods ; and the sum so allowed shall be deducted out of the principal and profit: if the satisfaction to be allowed shall be equal to, or exceed the principal and profit, then the person to whom the lame were so pledged, his or her executors, &c. shall deliver the goods or chattels so pledged to the owner or owners thereof, without being paid any thing for principal or profit, and shall also pay such excess, if any, to the person or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of iol, to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

Any justice, upon complaint made to him, on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may summon the pawnbroker before him, to attend with any book or paper, which he or Die may or ought to have in his or her custody, relating to the same; and in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same, such pawnbroker shall forfeit iol.

Where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or. specific offence against any part of this act, the pawnbroker shall forfeit 5I.; and all- forfeitures incurred by any offence against this act, may be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed ; half to the party complaining, and half to the over-seers of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall have been committed. Provided information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve calendar months next after the offence committed.

The churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish where any offence shall be supposedto have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, on' having notice from a justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they are hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence so to be suggested by such justice, at the expence of the parish.

This act is not to extend to persons lending money at 5I. per sent, without further profit.

Justices are not to have any fees or gratuities for any proceedings whatsoever in pursuance of this act.

M m The

266 -7 G-3. c.

Pawnbrokers.

7- The provifaes of this act are to extend .toexecutors. See. of pawnbrokers, except that no such executor or administrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture out of his or her own estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his or her own aft or neglect.

Any person molested or prosecuted for any thing by him done in porfnance of this act, may plead the general issue ; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, such defendant shall have double costs.

' Any inhabitant of the parish, town, or place, in which any offence or offences shall be committed against this act, shall be admitted to give evidence, notwithstanding his Or her being an inhabitant of such parish, town, or place.

Form of conviction. — See the end of this work.

Such conviction to be transmitted to the next general or quarter session of the peace, to be filed and kept amongst the records; and in case any person so convicted shall appeal to the raid general or quarter session, the juliices are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the iorm aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal; and no certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this act.

If any person, convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgement of thejuilice or juliices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal to thejuf-rices at the next general or quarter session of the peace, and the execution of the said judgement shall in such case be suspended, the person lo convicted entering into a recognizance at the rime of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in doable the fnm which such person shall have been adjudged to forfeit, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter session, and to pay such colls as the said juliices in such session shall award on such occasion ; and the juliices in the said general or quarter session are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such colls as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party ; and if the judgement shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such colls as the juliices in the said general or quarter session shall award, for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment, shall fufier the rjfoeftive pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons flpeftively, who shall neglect to pay the respective sums or

forfeitures

Pawnbrokers.

forfeitures by this act to be paid by persons convicted by virtue c. of this act.

This act is to .continue andbein force for one year only from the first of June in the present year 1787; and shall be a public act ; and be judicially taken notice of as fitch by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever.

Perfumery.

FROM July 5, 1786, the following duties ate to be paid *6 G.

on the several wares and other articles herein-after mentioned:

Every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, containing any powders, paltes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, waters, walhes, tinftures, essences, liquors, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, commonly known by the name of sweet feents, odours, or perfumes; or by the name of cosmetics, which shall be vended or exposed to Talc in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other materials or ingredients, shall be charged with a (lamp duty according to the rates herein-after expressed; and also upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, containing any dentifrice, powders, tinftures, or other preparation or composition whatsoever for the teeth or gums; and upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet; box, pot, or other inclosure containing any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation or composition for the hair; and also upon every packet, or other inclosure, containing any hair-powder, which shall be vended or exposed to fate in Great Britain, the price whereof shall exceed 2s. for the pound weight, shall be charged a damp duty according to the rates- herein-after expressed:

For every packet, &c. of perfumes, under 8d.

value, _ - — id.

For every packet between 8d. and is. value, I jd.

For every packet between l s. and zs. 6d. value, 3d,

For every packet between 2s. 6d. and 5s. value, 6d.

For every packet of ;s. value, or upwards, is.

The said several duties aforesaid to be levied and paid upon each and every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, and upon each and every roll, cake, ball, or piece of such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall be vended or exposed to sale as aforesaid, according to the respective prices or values above rated.

And also, that for every packet of hair powder under zs. per pound, shall be charged a stamp duty of id. for each pound.

M m z Nothing

268 Perfumery,

iS C. 3. c. 45. Nothing contained in this act shall extend to drugs, &c.

liable to the dnties imposed by 25 G. 3, <. 75; nor to common soap unmixed with perfnmes.

Persons vending articles hereby taxed, are to pay is. annually for a licence.--- The several duties herein granted are

to be under the management of the commissioners of (lamps. — The of of (lamps, or persons authorized by them, are to grant licences for a year, from the 5th of July, 1786, to be renewed annually ten days before they expire.--- Persons felling articles liable to this duty, without a licence, forfeit 5I.

Every person vending or exp.ofing to sale any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, and licensed so to do by virtue of this act, shall, within the space of twenty days after such licence shall have been granted, canfe the words Licensed to deal in Perfumery, to be painted or written in large and legible characters, either over the door, or in some visible place in the front of his or her. house, (hop, or warehouse, at the respective places at which he or she shall vend or expose to sale any such articles as aforesaid; on pain, for neglect of so doing, of forfeiting 5I.

Unlicensed persons fixing such notice on their houses, forfeit zol.

Venders are to send to the of, or to the officers appointed (or that purpose, for stamped labels to palte on packets, &c. in such manner as .'the of shall direct.-

Persons felling packets, &e. without a. stamped wrapper, or with one of a wrong denomination, forfeit 5I. to be recovered and applied as hereiq-after is directed. '

It shall be lawful for any person who is a maker of hair powder, having duly made a true entry at any office of excise in Great Britain, as required by the several statutes in that case made and provided, to vend and fell to any person dealing in hair powder, and licensed in pursuance of this act,- and for such licensed person to buy for sale any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed the rate of .two- shillings for the pound ..eight, and packed in any calks, chelts, cases, bags', or other packages, each package whereof shall.contain 224. pounds cf such hair powder at the lead, without affixing, or being required to affix, to the same, any cover; wrapper, or iabel, marked or stamped according to the directions of this act.

Every fac'n maker of hair powder, as aforesaid, who shall vend or sell the same without (lamps, shall keep one or mote book or books, wherein he shall fairly enter in writing a true account of all such hair powder which shall be sold by him without (lamps, and the name of the person to whom the same v;as (b fold, and the particular days and times when the

Perfumery. 269

same was To fold ; which book and books any officer or officers *6 C. 3. c.49,. appointed by the said of, or any three of them, ,so.r that purpose, may, at all seasonable times, in the day-time, examine, and take any copy or copies of the same, or of such parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without mo-leflation, under the pain and penalty that every person offending in any of the particulars above mentioned shall, for every such offence, forfeit zol. to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is directed!

Persons felling wares, &c. subject to the aforesaid duties, with the same label a.second time, shall- forfeit 10I.

Also persons felling or buying labels to be used a second time, or buying or selling packets with such labels; forfeit toll 1 t:.

Five pounds per- cent, disconnt is. to be allowed, by the of, for prompt payment of the aforesaid duties.

Every person who shall vend or. 'expose to sale any such wares, or other articles ,as aforesaid, liable to the duties by this! aft imposed, before he shall obtain a licence to vend or expose to sale the famein.pursuance of this act, shall give notice in writing of the' iifual ihop, hoofe, or place, where he shall .vend or expose to, sale the same, or intends fotodo; which notice shall be given or fen t to the of of {lamps, or to their .officers next adjacent to the place where such wares or other articles are vended or exposed to sale; or intended io to be.; and,.the like notice .shall be givenor sent by every such person,. as .often as he shall change the places where such goods and" other articles are'by him fold, or intended to be sold; which notice shall contain the particular ihop, &c. and the particular room or apartment of the ihop,

&c. wherein the same are so vended or exposed to sale, or intended so to be, "upon pain that every person making default in.;giving notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay 5I. to be recovered and applied as herein.after is directed ; and all such wares, &c. subject to the duties hereby imposed, which shall be'kept ready.for,sale, or offered to sale, in any Ihop, &c. whereof notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid (except such wares, and other articles aforesaid, which arc particularly specified in a certain schedule to this act annexed; and which are hereby allowed to be kept for sale, and exposed to sale, in any such Ihop, &c. in bulk or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof,) shall be deemed to require a cover, wrapper, or label, marked and stamped as by this act is required, to be previously affixed thereon, in manner to be directed by the said of as aforesaid ; and it shall be lawful for any officer or officers, being thereunto authorized by the said of, to enter in the day time into any such ihop, &c. or any room or apartment

270 sSC. 3.£.

Perfumery.

ment whereof such notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and there to search and examine whether the said several wares, and other articles aforesaid, so kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, infnchshop, &c. have respectively a cover, wrapper, or label duly affixed thereto, or to the inclosures containing the same, according to thedirefiions of this act; and if such wares, &c. (except as herein excepted) shall be exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale, in any (hop, &c. without any cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, or with a cover, wrapper, or label oflefs value than by this act is directed, or with a cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto insufficiently, and contrary to the direfiions of the said of, it shall be iawfal for such officer and officers respectively, to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the said wares, &c. so exposed to sale,' or kept ready for sale, or to the respective inclosures thereof, a cover, wrapper, or label marked and damped as aforesaid, (to be supplied by the said officer or officers, if occasion shall require), in such manner as the said of shall from time to time direS; and if the owner or vender thereof, or the person having the care thereof, shall not upon demand pay and discharge to the said officer and officers all such sums of money as shall have become due and payable by him,'in respeffi of the damps upon the said covers, wrappers, orlabels so supplied as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay 5I. over and above the said duties, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed. ' "

Persons obstructing officers in the execution of their duty, forfeit zol.

In case any covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be damaged in affixing the same, upon such wares, tic. or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for use, it shall be lawful for-any person licensed in pursuance of this act, to bring such covers, wrap, pers, or labels, so marked and damped as aforesaid, together with the wares or other articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the of for managing the stamp duties, or to the head officer appointed by them, and on oath (or solemn affirmation, in case such licensed person shall be a quaker), thereof made by such licensed person, to the satisfaction of the said of or head officer so appointed (who are hereby authorized to administer such oath or solemn affirmation, and to examine into all circumstances relating to the damaging the same), that such covers, wrappers, orlabels, so defaced or rendered unfit for the purpose intended, have not been used for any other purpose; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought after the same have been fold; and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the same, except the money fird paid for such covers, wrappers, or labels; then, and in such case, the said of are hereby required, after destroying such defaced

covers,

Perfumery.

covers, wrappers, or labels, to deliver to such licensed person other covers, wrappers, or labels, of the same denomination or value, without demanding or taking, -for the same, any sum ofmoney or other consideration whatsoever.

Persons felling articles subject to the duties herein mentioned, in any place not specified by notice, forfeit jl.

Nothing in this id contained shall extend to the fate of any wares or other articles, by any licensed person as aforesaid, to any person in Great Britain for the purposes of exportation, where such wares and other articles so fold shall be, tana side and without fraud, exported to foreign parts; and that, in every such case, the person or persons felling the same for exportation do, within three days after the sale thereof, give noticein writing to the said of, or at the office of the distributor of (lamps next adjacent to the place where he or they shall respectivelyrelide, of all such wares or other articles aforesaid, which shall be so fold for exportation; which notice shall contain the quantities and denominations of all such wares or other articles aforesaid, and the name and names of the person or persons to whom the same are so fold, and the port from which the same are to be exported; and all such notices shall be filed by the said of, or their officers, to whom the same are given and sent as aforesaid; and a certificate thereof, containing the like quantities and denominations of the wares or other articles, and also the names, persons and places expressed in such notices respectively, shall, if required, be made out under the hands of the said of, or their officers aforesaid, and delivered gratis to the person or persons by whom such notices respectively were given or lent; and in all prosecutions of offenders for felling or buying any such articles contrary to the provisions of this act, every such certificate shall be legal evidence of notice, and of the quantities and denominations of the wares and other articles aforesaid expressed or contained therein.

Persons convicted of offences against this act, forfeit their licences; and for a renewal of such licence, after the first offence, shall give a bond for the penal sum of tool. — and for a renewal of such licence after a second offence, the bond shall be for double the sum specified in the preceding bond.

The aforesaid duties are to extend to all articles included in the schedule annexed.

Persons counterfeiting ltamps, or using (lamps knowing them to be. counterfeited, are guilty of felony.

Former powers relative to stamp duties are to extend to this act.

All pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the space of six calendar months from the time of any such penalty being incurred) in manner following; one moiety thereof to his majesty, and the

other

2 71

3- ^ 43-

272 Perfumery.

26 G. 3. r. zg. other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Ail pecuniary penalties imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall be sued for and recovered, with fall colls of suit, in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of lefOons, court of justiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

No informer shall be intitled to his share of penalties, who does not prosecute within the time limited.

It lba.ll be lawful for any justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any such information exhibited at any time within six calendar months after such offence shall have beer, committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine intG the matter of fast, and upon due proof thereof, either by the oath of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath he is hereby impowered to administer), to give judgement for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this 2ft is directed; which penalties shall be divided and distributed, one moiety to the informer who shall profeente for the same, and the other moiety (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being firil deducted), to his mtjetty; and to issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cznfe fa'.e to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where suficient goods cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, thereto remain for three months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid ; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by the judgement of such justice, then he may, upon giving security to the value of such penalty, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices at the next general quarter sessions for the county or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

Witnesses

Perfumery.

Witnesses neglecting to attend, forfeit 40 shillings.

For the form of conviction, fee the end of this work.

It shall be lawful for the said judice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen'any such penalties, so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the colls and charges; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

The several duties herein-before granted, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who shall keep a separate account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduced) into the exchequer, at such time and in manner as the duties now charged on damped vellum, &c. are directed to pe paid; and the said money, so paid into the exchequer, shall be carried to and'made part of the fund commonly called the sinking fund, and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is, orby law may be applicable unto.

His majesty's lharcs of penalties are to be paid to the said receiver, ana paid by Jiim' into the exchequer annually on August 13.

If any person shall, at any time, be fned or prosecuted for any thing' by him done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his defence; and if upon the trial a ver-dict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become non-suited, then such defendant shall have treble costs awarded to him against such plaintiff.

SCHEDULE FIRST

To which this act refers:

Containing the names of such articles as are subject to the duties by this act imposed.

Almonds, - - Powder of

Fade Soap

Wash Balls

Amber, - - Ed'ence of

Soap

Wash Balls

Balsam - for the Hair

Bears ... Grcafe N n

»6 0

Bergamotte,

274

Perfumery.

Bergamotte,

Bouquet,

' Camphire Cedar, Citrou, Civet,

' Cypress,

Ci there Cream,

Dentifrice,

so called

ElTenceof

Pomatums

WalB Balls

Water

so called

Essence of

Powder

Water

Pomatums

Walh Balls

ElTenceof

Essence of

so called

Essence of

Powder

so called

ElTenceof

Water

Sweet Cypress Powder Cyprian Odoriferous Powder Water

Cold, for the Face ' ‘Beautifying, for Ditto White Cream Walh Balls Marble Ditto lo called Spence's Ditto Rufpipi's Ditto Pearl Ditto Myrrh Ditto

Dew, - Olympian Naples

Filberts, - Oil of

Flowers, - Essence of

Hair Powder, - so called

Honey - - Water

Honeysuckles,] - Essence of Pomatums

Hyacinth, - 'ElTenceof

Jefiamine, - Essence of

Milk of Oil of Powder of Pomatums Syrup of Water.

Jonquil, - Essence of

Jonquil,

Perfumery.

Jonquil,. - .JWaterof

\:Pomatums Lavender, - -. Distilled Water

Ditto from the'Flowers'

Eflenceof

Volatile'dittb

Powder of Pomatums Walh Balls

Lemon; - Eflenceof

Lillies, - Carnation of

Milk of Powder of

Walh Balls

Lime, - Essence of

Marechalle, . - , so called'

Powder of

Duchesse

French

Pomatums . Water

Mignionette, - Eflenceof Millefleurs, - ' Eflenceof

‘" Powder of Pomatums Water . i .Essence of Powder of . . Eflenceof

- Eflenceof

- so called

' Essence of

Pomatums Powder ' Essence of .''.'Powder of Butter Pomatum Orange Flower, - Eflenceof

. Powder of

.' Pomatum

Paints,. . .. Rouge

' Blanche Vegetable Rouge ; Serviette Rouge Peach Kernels, . Powder .of

. Royal Tin£ture of

Peach Bldfloms, - Powder of

Pearl, - - - Eflenceof

Nn2 Pearl,

Musk, .

Myrrh,

Myrtle,

Oeillett,

Orange,

275

Perfumery.

Pearl, - - -- Powder of

Powder of Pearl of India . Water Paste, - Chinese

Spermaceti Pomatarns, - - Duchesse

French Flora Italian

Common, hard and soft Scented

Pomade de Nerole Pomade de Grade Royal Pomatum for the Face Sweet Storax Pomatum Powders, - - AlaReine

Aromatic Artois Bloom Devonshire Black Brown Grey fOnis Orleans Pink Red

Yellow '

Scented for the face Chinese Face Powder Royal Powder

Sangwine's powder for the teeth Shaving Powder Pulville, - - lo called.

Rhodium, - - lb called

Eflenceof

Roses, - Eflenceof

. Cream of Vegetable Cream of Milk of Odourof . Liquid Bloom of Powder of Pomatums

N. B. Sereral sttempts have been made to ievythe penalties of this afion Drogg'ih, felling this article prr/r, without aflampj but they have not fuc-cerded; nor indeed it it reasonable that they Ihonld; as it evidently appear!, that, baring been already fnbjedb to taxation as- a drug, it cannot again be taxable, till it is mixed withhair powder,

Savona

Savon, -Savonette, Soap, - Perfumery. 277 , - - Royal - - de Grade . ' - Alicant' ' ' Bath .. Cake Improved Jerusalem Joppa Italian Naples Perfumed Venice

Sweet Briar, - - Effenceof

Powder of

Tinctures, - for the Teeth

Thyme, Tuberose, Greenough's ditto < Rufpini's ditto - Effenceof - - Effenceof Pomatum Water

Violet, - - Effenceof Powder of Fargeon's Powder of Pomatums Water

Waih Balls, - - Circaflian

Chemical

Walhes, Italian Marble Queen's Marble Royal Cyprian - - Venetian Bloom. Turkish

Waters, - - Perfumed , . Carmes Cologne Italian Hair Water Miss in her Teens Suave

Wool, - Sans Pareille Vento's Italian Water ~ - China India Spanish.

SCHEDULE-

278

Perfumery.

SCHEDULE SECOND

To which this a & refers:

Containing the names of such articles, liable to the duties by this act imposed, which are-allowed to be kept for sale in balk, or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label, affixed thereto, nntU the time of actual sale thereof.

Almond Palle Almond Powder Bears Grease Cold Cream

Italian square hard Soap Naples soft Soap

Perfumedand coloured Hair Powder, above the Price of as. per Pound Weight Rouge in Pots Wash Balls of all Sorts.

Perjury and Subornation.

1 Hot. 171. T)ERJURY oy the common-law seemeth to be a wilful false

j/r/S. 164. X oath, by one, who being lawfully required to depose the truth in any judicial proceeding, swears absolutely, in a matter material to the point in queilion, whether he be believed or not.

1HOT.177. Subornation of perjury, by the common law, feemstobean

offence, in procuring a-man to take a-false oath> amounting topeijury, who actuallytaketh'fuchoath.

$EI. c. 9. As to subornation of- perjury, by the statute, every person who shall unlawfully and corruptly procure any witness to commit any wilful and corrupt-perjury, in any matter or cause depending in suit and variance, in chancery, or in any court of record; or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any witness, which Ih'all be' sworn to testify in firpituam rti mmuriam, shall forfeit 40I. half to the-king,- anddihlf to the party grieved, who shall fne for the same. And if he has not lands or goods worthy!;' he shall be imprisoned half a year, and Rand on the pillory one whole hour m some market town next adjoining to the place where the offence was committed, in open market there, or in the market-town itself where the

offence

Perjury and Subornation.

offence was committed. And he shall be disabled to be a witness in any court of record.

And as to perjury, if . any person either by subornation or otherwise, shall wilfully and, corruptly commit any wilful perjury, by his deposition in any of the courts before mentioned, or being examined ad ferfetuam rei memoriam, he shall forfeit 20I. in like manner, and' be imprisoned six months ; and if he has not goods worth 20I. he shall be set on the pillory in some market place within the shire, city, or borough, where the offence was commuted, by the sheriff or head officer respectively, and have both his ears nailed. And he shall be for ever disabled to bea'witness'in any court of record.

And the judge of the court where the perjury shall be, and the judges of assize, and justices of the peace in sessions, may esquire, hear, and' determine thereof, by inquisition, preferment, bill, or information, or otherwise.

Petition.

NO person shall solicit above 20 hands to any petition to the king, or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established by law in church or Hate, unless the matter thereof hath been consentedto by three or more justices of the county, or by the major part of the grand jury at the assizes or sessions; or if arising in London, by the lord mayor, aldermen, and common council; nor shall present any such petition accompanied by more than 10 persons, on pain of a sum not exceeding tool, and three months imprisonment, on conviction at the assizes or sessions in six months, and proved by two witnesses.

Pewter and other Metals.

THE mailer and wardens of the craft of pewterers, and where there are none such, the head and governors of the city or borough, may appoint searchers; and the justices at Michaelmas sessions shall appoint two persons, having experience therein, to search within the county : and of all unlawful pewter or brass which they shall find, half shall be to the king, and half to the searchers.

No person using the crafts of pewterer and brazier, shall fell or change any pewter or brass, at any place, but only in open fair or market, or in his own dwelling house, except he be

desired

279

SEl.i.g.

IJ.

I] C. 2. r. 5.

19 It. 7.r. 6.

IJ.

28o

Pewter and other Metals.

desired by the bnyer of such ware; on fain of iql. half to the king, and half to him who shall feizeor sue. ii G. 3. c. 65. Every pertbn who shall bay or1 receive any pewter pot, or other pewter, knowing the fame1 to be ftoleh, &c. shall;'on conviction, although the principal ‘ felon' has' not been convicted of Sealing the same, be transported as a felon for seven years, or-be detained in prison; and' therein' kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three years,-nor less than one year; and within that time (if such court shall think fitting) such offender' or offenders shall be once,' dr ‘oftdnerj but not more than three times, publicly whipped. :

PiUory and Tumbrel.

- uf.zig. OEEING the judgment to the pillory or tumbrel doth'make

ij the delinquent infamous, the justices of the peace should be well advised before they give judgment of any person to this punishment, unless they have good warrant for that judgment therein. Fine and imprisonment,. for offences fineable by them, is a fair and sure way. 1

Plague.

WHEN quarantine shall be appointed, the justices of the counties adjoining, or one of them, shall forthwith czufe watches to be kept by day and- night, in the moll proper and convenient places, within the several adjacent parishes; who shall not permit any person whatsoever to come on shore from, or go on board any ships under quarantine, exceptonly such as shall have the charge of seeing the quarantine duly performed, or such as shall be licensed by such person having charge of the quarantine.

And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchman, shall neglect his duty, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any person shall come on shore, or go aboard.any other ship, the persons appointed for seeing quarantine duly performed, may compel him to return and continue during the quarantine: and such person lo leaving such ship, and being thereof (after expiration of the quarantine) convicted by oath uf one witness, before onejuffice near, shall forfeit not exceeding aol. to be paid immediately to such justice, who may reward the informer thereout not exceeding a third part, and

pay

sG G. z. c.6.

Plague. 28 i

pay the remainder (charges deduced) to the poor of the.parish where the conviction shall be; and in default of payment, he may commit, him to the Jioufe of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month.-lYhen any part of Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey,. Jer- 16 G. i. c. 6. fey, Alderney, ..Sark, or Man,. France, Spain, Portugal, or the Low Countries shall be.infefied, the king, by proclamation, may prohibit all small boats and vessels under the burden of 20. tons,: from failing out of port, till security be first given by the mailer, to the satisfaction of the principal officer of the customs, or chief magistrate of the port, by bond to the king' with sureties, in the penalty of 300I. that he shall not go to or touch at any place mentioned in the proclamation; and that the mallet: and every mariner and passenger shall, during the time aforesaid, not go on board any other veil'd at sea; and that he shall hot permit any person to come on board such boat or vessel at sea; and shall not receive any goods out of any other vessel ; for which bond no fee shall betaken. 'And if such boat or vessel shall fail before such security given, the same, together with the tackle and furniture, shall be forfeited to the king; and the.,matter and every mariner therein, being thereof convicted, on his appearance or default, on oath of one witness, by one justice where the offender shall be found,

shall forfeit 20I, half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender shall be found, by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to prison for three months.

Whenever the king, with the advice and consent of parlia- u. ment, shall direct lazarets to be provided, for receiving of persons obliged to perform quarantine, or for airing of goods, it shall be lawful to erect the same, either in any waffe grounds or commons, or where there are not sufficient, in the several grounds of any person whatsoever, not being a honfe, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk, or avenue to a house, paying for-the same as shall be agreed on between the persons interested, and any two persons appointed by the king under his sign manual; and if they cannot agree, then the said two persons shall, 30 days before the sessions, give to the occupier a notice in writing, describing the quantity of ground, and purporting that the consideration for the same will be settled by a jury at such sessions. And the justices there, on proof of such notice, shall charge the jury which shall attend there (or some other jury to be then and there impanelled and returned by the sheriffi without fee) and cause them to be sworn, well and truly to assess the value of such grounds, to whom the parties may have their .challenges; and the verdict of the said jury. and the judgment of the justices thereupon, shall be conclusive, and finally bind all parties; and thereupon the king shall hold such grounds for fqch term as he shall judge O o necedary.

282

Plague.

ii C. 3. c. 57.

J J.

Ii.

i6C. 2.1.6.

V-

ti.

necessary, paying for the same such rent or other consideration as shall be so afiefled.

The lords of the treasury may contract for an absolute purchase of such land, melTaages, and tenements, to be vested in the crown nnalienably: and if the parties cannot agree, the price shall be settled at the sessions as aforesaid, on giving like notice to the owner.

The mayor, head officers, and justices of the peace of every city, borough, town-corporate, and places privileged, or any two of them, may assess every inhabitant, and all houses of habitation, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, forthereasonable relief of persons infested with the plague, or inhabiting in infested houses, and levy the same by warrantj and jf the party afiefled shall refuse to contribute, and the parties to whom the warrant is directed shall not find any goods to levy the same, then upon return thereof, they shall by warrant cause the person tobearrefled, and committed to gaol till he shall pay.

If the inhabitants of such place shall find themselves unable to relieve all such persons, or if the infection shall be in a town where there are no justices, or in a village or hamlet, then two justices of the county may afiefs the inhabitants of the county, within five miles of the place infested, at such weekly sums as they shall think fit, for the reasonable relief of persons infested; to be levied by their warrant by fate of goods, and in default thereof, by imprisonment as aforesaid.

After quarantine performed, and on proof thereof by the oaths of the mailer and two other persons of the ship, or by the oaths of two credible witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of that or the next port, or their deputies, or a justice near, and that the vefiei and every such person are free from infeflion; and after producing a certificate thereof signed by the chief officer who superintended the quarantine ; such officer of the culloms, together with the said justice, shall give a certificate thereof (gratis), and thereupon the velfeland every such person shall be liable to no farther reliraint.

All goous liable to quarantine shall be opened and aired, as by fuen orders shall be directed; and after such order hath been complied with, and a certificate thereof given by the chief officer appointed to superintend the quarantine and airing ef such goods, and proof made thereof by the oaths of two witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of the next port, or any of their deputies, or any justice living near; on certificate and return of such proof by such custom-house officer to the of of the cultotns, they, or two of them, by their order shall discharge the same.

And if any person shall take any fee for such oath, order, or certificate, he shall forfeit tool, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

And

Plague.

283

. And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchman, 26 G.1. c. G. shall in such case give a false certificate; he shall be guilty of felony withoutbenefit of clergy.

EVERY person who shall for hire, gain, or reward, aft, 10 C. 2. c.

or cause to be acted, any play or other entertainment of the stage, or any part therein, if he shall have no legal fet- . tlem'ent where he acts, without authority from the king or the lord chamberlain, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the 12 An. (which act is repealed; but the same is re-enacted by the 17 G. 2. c. j.) — Or otherwise he shall forfeit 50I. in which case he shall not also suffer as a vagrant. Id.

The penalties may be recovered in the courts at Westmin.

Her; or before two justices, by the oath of one witness, orcon-session, to be levied by distress; and for want of suficient distress, the offender td"be committed to the house of correction, not exceeding six months, to be kept to hard labour ; or to the common gaol, not exceeding six months, without bail or mainprize: persons aggrieved by order of the justices may appeal to the next felhons: the said penalties to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the poor.

But by special acts of parliament playhouses are permitted to be erected in particular places.

. Any house, room, garden, or other place kept for public 25 G. 2. c. 36.. dancing, music, or other entertainment of the like kind, in London, or within 20 miles thereof, without licence, (except the theatres of Drury-lane, Covent-garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercised by letters patent or licence of the crown, or of the lord chamberlain) shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit fool. See Gaming, p. 122.

IF any person within his majesty's dominions of England and 1 J. c. u.

Wales, being married, shall marry any person, the former husband or wife being alive; such offence shall be felony (but within clergy).

This act shall not extend to any person, whose husband or M. wife shall be continually remaining beyond the seas, by the space of seven years together.

Nor to any person whose husband or wife shall absent him M. or herself, the one from the other, by the space of seven years together, in any part of his majesty's dominions, the one of them not knowing the other to be living within that time.

Players.

Polygamy.

O 0 2

Nor

284

I J c. II,'

IB. B. 692.

17 C. j. r. 3S.

4.3 f r. t. 2.

Id.

$:r, i&?4# S:r. jafix. i-.C.z. 3S

Polygamy.

Nor to an'y person who shall he, at the time of such marriage, divorced by sentence in the ecclesiastical court.

On a profecation upon this statute," the first and true wife is not to be allowed.as a witnessagaioll the husband; but it Teems dear that the second wife may be admitted to prove the second marriage, for (he is not his wife (b much as it faSo.

Poor.

IF any person shall be aggrieved by any thing done or omitted by the churchwardens and overseers, or by any of his majesty's justices of the peace, he may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, where the same shall be heard, and finally determined; but if reasonable notice be not given, then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter sessions ; and the court may award reasonable cods to either party, as they may do by 8 and 9 tV. in case of appeals concerning settlements.

Appointment of Overseers, with their Duty thereupon.

THE churchwardens of every parish, and four, three, or two substantial houlholders there, as shall be thought meet, having respect to the greatness of the parish, to be nominated yearly in Eaderweek, or within one month after Eader, under the hand and fcalof two or more justices of the peace in the same county, (1 Qi) dwelling in or near the parish or dividon, shall be called overseers of the poor of the same parish.

If any overseer shall die, or remove, or become insolvent, before the expiration of his office, two justices-(on oath thereof made) may appoint anotherin his dead.

And if in any place there shall be no such nomination of overseers as is before appointed, every judice of the dividon shall forfeit 5!. to t'nc poor of such place, to be levied by the church-wardens and overseers, or one of them, bydidrefs, by warrant from the sessions.

An extraparochial place, not having the reputation of a ville, is not liable to maintain its own poor.

Overseers mud be described, in pursuance of the words of the datute, as substantial bsujhdiirs in the said parish.

The overseers thus appointed, and taking upon them the office, shall within 14 days receive the books of assessments and of accounts, from their predecessors, and what money and materials shall be in their hands, and reimburse them their arrears.

And

Poor. (Overseers.) 285-

' And they shall take order from time to time, with the jeon- 43 £/. c. *> sent of two such justices as aforesaid, for fettingito worksite children of all such whose parents shall not, by the said church-

wardens and overseers, or the greater.part of them," be thought able to keep and maintain them; and also for setting to work all such persons, married, or unmarried, having no meansto maintain them, and using no ordinary and daily trade. Which '

laid churchwardens and overseers, or such of them as shall not be let by sickness or other just excuse, to be allowed by two such justices, shall meet at leaftoncea month, in the church, on Sunday in the afternoon, after divine service, there to con-lideroffome good course to be taken, and order to be set'down in the premises: upon pain that every one of them absenting themselves without lawful cause, from such monthly meeting, or being negligent in their office, shall forfeit for evefy default zos. to the poor; to be'levied by some or one of the churchwardens.ana overseers, by warrant from two such justices, by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeiture shall be paid. Provided that if any person shall be aggrieved by any act done by the said churchwardens and other persons, he may appeal to the general quarter sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties.

Of Persons having no Settlement.

WITHIN 40 days after any poor persons shall come to 13^14 C.t. settle in any tenement under rol. a year, two justices (1 3J.) may remove them to the place where they were last legally settled. Unless they give sufficient security for discharge of the parish, to be allowed by the said justices.

If any person, who shall come into any parish or place there t&9 W.«. 30. to reside, shall at the same time procure, bring, and deliver to the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place, or to any of them, a certificate, under the hands and seals of the churchwardens and overseers of any other parish, or the major part of them, or of the overseers where there are no churchwardens 1 to be attested by two or more credible witnesses ; thereby owning and acknowledging the person mentioned in the said certificate to be an inhabitant legally settled in that parish, township,' or place ; every such certificate, having been allowed of and subscribed by two justices of the place, shall oblige the said parish or place, from which the certificate shall come, tp receive and provide for the person mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that parish, whenever they shall happen to become chargeable

to.

286

Poor. (Certificate.)

to, or be forced to alk relief of, the parish, township, or place, to which the certificate was given: and then, and not before, it shall be lawful for such person, and his children, though born in that parish, net having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and settled in the parish or place from whence such certificate was brought.

Noperlon, who shall come into any parish by such certificate, shall be adjudged by any act whatsoever to have procured a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and Iona fie take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of tol. or shall execute feme annual office in such parish.

KA./.t.t.i! If any persons shall be an apprentice or a hired servant to any person who came into any parish by means of a certificate, and hath not afterwards gained a legal settlement there; such apprentice or servant shall not be adjudged thereby to have any settlement in such parish.

3 G.r. r. The witnesses who attest the execution of the certificate by the churchwardens and overseers, or one of the said witnesses, shall make oath before the justices who are to allow the same, that such witness or witnesses did fee the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, whose names and seals are thereunto subscribed and set, severally sign and seal the said certificate; and that their names are of their own proper hand-writing: which said justices shall alfe certify, that such oath was made before them. And every such certificate so allowed, and oath of the execution thereof lb certified by the said justices, shall be allowed, in all courts whatsoever, and received as evidence, without other proof thereof.

Certain general Rules concerning Certificates.

A Parish cannot be compelled to grant a Certificate.

A Certificate is not binding, unless signed by the Justices.

Snr-r-.il i THE justices are not obliged ministerially to allow and (ign tejr:lt. a certificate. They have a discretion to allow it, or not to allow it, if it be liable to objection. And if it is not a certificate within the act (which it is not, unless properly signed} it cannot conclude the parish.

9 & io W, xi.

A Certificate extends

ip — NOT only to the certificate man himself, but likewise to all -9 his family and all his children, whether born before or after the certificate.

A certi-

Poor. (Certificate.)

287

A Certificate is conclusive .against the Parish cer-tifying.

BECAUSE a .certificate is a solemn ‘acknowledgment jS«S, 535. whereby the party is owned to be legally settled there: and as all other panlhes on this certificate are bound to receive him, so the parish that certifies is concluded as to all other panlhes.

A Certificate is not binding against a subsequent Settlement.

A CERTIFICATE promising to receive the persons when- 3 Salk, *53. ever they become chargeable, is not conclusive against a settlement obtained afterwards; for though it be according to the agreement between the parishes, yet a private agreement'in this respect shall not alter the law.

A Certificate is not restrictive from gaining a Settlement in a third Parish.

A CERTIFICATE provides for the security of that parish Burrwv't Sefth only, into which the certificate persons came to reside by virtue c«/‘ of fdch certificate; but doth not exclude a certificate person from gaining a settlement in another parish, in the same manner as any other person may do^

A Certificate is discharged by an Estate of a Man's own.

A MAN may not be removed from his own, whether it come gg'iojKe. 11. to him by defeent, devise, or purchase; and continuing s q, c % 7. thereon 40 days, he shall thereby gain a settlement, provided that, in case of purchase, the consideration paid amouat,'A>»<j side, to the sum of 30I.

Appendix, No* 59*

288

Poor. (Certificate.)

Eamo't Still. Casa 373.

H-W-

CtfucfS. 66.

3 Sa/i. 66.

O/cir/S.66.

jy.

17 C. Si f. j.

A Certificate is discharged by a Removal. '

THE law is so far from looking upon a Certificate as continuing after an order of removal, that the pauper cannot return to the place from which he was removed, without incuring a penalty.

A Certificate is discharged by the Pauper's desert ing it.

THE certificate aft fays, that the apprentice shall not gain a settlement in the parish to which his mailer came by certificate. But if this apprentice hath gained an intermediate settlement, he ought to be sent to that settlement which he hath intermediately gained.

Of Settlement by Birth.

Of Bastards.

A BASTARD child is prima fade settled where born: and this was the antient genuine settlement: but this rule admits of divers exceptions.

If a woman comes into a place by privity and collusion of the officers where (he belongs, and is there delivered of a baf-tard, such bastard gains no settlement, notwithstanding its birth.

If a woman big with child of a baitard, and settled in one parish, is perfuadedto go intoanother, and there be delivered; this fraud will make the parish chargeable where the mother was settled, though the child was not born there.

If a bafiard is born under an order of removal, and before the mother can be sent to the place of settlement, being hindered by water or otherwise, such bastard-shall not be settled where so born, but at the mother's settlement.

If the officers are carrying a woman by virtue of an order of removal, and (he be delivered on the road in transtu, the baf-tard shall go with the mother where (he is going, by virtue of the order, notwithstanding the birth.

Where any woman, wandering and begging, shall be delivered of a child in any parish or place to which (he doth not belong, and thereby shall become chargeable to the same, the churchwardens or overseers may detain her till they can safely

convey

Poor. (Settlement by Birth.) 2.89

convey her to a justice of the peace. And if such woman shall be detained and conveyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which (he is delivered, if a ballard, shall not be settled in the place where so born,' nor be sent thither by a vagrant pass; but the settlement of such woman shall be deemed the settlement of such child.

A child born in thehouse ofcorreftion, shall be.sent to the 1 Sulflr. 35S. place of its mother's settlement.

A ballard born in a lying-in-hospital, shall follow the mo- 131?. 5. t.Si. ther's settlement.

If a woman come into a parish by certificate, and be there Stjf. C. V. a. delivered of a. ballard, that child shall not be/included in the 1Ta‘ certificate as part of the family, but shall befettled where born.

Yet it seems, that the ballard child shall go with the mother for nurture till (even years, and be maintained at the charge of the parish where it was born. See case of Darlington, H, 17

G. 3.

Of legitimate Children.

THE father's settlement is the settlement of the children, when it can be found out; otherwise the birth of the child prima facie is the settlement of the child, until there is another settlement found out. ' If they cannot find out the legal settlement of the father, the birth is the settlement of the child. The settlement by birth is only quoufpe they find the father's settlement; and if they never can find that, it is absolute upon them.

" Of the Settlement of Children with their Parents.

THE birth of legitimate children doth not give them a Fo/ry.i6g. settlement, except where the settlement of their father and mother is not known, and then only till it is known.

A child of seven years of age may be bound apprentice to a 5 El. c. 5. shipwright, fiiherman, owner of a ship, or other person using the trade of the fcas; and by the vagrant act of the 17 G. z, a vagrant's child of that age may by the justices be put out an apprentice: and as soon as he shall have redded and lodged in a parish for 40 days under the indenture, he will have thereby gained a settlement. So that the precise time when a person may have gained a settlement in his own right is at the age of seven years and 40 days.

Wihere ,a father gains a second settlement after the birth of s,r‘ 5So' his child, that settlement is immediately communicated to the'

P p ' child.

290

2 ^'-55.

Sir. ^ic.

19 V.xtr. 5Si. f % . 254.

L, Rsjrz. 1^-.

3 259.

Uj.iSi.

IUU.C-.J.

13 £ 14 r.

C. 12.

7.5. c. 17.

Poor. (Settlement with the Parents.)

child. And a child may be sent to the place of his father's settlement, without ever having been there before.

The place where a bastard is born is the place of his settle, meet, onlefs there is some trick to charge the parish; but the place where legitimate children are born is not the place of their settlement; for let that be where it will, the children are settled where their parents are settled.

Though the place of the birth of a child, where the father hath no settlement, is the place of the settlement of the child, yet where the father hath gained a settlement, his children, though born in another parish, shall be looked on as settled at the place of their father's lall legal settlement, and shall be removed thither, as well after the death of their father, if occasion requires, as in his life-time, supposing they have gained no settlement of their own.

If the father dies before the child is born, yet the child shall be settled where the father was settled before his death.

If a widow, by renting tol.ayear, gains a uewlettlement, her children are settled with her.

But if a woman marry again to a man settled in another parish, her children by her former husband mud go with her for nurture, yet they are no part of her second husband's family ; and therefore gain no settlement in the parish where the father-in-law is settled.

Those under seven years of age shall be kept at the charge of the other parish, where their father whilst living was settled ; and to that parish they may be sent after seven years old, as to the place of their lawful settlement.

The child's settlement follows that of its father, if the father's can be found ; and no recourse shall be had to the mother's settlement, till that of the father can be traced no further.

Where a child is fird known to be, that parish mud provide for it, till they find another.

Of Settlement by Apprenticeship.

ON complaint by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, within 40 days after any person shall come to settle in any parish, on any tenement under 10I. ayear, two justices (1 ij.) may remove him to the place where he was lad-legally settled, either as a native, housholder, sojourner, apprentice, or fervent, for the space of 40 days at the lead.

The said 40 days shall be reckoned, not from the time of his coming to inhabit, but from the time of his delivering notice in writing: and by 3 If', c. 11. not from the time or delivering such notice, but from the time of the publication of such notice in the church.

If

Poor. (Settlement by Apprenticeship.) 291

If-any perfori shall be bound an apprentice by indenture, and inhabit in any town or parishj such binding and inhabitation (Kail be adjudged a good settlement, though no such notice‘in writing be delivered and published. ' '

If any person, after June 24, 1713, shall be an apprentice nM-JI.ic.it hound by indenture to any person reading under a certificate, in any parish, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement.in such parish, such apprentice, by virtue of such apprenticeship, shall not gain any settlement in such parish.

No person who shall have been bound an apprentice, by any 3I c. i.r. n deed, writing, or contrail, not indented, being first legally damped, shall be liable to be removed from the place where he was so bound and resident 40 days, by any order of removal, or order of sessions, by reason only of such writing not being indented.

An apprentice may gain afettlement, whilst his master, not Bum. renting 10I. a year, gains none. In such case, the matter being removed, may apply to the justices to compel the apprentice to go with him.

If the master runs-away, the apprentice is not sufficiently £>/<-, e/s. fui juris to hire himself, nor can he gain a settlement till his '

indentures be legally cancelled.

Of Settlement by Service.

IF any unmarrried person, not having child or children, 3 W'. c., shall be lawfully hired into any parish or town for one year, such service shall be adjudged and deemed a good settlement therein.

No such person so hired as aforesaid, shall be adjudged or 8^9 Jf'.e..0 deemed to have a good settlement in any such parish or town- J

ship, unless such person shall continue and abide in the same service during the space of one whole year.

If any person after June 24, 1713, shall be a hired servant M. ji % with any person who did come into, or shall reftde in any pa- ' lS- *' rish, township, or place, by means or licence of a certificate, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, township, or place; such servant shall not gain any settlement in such parish, township, or place, by reason of such hiring or service, but shall have his settlement as if he had not been an hired servant to such person.

If a man, who has a ‘daughter married and settled elsewhere, Cu/'i <fgi __ hires himself for a year, and serves the year, he gains a settlementby the service, though not strictly a single man.

N. B. Though the case here alluded to is that of a daughter married and settled elsewhere, it /hould seem equally clear in the case of a/on, or fons, that have obtained a legal settlement elsewhere, previous to the father's obtaining a new settlement by the fcivice of a year, under a legal hiring-for a year.

p p 2 if

292 s So/i. 527.

CafatfS. So.

JjrrKr'l &. C./. 243.

Id. 15S.

W. 53. G. s.

i-i-

hi. 3. c. 2.

J 7. S. t. 17. 3^. 1.11.

Poor. (Settlement by Service.)

If a man hired for a year marries, having served half a year, the-marriage doth not hinder the serviceif the man performs the service, he gains a iettlement.

All hiring for a few days, lhort of a year, for the purpose of avoiding a Iettlement, will be considered as fraudulent; and the service will be allowed to make a good settlement. Lef; than 40 days residence in any parish will not gain a settlement : but if the contract be for a year, and the service be performed (suppose at sea, or in distant jonrnies) the residence need not be 40 days successively; it is sufficient if within the year.he resides 40 days in the whole.

Where there is a hiring for a year, and a service for a year, and a continuance under the same service, it is sufficient to gain a settlement; and such settlement mud be in the parish where itwas performed the Iafc 40 days.

Of Settlement by Marriage.

THE settlement of a woman in herhufband's parish, being a minor, and hot having obtained the content of his parents or guardians, set aCde in the case of K. and Tenham.

A woman marrying a husband, who hath a known settlement, shall follow the husband's settlement.

A wife can gain no settlement, separate and distinct from her husband, during the coverture.

A woman marrying a husband, that hath no known settlement, doth not lose her former settlement, which the had before marriage.

Of Settlement by continuing 40 Days after Notice.

THE 40 days continuance of a person in a parish, to make 3 settlement, shall be accounted from the time of his delivering notice in writing, of the house of his abode, and the number of his family, if he have any, to one of the churchwardens or overseers of the parish to which he shall remove.

Which said notice in writing, the said churchwarden or overfser shall read, or cause to be read, publicly, immediately after divine service, in the church or chapel, on the next Lord's day, when there shall be divine service in the same. And the said churchwarden or overseer shall regiller or cause to be registered, the said notice in writing, in the book kept for the poor's account.

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall refuse or neglect to read, or cause to be read, such notice in writing as aforesaid, he shall (on proof thereof by the oath of two witnesses before one justice) forfeit for every offence 40s. to the party grieved, by distress, by warrant directed to the constable of the parish or town where the offender dwells; and for want of sufficient

distress.

Poor. (Settlement byrefiding ^o<D'ays.) 293

distre(s,thesaidjustice shall commit him to the common gaol for one month. 'And if any churchwarden or-'overseer shall refuse or neglect to regiller, or causetobe regillred,' such-notice in writing; he shall, on the like conviction, forfeit 40s.f to the use of the poor of the parish or town where the offender dwells,. to be levied as aforesaid; and for want ofsufficient distress, then the saidjultice shall commit him as aforesaid, for the time aforesaid.

N. B. No soldier, fcaman, shipwright, or other artificer, ^W. c.u. or workman in his majesty's fervite, shall have any settlement in any parish, port-town, or other town, by delivering and publication of notice in writing, unless the same' be after a difmiliion out of the service.

All persons not removable may become settled without giv- Bun. ing notice, the notice being only intended where the person is removable. '

When this notice given in writing has been omitted, the Str. 853. court has held all conftro&ive notices to be no legal settlement, such as, attending' the leet, amending the highways, and doing watch andward. - -

Of Settlement by paying Parish Rates.

FORTY days inhabitancy shall gain a settlement. '3 & 14 C. a.

Such 4odaysare to be reckoned from the delivering of ho- c" I* j c, tice in writing, and from the publication of such notice in 3 jy. i. ,1. the church.

But if any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town Id. or parish, shall be charged with, and pay his share, towards the public taxes or levies of the said town or parish, he shall be adj udged to have a legal settlement in the same, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

But persons residing under a certificate, shall gain no settle- 9 & to W. ment by being rated to and paying any such levies, taxes, or c- n« assessments.

Payments for the repair of the church, the relief of the poor, and the land tax, have been adjudged sufficient to gain a settlement : but no payment for the repair of the highways, or of the county-bridges, or of the duties on houses and windows,

shall make a good settlement.

Where the tenant is 'assessed to, and pays the land tax, tho' Burma's Sml. it be afterwards allowed by the landlord, and deducted out of CaJ' 75*

N. B. In many inllinces the landkri is ujftjfti by name though the truant pays the land tax, in confidence that it will be allowed him: in which cate, the notoiicty of such a person's inhabitancy is loft; and it Humid seem thit there is no ground on which toestablish a legal settlement.

the

294 Poor. (Settlement by Office.)

the rent, the tenant hereby gains a settlement: which is fop-posed to turn on the notice of inhabitancy, that arises from the party's being assessed and paying the tax, which is considered as tantamount to notice in writing.

Cf Settlement by serving a Parish Office.

3 jr. r. n. IF any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or parish, shall for himself, and on his own account, execute any public and annual office or charge in the said town or parish, curing one whole year, he shall be adjudged to have a legal settlement in the same, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

joiofP'. c.it. No person, who shall come into any parish by certificate, shall be adjudged by any act whatsoever, to have procured a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and Iona fit take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of iol. or shall execute some annual office in such parish, being legally placed in such office.

Tittr Sail. To serve the office of con liable as deputy to another, doth not gain a settlement, though it be served a year: for, by the words of the act, he mall serve the office fir limjelf, and ok his snvK account.

Barrm's Sir.!. He mull also be legally placed in his office, by taking the

Cj/; a+r- oaths which belong to it. It mull appear to the court, how he came into his employment or office.

Of Settlement by renting iol. a Year.

THE aft (9 fc? 10 IF. c. 11.) doth not require aperson rent. <--/c 571. ing a tenement of iol. a year, to occupy it; it is enough if he rents it, and resides 40 days in the parish. The ground the act goes upon, is a person's having credit sufficient to hire a tenement of that value.

If the tenement is under 10I. a year, the justices, upon complaint within 40 days, have power to remove the person coming thither to reside ; if it is not under iol. a year, they have no power to remove him; and continuing upon the same unremovable for 40 days, he thereby gains a settlement.

Of Settlement by a Person's own Estate. '

g&ioir. c.n. NO certificate person shall gain a settlement, but by renting iol. a year, or executing an annual office.

But,

Poor. (Settlement by Estate.) 295

But, where a person has an eliate for life, oran estate of in- Fskj. *57> heritance of his own, that gains him a settlement, though less than 10I. a year; for he cannot be removed; and if he cannot be removed, he certainly gains a settlement.

Where a man lives upon his own, it is a case of a very ten- Burma's Smt. der nature, and the law will not unsettle him : persons to be ! removed under the statute of C. 2. are those that wander from place to place, and not those who live upon their own estate.

No person shall be deemed to acquire any settlement in any 9 C. c. 7. parish or place, by virtue of any purchase of any eliate or in-rereft in such parish or place, whereof the consideration for such purchase doth not amount to the sum of 30I. bona fide paid, for any longer or further time than such person shall inhabit in such eliate, and shall then be liable to be removed to such parish or place where he was lad legally settled before the said purchase and inhabitancy therein.

A person may not be removed from his own, although not Burma's Sett'. settled thereby, be the value ever so small, or let him come to CaS‘ 411-it in what manner soever.

A certificate person shall gain a settlement by an eliate of his own, notwithstanding the abovesaid statute of the 9 {s' io W. '

If an eliate descends to a certificate person, it gains him a Burma's Sail. settlement, becaufeit is byoperation of law, and not by an act G-fiics-of his own.

Having land in a parish will not make a settlement, but 2 Salt. 514. living in a parish where one has land, will gain a settlement without notice ; for the act never meant to banish men from the enjoyment of their own lands.

Of Removals.

IT shall be lawful, upon complaint made by the church- 13 & 14C.1t. wardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, to any justice of the peace, within 40 days after any poor person comes to settle in any tenement under the yearly value of 10I. for any twojultices of the peace (one whereof is of the quorum) of the division where any person that is likely to become chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabit, by their warrant to remove and- convey such persons to such parish where he was tail legally settled, unless he give sufficient security for the discharge of the said parish, to be allowed by the said justices.

And if such person shall refuse to go, or shall not remain in M, such parish where he ought to be settled, but shall return of his own accord to the parish from whence he was removed, one justice may fend him to the house of correction, there to be p«-niflted as a vagabond.

Ai!

296

17 G. C- c. $.

13 & 14 C. a.

if.H.

S:r. 1091.

Bzrr., Pzzrre-rs«m/, -a:/. i:i, f 498-

iSaih. 406.

3(

Poor. (Removal.)

All persons who shall unlawfully return to such parish of place from whence they have been legally removed by order of two justices, without bringing a certificate from the parish or place whereunto they belong, shall be deemed idle and disorderly persons; and one justice may commit them (being thereof convifiled before him, by his own view, or by their own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness) to the house cf correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

And if the churchwardens and overseers of the parish to which he shall be removed, refafe to receive such person, and to provide work for him, as other inhabitants of the parish ; any justice of that division shall bind any such officer in whom there shall be default to the affixes or sessions, there to be in-difled for his contempt in that behalf.

If any p.rfun be removed by virtue of this act, by warrant of two justices; the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or town to which such person shall be removed, are required to receive the said person: which if he or they shall refuse to do, the person offending, on proof by the oath of twowitnesses, before one justice of the place to which the person snail be removed, shall forfeit for each offence 5I. to the use of the poor of the parish or town, from which such person was removed : to be levied by distress, by warrant to the constable of the parish or town where such offender dwells ; and for want of sufficient distress, the said justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol for 40 days.

Though the complaint maybe to one justice, yet the examination ought to be by two, and those the same who sign the order of removal.

And, ;r.c:: ur.d'.ihcllj, the justices ought to be both together at the bearing and determining; though the practice in many places is otherwise.

After an order and adjudication is made, that the same may appear upon record afterwards, in order to charge the parish, the mall regular way fur the justices to proceed is to make a record of the complaint and adjudication, and upon that to make a warrant to the churchwardens and overseers, to convey the persons to the parish to which they ought to be Tent, and deliver in the record by their own hands into court the nextfcfficns, tofce hep: thereamongst therccords.

' If any person, v.-lia shall come into any parish or place, thereto reiide, shall deliver a certificate to one of the churchwardens or ovcnl-ers there, such certificate fitall oblige the parish or place granting the same, to receive and provide for the parlor, mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitant, of that parish, whenever they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to act relief of, the parish, township, or place, to which such certificate was given;

Poor. . (Removal.)

given; and then, and not before, it shall be lawful-for any such person, and his children,-though born in that pariflv not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there; to be re--moved, conveyed,-and settled in the parish or place-from-whence such certificate was brought. ' i.

When any overseer or other person shall remove back any persons or their families, residing under a certificate, and becoming chargeable, to the parish or place to which they shall belong, such overseer or other person shall bereimbursed such reasonable charges as they may have been put unto in maintaining and removing such persons, by the churchwardens or overseers of the place to which such persons are removed; the said charges being firil ascertained and allowed of-by one or morejultices for the county or place to which such removal shall be made; which said charges so ascertained and allowed, shall, in case of a refusal of payment,- be levied by distress and fate of the goods of the churchwardens and overseers of the place to which such certificate person is removed, by warrant of such justice orjuilices.

All persons who think themselves aggrieved by atiy such judgment of the said twojuilices, may appeal to the justices of the peace of the said county, at their next quarter sessions, who shall do them justice according to the merits of their cause.

- The appeal against any order of removal of any poor person; shall be nad, prosecuted, and determined, at the general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, division, or riding, wherein the parish, township, or place, from whence such poor person shall be removed doth lie, and not elsewhere.

N. B. In case of an order of removal from a town corporate, the appeal mud be to the sessions of the county; and not ab eoiem ad eimdem, the same justices probably fitting who made the order.

No appeal from any order of removal shall be proceeded upon, unless reasonable notice be given by the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place appealing, unto the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place from which the removal shall be; the reasonablencfs of which notice shall be determined by the justices at the quarter sessions to which the appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them, that reasonable time of notice was not given, they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter sessions, and then and there finally determine the same.

On all appeals to the sessions against the judgment or orders of any justices of the peace, the justices there shall cause defers of form to be rectified and amendrd, without any coil to the party, and after such amendment shall proceed to hear the truth 4nd merits of the cause.

And for the more effectual preventing of vexatious removals and frivolous appeals, the justices in fefliqns upon any appeal Qjj ' concerning

297

3 G. 2. (.29.

13 & 14 C. 2.

C. 12.

8 &? 9 JP. r. 39*

2 Salk* 490.

Cafct of Sell!* io.

9 G. r. 7.

$<?. 2. ( 19.

$fi?9 W.t. 3*.

Poor. (Removal.)

concerning the settlement of any poor person, or upon arty proof before them there to be made, of notice of any such appeal to have been given by the proper officers to the churchwardens or overseers of any parish or place (though they did not afterwards profeente such appeal) shall at the same sessions order to the party in whose behalf such appeal shall be determined, or to whom such notice did appear to have been given, such costs and charges in the law, as by the said justices in their discretion shall be thought most reasonable and just ; to be paid by the churchwardens, overseers, or any other per-ibn, against whom such appeal shall be determined, or by the person that did give such notice; and if the person ordered to pay such colts, shall live out of the jurisdiction of the said court, any justice where such person shall inhabit, shall on re-quest to him made, and a true copy of the order for the payment of such colb produced, and proved by some credible witness on oath, by his warrant cause the same to be levied bydillrefs; and if no such distress can be had, shall commit inch person to the common gaol, there to remain by the space of zo days.

if the justices shall at their quarter sessions, upon an appeal before them there had, concerning the settlement of any poor person, determine in favour of the appellant, that such poor person was unduly removed, they dial!, at the same quarter sessions, order and award to such appellant, so much money, as shall appear to the said justices to have been reasonably paid by the patiih or other place on whose behalf such appeal was made, towards the relief of such poor person, between the time of such undue removal, and the determination of such appeal; the said money so awarded, to be recovered in the same manner as cods and charges upon an appeal are to be recovered by the datute jud mentioned.

An order of two justice:, if quashed at the sessions upon an appeal, for want of form only, is not concluftre between the two parishes.

It was moved for setting aside an order of sessions confirming an order of two justices upon appeal. But the court would hear nothing of the merits of the cause, the order of sessions being in that case final, unless there had been an error in form.

Of the Poor Rate, and other Helps towards their Relief.

THE churchwardens and overseers of the poor of every pa-riih, or the greater part of them, shall raise weekly or otherwise (by taxation of every inhabitant, parson, vicar, and other,

and

2 99

Poor. (Rate.)

and of every occupier of lands, houses, tithes impropriate, propriations of tithes, coal mines, or saleable underwoods in the said parish) a convenient dock of flax, hemp, wool, thread, iron, and other ware and fluff, to set the poor to work j and also competent fnms for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being poor as are not able to work, and also for the putting out poor children apprentices.

Where there shall be any dispute in what parish or place ,17 c. s. r, 37, improved wastes, and drained and improved marlh lands lie, and ought to be rated; the occupiers of such lands, or houses built thereon, tithes arising therefrom, mines therein, and saleable underwoods, shall be rated to the relief of the poor, and to all other parish rates, within such parish and place which lies nearest to such lands; and if on application to the officers of such parish or place to have the same assessed, any dispute shall arise, the justices at the next sessions after such application made, and after notice given to the officers of the several parishes and places adjoining to such lands, and to all others interested therein, may hear and determine the same on the appeal of any person interested, and may cause. the same to be equally assessed, whose determination therein shall be final.

The churchwardens and overseers shall cause public notice 17c, 1.1. to be given in the church, of every rate for relief of the poor, allowed by the justices, the nextSunday after such allowance; and no rate shall be reputed sufficient to be collected, till after such notice given. — And they shall permit any inhabitant to inspect such rate at all seasonable times, paying is. and shall give copies on demand, being paid 6d. for every 24 names, —

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall not permit any inhabitant to inspect, or refuse to give copies as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 20I. to the party grieved.

If a person shall be aggrieved by any assessment, or shall ,7 <7... (. have any material objection to any person's being put in or left out of such assessment, or to the sum charged on any person or persons therein; he may, giving reasonablcnotice to the' churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next sessions for the county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; but if reasonable notice be not given, then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter sessions after.

On all appeals from rates, the justices shall amend the same, ^ without altering such rates, with respect to other persons mentioned in the same; but if upon an appeal from the whole rate, it shall be found necessary to set afidc the same, then they shall order a new rate to be made. — And the court may award colls to either party, as in cases of settlement by the 8d 9 ff'.

True

300 Poor. (Rate.)

17 G- - ' 3S. True copies of the rates shall be entered in a book, by the churchwardens and overseers, within 14 days after ail appeals from such rates are determined; and they shall attest the same, by putting their names thereto; and they shall be delivered over from time to time, to the new churchwardens and over* leers, as soon as they enter into their offices, to be preserved and produced at the sessions when any appeal is to be heard.

43 EZa.It shall be lawful as well for the present as subsequent churchwardens and overseers, or any of them, by warrant from any two such justices, one whereof is of the quorum, to levy the said sums, and all arrearages, of every one that shall refuse to contribute according as they shall be aiTelTed, by ditlrefs and sale.

17 G. e. t. 38. And if sufficient distress cannot be found within the county, on oath made thereof before a judice of any other county, the goods may be levied in another county or precinct.

43 Ei. c. z. In defe£t of such didrefs, it shall be lawful for two such justices to commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until payment of the same.

17 G.;. r. 38. Where persons shall come into, or occupy any premises, out of which any other person aiTelTed shall be removed, or which at the time of making such rate was unoccupied; every pqrfon l'o removing from, or coming into, or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such rate, in proportion to the time that such person occupied the same respectively, under the like penalty of didrefs, as if such person so removing had not removed, or the person coming in or occupying had been originally adessed in such rate; which proportion, in case of dispute, shall be ascertained by two justices.

Id- If there has been any irregularity of proceeding in the par-

ties didraining, and tender of amends hath been made by the said parties before an action is brought, no plaintiff shall recover in any aSion for such irregularity.

li- And if any person shall neglect to pay to such overseers, the

succeeding overseers shall levy the arrears, and shall reimburse their predecessors the same which are allowed to be due to them in their accounts.

43 £'. £. i. jf the justices perceive that the inhabitants of any parish arc

not able to levy among themselves sufficient sums for the purposes aforesaid, then the said two justices (1 shall tax, rate, and assess as aforesaid any other of other parishes, or out of any parish within the hundred, to pay such sums to the churchwardens and overseers of the said poor parish, as the justices shall think fit.

li. The father and graudfather, mother and grandmother, and

children of every poor, old, blind, lame and impotent perron, or other poor person not able to work, being of a sufficient ability, (nail at their own charges relieve and maintain every such poor person, in that manner, and according to

that

3°i

Poor. (Rate.)

that rate, which by the justices of that county where such sufficient persons dwell, in their sessions shall be assessed; on pain of 20s. a.month: which penalty shall go to the use of the poor of the same parish, and be levied by some or one of the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant from two such justices (t Q.) by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeitures shall be paid.

Where any wife, child, or children, shall be left by their S G. husband or parents, it shall be lawful for the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant of two justices, to take andfeize so much of the goods and chattels, and receive so much of the annual rents and profits of the lands and tenements of such husband, father, or mother, as such two justices shall order and direct, towards the discharge of the parish or place where such wife, child, or children are left, for the bringing up and providing for such wife, child, or children; which warrant or order being confirmed -at the next quarter sessions, it shall be lawful for the justices there, to make an order for the churchwardens or overseers to dispose of such goods or chattels by sale or otherwise, or so much of them, for the purposes aforesaid, as the court shall think lit, and to receive the rents and profits, or so much of them as shall be ordered by the said sessions, of his or her lands and tenements, for the purposes aforesaid.

And the said churchwardens and overseers shall be accoun- Id. table to the justices at the quarter sessions for all such money as they shall so receive.

All persons running away out of their parishes, and leaving 7 J. c. 4. their families upon the parish, shall be deemed and fuller as incorrigible rogues. See the article Vagrant!.

By 17 G.z. c. 5. these offenders are ranked in a less criminal class, and are to be punished only as rogues and vagabonds.

Sec the said article Vagrant!.

If a person doth but threaten to run away, and leave his >7 G. 1.1. j. wife and children upon the parish; he shall, on conviction, before one justice by confession, or oath of one witness, be committed to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month.

Of the Relief and ordering of the Poor.

THE churchwardens and overseers, with theconfent of two ^El.t.z. justices (1 ^.) shall take order from time to time, for setting to work the children of all such whose parents shall not by the said churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them,

be

302

9 G. c. 7.

3 IF.t. 11.

9 B.r. 7-

9 G. 3. f. 3:

Poor. (Relief.)

be thought able to keep and maintain their children; and for fe'tting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, having no means to maintain them, and using no ordinary and daily trade; and for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being poor, and not able to work.

And the said justices, or one of them, shall send to the bonfe of correction, or common gaol, such as shall not employ themselves to work, being appointed thereunto as aforesaid.

Two or more parishes, townships, or places may join (with the approbation of any justice in or near such parish, &c. signified under his hand and seal) in purchasing, hiring, or taking any honfe or houses for the lodging, keeping, and maintaining of the poor of the said parishes ; the major part of the inhabitants assembled in veliry and consenting, and notice being first given of such public meeting for this purpose.

The churchwardens and overseers of one parish, &c. may contract with those of another, without joining, for the lodging, maintaining, and employing of the poor.

There shall be provided and kept in every parish a book, wherein the names of all persons who receive collection shall beregillered, with the day and year when they were lirft ad-mittra to have relief; and the occasion which brought them under that necessity; and yearly in Easter week, or as often as shall be thought convenient, the parishioners shall meet in vestry, or other usual place of meeting in the parish, before whom the book shall be produced, and all persons receiving collection shall be called over, and the reasons of their taking relief examined, and a new lift made and entered of such persons as they shall think fit, and allow to receive collection; and no person shall be allowed to receive collection of the parish, but by authority of one justice redding in or near such parish, or by order of the justices in felEons, except in cases of plague or (mail pox, for such families as shall be therewith infected.

No justice shall order relief to any poor person, till oath be made before him, that the same person hath applied to the parishioners in veliry, or to two of the overseers, without being relieved, and till such justice hath summoned the two overseers to appear and shew caofe why such relief should not be given.

if any churchwarden or overseer of the poor, or person authorized by bim, shall make any payments to the poor in any base or counterfeit money, one justice, on complaint, may summon the offender, and on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not lets than tos. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to be applied to the use of the poor.

Poor. (Relief.)

. Two thirds of a parish, in number and value, may agree to zzG. adopt this act, and may nominate three discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor, and three others to be governors of the poor-house, and may fix their salaries, with the consent of two juliices of the limit. — Two or more parishes may also unite for the purposes of this act, with the approbation of two juliices subscribed at the foot of the agreement; which agreement shall specify the situation of the house or houses, and a copy of the terms agreed on shall in three months be left with the clerk of the peace.

Two juliices shall appoint one of the three persons recom- U. mended as above for governor of such poor-house, to take care of, and employ the poor, and to be allowed the salary or wages specified in the agreement: the visitnr of such poor-house, or where a guardian is visitor, two juliices may remove the governor, on sufficient proof of misbehvaiour or incapacity.

The guardians of the poor of these united parishes shall, a. two or more of them, produce to two justices of the limit the names of three respectable persons, as lit for the office of vi-fitor; out of whom the juliices shall, within three days, appoint one; and if he declines it, one other of the three; and in case of his refusal, the third; and if all refuse, the guardians shall visit by rotation, subject to the controul of the juliices of the limit: such visitor, if not a guardian, may appoint a proper person for his deputy, to inspect the matters committed to the care of the visitor, and to make his report thereof.

Every visitor, so to be appointed, shall superintend every U. such house or houses, and settle and adjud the accounts between the said guardians of the poor and the treasurer of such house, if any quellion or dispute shall arise respecting the same; and also shall settle and adjust all quellions which may arise concerning the persons which ought to be sent to such house or houses, according to the intention of this act, and by every prudent means in his power, enforce and promote the rules and orders_ for the better accommodation and relief of the poor: and every such governor, guardian, and treasurer, is hereby required to observe and obey the directions which he shall from time to time receive from the visitor so to be appointed, touching the several matters aforesaid : and, where any act shall be required to be done by a justice of the peace, such visitor, if not a justice, or his deputy or affillant, shall apply to feme neighbouring magistrate to do the same: and every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or deputy visitor as aforesaid', as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the office of constable, and all parochial offices, and also fium serving upon juries at the assizes or quarter sessions, so

303

3- c, 83.

3°4

Poor- [Relief.)

long as he shall contirtne in that office; and a certificate finder the hand of a justicd of the peace acting for the limit wherein he executes such office, shall be admitted as evidence of his serving the office.

:iC. -.. c. S3. If two thirds, in number and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of land, tenements, or hereditaments, within any single parish, township, or place, which shall adopt the proviGons of this act in manner aforesaid, shall desire to hare a vificor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend to the joflices of the limit three persons properly qualified for that office, the justices, upon application to them iti manner aforesaid, shall appoint one of the persons so recommended, in the manner herein before directed.

The guardians of the several parishes and townships united for the purposes of this act, shall recommend to the joflices one of their own body to be. treasurer of the poor-house ; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian so recommended, or any other of the guardians whom they shall think better qualified, to that: office; which treasurer shall give sufficient security, to the satisfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successors, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his hands; and shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and pay or discharge the several bills and expences which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and shall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every such meeting, for their perusal and approbation; and shall, once in every year, within 14 days before the Michaelmas quarter feihons of the peace, make out a just and fair account of the expences attending the same; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age and sex, which shall be contained in every such house at the fine of making such account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which shall be laid before the visitor, and signed with his hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, before or at the time of the said quarter sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspection : and every such treasurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual sum, not exceeding lol. as the visitor, if not a guardian, shall think fic; and if no such visitor, as two joflices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

Vacancies occasioned by death of officers, &c. to be supplied by the justices in manner aforesaid.

The offices of guardian, governor, visitor, or treasuref, shall determine in Easter week next after the respective persons

11.

Poor. [Relief,)

Tons shall be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the public meeting shall be held; when the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office,

shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, in the manner herein-before direited, as if. such person had died.'

If within any such limit as aforesaid, wherein any poor- -2 C. house shall be situate, there shall happen to be no ailing jufi-tice, or only one ailing justice of the peace, or if the justice or justices of the peace who usually ail in that limit shall be absent, or by any means incapacitated to ail, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to ail in all such cases.

The justices of the peace, within their respective limits, 1J. may appoint special or privy sessions for executing the several powers and purposes of this ail, causing proper notices to be given of the time and place of holding the same, to the fc-vcral justices of the peace, peace officers, and guardians of the poor, within such respective limits; and also may adjourn any such privy sessions, to be again holden at such time and place as they shall judge most proper.for discharging the business required by this ail, and such other business which may happen to fall under their cognizance, so as to occasion the lead trouble to themselves, and to afford the greated convenience and accommodation to the public, causing the like notices to be given of every such adjournment.

The poor are to be maintained at the general expence of the li. respective parishes: the guardians are to meet monthly: and the treasurer, at each meeting, is to produce an account of debts incurred for utensils, furniture, &c.; and also an account of the.viiluals, beer, &c. used in the poor-house; and the sum due from each parish, township, or place, shall be specified at the foot of such account, which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such guardians, or the major part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the vifttor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him, if he shall approve thereof; and in case default shall be made in payment of the respective sums so proportioned, for seven days after the same shall be so settled and proportioned, and the money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the limit where such house or houses shall be situate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to levy the said respective sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by didrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any such parish, township, or place, making such default; and at the end of every year the account shall be finally closed, and the balances paid and received,

Rr It

3°5

J.r.Sj.

Poor. (Relief.)

Ic shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor, where any such poor-house shall be provided, purchaseds or agreed to be erected, to indofe from any walte or common land or ground lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or persons having-right of common thereupon, dignified under their hands and deals, any part or portion of such wade or common land,- not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upon, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the.use and benefit of such poor-house, and the poor persons within the parish, town ship, or place, where the same shall, be, or within the parishes, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith for the purposes of this act.

No perfoa shall be sent to such poor-house or houses, except such as are become indigent by old age, sickness, or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a maintenance by their labour, and except such orphan children as shall be sent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the visitor; and except such children as shall necessarily go thither with their mothers for fufienance.

Nothing herein contained shall give any power to separate any child or children, under the age of seven years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

Where there shall be, in any parish, township, or place, any poor person or persons who shall be able ana willing to work, bat who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, township, or place, and he is hereby reqoiied, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employ, ment suited to his or her drength and capacity, in any parish, township, or place, near the place of his or her residence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such employment shall be procured, andduring the time of such work, and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in fneb maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons who shall have earned such money, if no further expences shall be then incurred on his or her account toexhaud the same. And in case such poor person or persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian to some judice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall en-

Poor. (Relief.)

quire into the same upon oath, and upon conviction punish such offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the house ofcorreftion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

The guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, *c. adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the expence of such parish, township, or place. Tunable and necessary clothing for the persons fen t by him to such poor* house as aforesaid; and in case of his neglect so to do, the governor or one of the guardians of every such house shallnutke complaint thereof to some neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian so making neglect to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct jiim to provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary ; and if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within io days after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to direct the governor of such poor-house, or the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the same, and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expences of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to levy the same, and the colls and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale of the goods ana chattels of every such guardian so making default.

The'rules, orders, and regulations, shall be duly observed id. and enforced at every poor-house or workhouse to be provided by Virtue of this act, with such additions as shall be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at some special fession; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act, and provided that the same be not repealed by the justices at their quarter sessions of the peace ; and, for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the governors of every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such house or houses.

It shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, on Id. complaint made upon oath, by or on the behalf of any poor person belonging to any parish, township, or place, that the guardian, upon application made to him, hath refused such

These arefubjoined to the which every parish, adopting the scheme therein proposed, will certainly obtain ; and to which the leader ia referred, if be requires more particular information.

R r 3

3 07

I- < 23-

poor

3°8

Poor. (Relief.)

poor person proper relief, and after enquiring:into the con--dirion andrircumdance of such poor person.;upon:oath, either to order him or. her, by writing under the- hand of such justice, some. weekly or other relief, or direct such guardian to fend such poor person to the poor house,: in ;case he or she shall appear a fit object to-be kept and provided-for there; which order shall be complied with, or fut&cient cause shewn to the contrary, before such judice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same; and every person receiving weekly relief shall wear the badge directed by the act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, unless directed otherwise by a judice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour; or if it shall appear to such judice, that the person so complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that case it shall and may be lawful for such judice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein-before directed; and if any guardian shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such refusal or neglect, for. feit the sum of 5I. or if it shall appear to such judice, that the person making such complaint, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is an idle or disorderly person, and has not used proper means to get employment, it-shall and may be lawful for the judice, after examining such person, and hearing the whole circumstances of the case, to commit such person to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; or if it shall appear to such judice, upon enquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person making complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly person, able to work, but by his negledi of work, or for want of seeking employment, or by spending the money he earns in alehouses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and differs them to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such judice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor woman, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month. tsC. 3.;. $3. The guardian shall not be summoned before the judice, unless the complainant shall have applied both to the guardian and viGtor; but if diffident relief shall not be given or or. dered, the poor person complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such judice.-f2, Out of the penalty hereby in (lifted upon the guardian for

disobeying the order of a judice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the juf-

tice

Poor.'' (.Relief,/)'

tice of the peace, who shall convict such offender, shall direct: to be paid to such poor, person to whom such- relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her'accordingly,1 and1 the re-' mainder applied in such manner as'the other perialties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

. If any poor person shall be retarded on his or lier passage q, through any parish, township, or place, in which he or (lie has no legal settlement, by ficknefsor bodily infirmity, without the means of subsistence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her settlement,'the guardian living near the place where such distressed object shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and suitable nourishment and aflillance (and alsocloathingif necessary) for such person, until he or she can be removed with safety; and when such person shall be fit to be removed, shall take such person to some neighbouringr'ju(lices of the peace, wild shall examine him or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlentent, and make an order for his or her removal thither,' if they think fit: and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for such person or persons as aforesaid, shall make a charge of the expences attending the same, which, on being allowed and certified by the justices before whom such poor person shall be so taken, or some other neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, the same shall be paid by the "guardian of the parish, township, Or place, where such poor person shall be settled, in case the same can be discovered, and shall happen to he within that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid: or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any such guardian so making default, after duesummons, by warrant from ajullice of the peace having jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick person, circum-(lanced as aforesaid, shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor person shall be found dead in any parish or place to which he or she did not belong, the guardian of such parish or place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case, to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or place, where lie or (he so died or was found dead, and shall make a charge of the expences attending the same respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where such person Avail appear to

The word guardian^ when applied to a parish* townflilp, or place at large, appears to he only another term for a churchwarden or overseer of the pour* and is not confined to the officers appointed to foperintend the poor-houses tfbblHhfd in parities adopting the prorifioos of this 2O.

309

3^.83.

have

3io

Pool:. (Relief.)

hare been settled, if the same shall be within that county; but in case the settlement of such poor persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that county; the same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was so relieved, on the production of such allowance and certificate, out of the county or public money to be collected within his limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts. ssC 3. r.S3. If any poor person, who shall be sent to such house of houses, shall embezzle or wilfully walle any of the goods or materials committed to his or her care, or shall take or carry away, without permission of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the use of such house, or belonging to any person residing there, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of the peace living near such house; who shall hear the same, and the party accused ; and such justice is hereby authorised, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

If any guardian, or other person or persons, shall entice, take, convey, cr remove, any poor person or persons from one parish or place to another, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than 5I.

If any visitor, guardian, or governor, shall fell or furnifit any materials, goods, clothes, victuals, or provisions, or do any work iq his trade for the use of any workhouse, poor-house, or poor persons, within any parish, township, or place, for which he shall be so appointed to act, or be concerned in trade orinterest with any person.or persons who shall fell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding zol. nor less than 5I. on being duly convicted thereof by a justice of the peace.

The guardians of the poor of any parish, township, dr place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, with the approbation of the persons qualified as herein before-mentioned. obtained at a public meeting held for that purpose, may sell or dispose of any house, cottage, or building, which shall have been erected or pnrehafed for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom to the purposes of this act; and also may remove, by order from a justice or justices of the peace, the person or persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expence of such parish, township, of place,

Poor. (Rdiej.) 311

if lie, Ihe, or they refuse to qnit, after receiving 14 days notice for that purpose.

All penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered before zi G. 3. C.S3. one or more justice or justices of the peace of the jurisdiction where the offender dwells; who shall, upon conviction, in default of payment, after due summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied by distress and falc of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and I'eal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charges of such distress and fate shall be deducted; for want of distress, any such justice of the peace may commit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; every such penalty and forfeiture, if not.hereby otherwise directed to be disposed of, shall be paid to the treasurer of every such house or houses, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expences of victuals, beer, firing, and other necessary provisions for the poor within such house or houses.

Any person aggrieved by the act of any justice or justices M. of the peace out of sessions, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, giving eight days notice _ thereof to the party against whom the complaint shall be made, and giving security, by recognizance, to be acknowledged before a justice of the peace, with a sufficient furctv, to pay the coils attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against the appellant; and the justices* determination shall be final.

If any overseer shall remove, he shall, before his removal, 17 c?. a. 38. deliver over, to some churchwarden or other overseer, his accounts, verified as aforesaid, with all assessments', books, papers, money, and other things concerning his office; and if any overseer shall die, his executors or administrators shall within 40 days after his decease, deliver over all things concerning his office to some churchwarden or other overseer, and shall pay.out of the assets all money remaining due, which he received by virtue of his office, before any of his other debts arc paid.

If any person shall find himself aggrieved by any act done by 43 £/ c- the said overseers .or justices; he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties.

In all corporations or franchises, which have not four juf- 17 G-z- ' 3s ticcs, persons aggrieved may appeal, if they think fit, to the next county-sessions.

Overseers being negligent in their office, shall forfeit for 43.E.'. r. =. every default 20s. to the poor, to be levied by one of the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant of two justices (1 by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may

commit

312

Poor. (Relief.)

commit the offender to the.common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeiture shall be paid.

17C. a-r.jS. Any parish officer neglecting his. duty, being convicted thereof on oath before two justices, in two calendar months after the offence committed, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. to the poor, by distress.

3 IF. c. it. In all actions to be brought in the courts of Westminster, or at the affixes, for the recovery of any sum mispent or taken to their own nfe by the churchwardens or overseers, the evidence of the parishioners, other than such as receive alms, shall be admitted-

11 y. r. 11. If any adionbe brought against any overseer, or other person which is in his aid, or by his commandment, shall do any thing concerning his office, hemay plead the general issue, and if he recovers, he shall have double costs: — And such action shall be laid in the proper county, and notclfewhere.

Popery.

BY the toleration-ad, if any person, being required by a justice of the peace, shall refuse to take the oaths of allegiance and fupremaev, and to make and subscribe the declaration against popery of the 30 C. 2. he shall be committed-by the said juffjee toprison; and, at the next sessions, if he shall again refuse to make and subscribe the said.declaration, he shall be deemed and suffer as a popith recusant convict.

1 G./.i. 1.13. Two justices may summon any person, whom they shall fuf-ped to be disaffected, by writing under their hands and seals, to appear before them at a time prefixed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration: which summons shall be served on such person, or left at his dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there; and if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, then, on due proof made upon oath of serving the said summons, they shall certify the same to the next sessions, to be there recorded: And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, and take the oaths at the said sessions (his name being publickly read at the first meeting of the said sessions) he shall be taken and adjudged a popish recusant convict. And the same shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace, into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

1- r. 1. They who are in seminaries abroad shall return in six months afrer proclamation, and conform in two days, before the bishop, or two justices of the peace; otherwise if they return at all, without submission, they shall be guilty of high treason.

If

if any person, knowing a jesuit or prieff to be id the real mi shall not in 12 days discover the same to a justice of the peace; of otherhigher officer, he shall be lined and imprisoned at the Qneeh's pleaftire. — Arid if such justice or other officer shall 'riot-in 28 days giveinformation thereof to one of the privy coun> cil, he shall forfeit .200 marks.

Penalty ofnot refortingto church.

ONE justice, on proof (in one month after default) bycon-fession, or oath of one witness, may call before him the party neglecting to go to church or some place of public worship on every Lord's Day; and if he shall not make sufficient excuse, on due proof thereof to the satisfaction of the justice,-such justice shall give warrant to the churchwarden to levy I2d. to the use of the poorof the parish for every defaultby distress and sale, rendering the overplus: for want of distress, commitment till paid.

Every person above the age of 16 years, who shall not repair to some church, chapel, or usual place of common prayer, being convicted thereof before the judges ofaflize, .or justices of the peace in their open quarter sessions, shall forfeit 2ol.a month, one third to the king, one third' to the maintenance of the poor of the parish, and of the Koufes of correction and of impotent and maimed soldiers, as the lord treasurer,. chancellor, and chief baron of the exchequer shall order, and one third to him who shall sue in, any court of record. — If not paid in three months after judgment, he shall be imprisoned till he pay, or conform himself to go to church.

Every offender in not repairing to church, being once convicted,- shall pay into the exchequer at Easter or Michaelmas term, which shall first happen after the conviction, 20I. for every month contained in the indictment;-and afterwards, without‘any other indictment or conviction, shall pay into the exchequer at every Easter and Michaelmas term 20I. for every month tillrhe conform'; except where the king may relufe the same, and take two parts. of the lands as hereafter is mentioned.

Every person, who shall retain in his service, or shall relieve, keep, or harbour in his house any servant, sojourner, or llranger, who shall not repair to church, but shall forbear for a month together, not having reasonable excuse, shall forfeit 10I. for every month he shall continue in his house such person so forbearing. — And the sessions may hear and dctcrmitic the same.

The justices in sessions shall have power to esquire, hear, and determine of all recusants and offences for not repairing to S s church;

27 El. c.

3 7- 4--

23 El. t.

3 7 r. -!

Id.

Id.

3*4

I G.JS.S. r. G. < >S.

21 G. 3- c.

3 G.i3.

Popery.

church; and shall, have power at the sessions where an ifldidt-ment is taken for such offence, to make proclamation, by which it shall be commanded that the body of the offender (half be.rendered to the sheriff, bailiff, or gaoler, before the next sessions: and if he shall not appear of record at the next sessions, then upon such default recorded, he shall Hand convicted.

55- Every person educated in the popish religion, shall within six months after he shall be of the age of z i, take the oaths of the i G. c. 13. and make the declaration against popery of the 30 C. 2. or in default thereof, shall within six months register the lands which he possesses.

And such lands shall be registered in the county, where the house thereupon (lands.

55- The name of such popish recusant shall be subscribed to the regillry, in the presence of two justices in open sessions, by himself or his lawful attorney, and two justices shall subscribe their names as witnesses on pain of 20I. that the entry was duly made.

51- All deeds and wills already inrolled, and every oath of the due execution thereof, administered by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace, and the deputy clerk of the peace, or any two of them, (such depnty clerk of the peace being one) shall be of the same force, vigour, validity,-and effect, to all intents and purposes, as if the same deeds and wills had been inrolled, and as if such oaths had been administered by or before the clerk of the peace in his own:proper person.

No manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or rent or profit thereof, shall pass, alter, or change from any papist, or person professing the popish religion, by any deed pr will, except such deed withiri'six months after date, and such will within six months after the death of the teilator, be enrolled in one of the courts of record at Well-minster, or within the county where they lie, by the cullos rotulorum, and two'justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace, or two of them at lead, whereof the clerk of the' peace to be one. '

- Any two justices, who shall know or suspect, or shall be informed, that any person is, or is suspected to be, a papist, may and shall tender to him the declaration ill the act of 30 C. 2. and if he shall not appear, after notice by warrant under hand and seal given to him, or left at his usual place of abode; or shall not make and subscribe the declaration; he shall be disabled to have or keep, in his house or elsewhere, or in thepoffeffinn of any other to his use, any arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except such weapons as shall be allowed by the sessions for the defence of his house or person. — And any two justices may by warrant authorize in the day time any person, with the con liable's assistance, to search such -person's house

Popery. 315,

for the same, and seize them for the use of the king. — And the said justices shall deliver the same in open court at the next sessions for the use'aforesaid; where also they shall certify the name and place of abode of every person so subscribing, or not subscribing.

Postage.

BY this act, from Aug. 31, 1784, whenever any foreign C- x.kjr.v letter or packet shall be received at any general post-of-.37,' ' lice, if any person employed in the said office shall make oath that he suspects it to contain goods prohibited to be imported, or liable to the payment of a duty on importation, it shall be lawful for him to carry the said packet to any justice, or other magistrate for the town or division, and in the presence of such magistrate to cut with a penknife in and thro* the folds of such. letter or packet, and its indofure, one opening or flit not exceeding two inches in length; and if it shall appear to the said magistrate that such goods are. contained' therein, he shall in the presence of the said officer immediately open the said letter or packet, and destroy. such goods.; and in such case, the magistrate shall inclose such letter, &c. in a cover, with an attestation signed by him, containing the name of the officer who brought it, the time of its being brought, the goods contained therein, and also attesting that the same were destroyed by him: this letter, &c. to be forwarded to the of of his Majesty's customs, who shall reward the said officer with any sum not more than 5I. nor less than 10s.

If no such goods as aforesaid are found therein, the magis- W. trace shall inclose the letter or packet in a cover, attesting that the said letter, &c. was opened in his presence, and shall deliver it sealed up to the officer, to be transmitted without delay to the person to whom it was directed, without any additional charge of postage.

Post Horses,

EVERY post-master or other person, who shall let horses to *5(7.3.:. 5;.

hire, for travelling poll' by the'mile, of from stage'to llage, shall annually pay 5s. for a licence for that purpose, on a penalty of 10I. — Every person'hiring such horse, shall, pay one penny halfpenny per mile; or is. pd, per day, when the distance is not ascertained.

' S s 2 Every

316 Post Horses.

jsrery-persan keeping a diligence, or other , four wheeled carriage, as a liage coach, ihallpay 55. for a licence annually, on a penalty of 10I. and also one penny for every mile such carriage shall travel.

The duties to be under the care and management.of the damp office.

Licensed innkepers are to cause the wards Licensed to let Post Horses to be written in legible characters on the front of their house, &c. on penalty of jl.

This act does not extend to horses used in hackney coaches within ten miles of London or Westminster.

All penalties sued for within six months shall be divided, or,e moiety to his Majesty, and the other, with full coils of suit, to the informer: if after six months the whole to his majesty. If the penalty amount to 50I. or more, it shall be sued for in the courts of Westminster, &c.; if less than jol. any justice refining near the place where the offence shall be committed, may hear and determine, and mayiffue his warrant, under his hand and seal, for levying the penalties on the goods of the offender, and cause sale to be made thereof, if not returned within six days; rendering the overplus, if any, to the offender; and in default of distress, may commit the offender to prison for six months, unless such penalty be sooner paid.

Any person summoned by such justice or justices, and refuting to appear, or refilling to give evidence, forfeits 40s. to be levied as above, and by such means as are hereinbefore

directed, as to other penalties_And all summonses issued by any justice of the peace against proprietors of coaches, &c. left with the book-keeper, shall be deemed goodservice on them.

The justice may mitigate the penalties to one half, oyer anij above the colls and charges.

Post-Office,

9 A-.. e. 10. \TO person shall be capable of exercising any employment, JL/N relating to the poll-office, or any branch thereof, or be any way concerned in receiving, sorting, or delivering of letters, before he shall have taken the following oath, before a justice of the peace where he resides:

I A.B. do swear, that 1 will not wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, detain, nr delay, or cause, procure, permit, or fifficr to he opened, detained, nr delayed, any letter or letters, packet or packets, which shall const into my hards, power, or cuf-tedy, by reason of my employment in or relating to the post-office-, — except by the consent of the person or persons to whom the same is or shall be directed, or by an express warrant in writing, under the band of one of the principal jccyetarics of fate for that purpose-, —

or

Post-Office. 317

or except in such cases, inhere the party or. parties to whom faeh letter or letters, packet or packets, shall bedircited,- or who is or arc chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof, shall refuse or neglell to pay the same, ana except such letters or -packets, asjhait be returned for want of true direllions, or when the party or par- ties to whom the same is or shall be direlled, cannot be found: And that I will not any way embezzle any such letter or letters, packet or packets, as aforesaid.

And if any person shall do any thing contrary to the said 9,*. c.10, oath, he shall forfeit 20I. and his office.

Peri'ons appointed from time to time to measure the poll Id. roads, shall be sworn to perform the same, according to the bell of their (kill and judgment, before a justice of the peace, who shall make a certificate thereof in writing, to be entered in the general poll-office, withoutfee.

If any poll-boy shall quit the mail, or shall loiter on the 5 G. 3. c. 25. road, or shall not in all possible cases convey the mail after the rate of fix miles an hour at lead: he (halt, on conviction by confession or oath of one witness before one justice, be sent to the house of correction, to be there kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days.

And if any poll-boy shall by himself, or in combination with Id. others, unlawfully collect any letters, or convey, orcaufcthem to be conveyed: he shall, on conviction by confession or oath of one witness besure one justice, forfeit for every letter or packet 10s. to the informer; and if not forthwith paid on conviction, he, shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding two months, nor less than one.

Any poll-mailer embezzling money for letters poll paid, or u. destroying the letters, shall be deemed guilty of felony.

If any person employed in anybufiness of the poll-office, ~,C.. 3.^50, who shall take any letter or packet to be forwarded by the pod, and receive any money therewith for the portage, shall burn or dellroy any such letter or packet; or shall advance the rate of portage upon any letter or packet, and not duly account for the money by him received for such advanced portage, he shall be deemed guilty of felony.

All sums, not exceeding jl. that shall be due from any per- q/ln. c.sa, son for letters, or which shall be received for the carriage of letters, withoutanswering for the same to the receiver-general, shall be recovered before justices of the peace in the same manner as small tithes; and such debt lho.Il be preferable in payment, before any debt to any private person.

Any person Healing bills, or other securities for money, out 7 c.3. e. 50. of letters, or robbing the mail, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

All pecuniary penalties, amounting to col. or upwards, ao c. 3. c, 5i, shall be distributed, half to thd king, and half with full colls to him who shall sue in the courts of Westminster.

If

gi 8 Post-Office.

io G. 3. r. 51. If not fuedfor in three months, they shall belong to the king. — If under 20I. they may be recovered before one justice redding near to the place where the offence was committed who shall summon the party accused, and also the witnesses; and on due proof made either by confession or oath of one wit-ne(s, may issue his warrant of distress and sale of the offender's goods, if not redeemed in six days; if sufficient distress cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to prison for three months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

And if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before such justice, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, he shall forfeit 40s. to be levied and paid as the other penalties herein before directed.

^ A summons by such justice of the proprietors of carriages,

left at the inn or place where the carriage shall put up, with the person who keeps the books for taking places in such carriages, shall be deemed good service on such proprietor, al. tho' he may not have a residence or habitation at such inn or ' place.

Prison-Breaking.

Jffd. X. c. 15.

s Eiw. 137.

Iff.ff. 6sx.

I Hi-. 71.

'-["'HOSE who have broken prison are not bailable by juf-X tices of the peace; and that for two reasons: 1. Because it carries a presumption of guilt. And, z. Because it is a fu-peradded offence to the former, for which they Hood committed.

The party may be arraigned for prison-breaking, before he be convicted of the crime for which he was imprisoned: for that it is not material whether he were guilty of such crime or not; for the words of thestatuteare, for which keiuat taken and iaprisontd.

The gaoler shall not be punished as a felon for the party's breach of prison, unless he voluntarily consented to it; but it seems to be a negligent escape in the gaoler, for which he may be punished by fine and imprisonment, because there wanted either that due strength in the gaol, or that due vigilance in the gaoler or his officers, that should have prevented it: and if gaolers might not be punished for this as a negligent escape, they would be careless either to secure their prisoners, or to retake them that escape.

If a criminal endeavouring to break the gaol, assault his gaoler, he may be lawfully lulled by him in the affray.

Process.

Process.

BY the commission of the peace, the justices in sessions have power to make-and continue processes upon indictments, against the persons indicted, until they can be taken, furren-der themselves, or beoutlawed.

Indictments and presentments, taken in theiheriiPs tourn, shall be delivered to the next sessions; who. may award process thereupon, in like form as if they had been taken before them* selves.

The law in several cases in express words directs process to be made by justices out of sessions; and in other cases by necessary implication: as where a statute doth give power to justices out of sessions to esquire, hear, and determine, there they may make process to cause the party to come and answer, other,wife they cannot proceed to hear and determine; and this may be either before or after presentment or indictment as the several statutes do require: before presentment or indictment it is called a warrant; after presentmentorindiflment it is pro* perly called process.

Wherever the king is a party to the suit (as he certainly is to all informations and indictments), the process ought to be executed by the Ihcriff himself, and not by the bailiff of any franchise.

If the party be in an house, if the doors belhut, and the sheriff (having given notice of his process) demand admittance; and the doors .be not opened; he may-break-open the doors, and enter to take the offender.

It seemeth that any one justice may bail persons indicted at thefeflions,for any offence under the degree of felony) for that the statutes relating specially to the power of justices in granting bail, do not in this case seem to take away the power, which one justice had before the making of the said statutes.

It is said, that the justices in sessions cannot issue a capias utlagatum, but mull return the record of the outlawry into the king's bench, and there process of capias utlagatum shall issue.

If one be outlawed before the justices of the peace on an indictment of felony, they may award a capias utlagatum \ for they that have power to award process of outlawry, have also power to award a capias utlagatum, as incident to their authority and jurisdiction.

By the outlawry all pctfonal chattels are vested in the king by forfeitures; but real chattels, or freehold ellates arc not vested in the king, till after inquisition found.

If a man.be indicted before justices of the peace, and thereupon outlawed, and is taken and committed to prison, the

justices

i Ei. 4. c. 2.

Dale. c. 193.

2 lijiv. 284.

2II. II. 202,

2 Ilaw. 103.

z II. II. 52.

12 Cl. 103.

3 Salk. 262.

4 lull. i66. Hale's PI. 158. 2 II. II. 35.

Process.

jaitices of gaol-delivery may award execution of this prisoner} for they are constituted to deliver the gaol, f' - -

Promissory Notes, &c.

&c.

WHEREAS the acts 15 G: 3. c. 51, and 17 G. 3. c. 30.

restraining the negotiation "or promissory nbtes,"&c. under a limited sum, which have been found to be nfefuiand beneficial, are near expiring, and it is expedient'that the said acts Ihouidbe made perpetual: — By this act, the said recited afis are made perpetual.

Prophecies. .1 .

IF any person shall advisedly and directly advance, publish, and set forth by writing, printing, or otherwise, any false prophecy, thereby to make any disturbance in the realm; and shall be convicted thereof before a judge of assize, orjustice of the peace, within six months after the offence committed, he (hell for the Srit offence be imprisoned for a year, and forfeit to!.; and for the second offence, shall be imprisoned for life, and forfeit his goods: half the forfeitures'to the king, and half to him who shall sue for them in any court of record.'

Publication or indecent Books, &c.

THIS, which is a nuisance of the highest order, is ptinish-able as such by information' or indictment, with fine,

imprisonment, and pillory.

Public Worship.

IF any person shall speak irreverently of the sacratnent of the Lord's supper, he shall sufferimpnfonmentj arid make fine and ransom at the king's will. And three'justices (i 4j.j may take information by the oaths of two witnesses; and afterwards nt the sessions, may esquire thereof by the:oaths of iz men upon indictment. 1

All commanders, captains, and officers at sea, shall cause the publick worship ofalmighty God, according to tK^liturgy of the church of England, to be performed in their relppQive ships; And prayers and preachings by the chaplains shall be performed diligently.

Public Worship. 321

If any person shall didurb a preacher in his sermon by word or deed, he fiiallbe apprehended and carried before ajustice of the peace, who shall commit him to safe:custody,'and within six days, he and another justice shall examine the fad, and if they find him guilty by two witnesses, or confession, they shall commit him to gaol for three months,: and furtherfo the next sessions; and if at the sessions he repents and is reconciled, he shall be discharged on. finding sureties for his good behaviour for a year; if not, he shall be continued.in gaol till he does; saving the ecdefiadical jurisdiction; and he shall not be1 punished both ways.

If any person shall willingly and of purpose, come into any »' *3, church, chapel, or other congregation permitted by the ad of toleration, and disquiet and disturb the same, or misuse any preacher or teacher; he shall on proof thereof before one juf. tice, by two witnesses, find two sureties to be bound by recognizance in ;ol.; and in default thereof shall be committed till the next sessions, and on con vision there of the said offence,' he shall forfeit to the king zol.' .

Qualification, &c.

PERSONS who have omitted to qualify themselves agree'- *7 c> 3 *4*-ably to ad I C. i, 13 C. z, 25 ana 30 C. 2, 8 G. 1,

9 G. 2, 18 G. 2, and 6 G. 3, before the passing of this act; andwhofiiall, on or before December 25, 1787, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified again!! forfeitures. — -But this act shall not indemnify any person against whom final judgment shall have been given, for any penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law. '

Nor shall any thing contained in this act extend to exempt any justice of the peace from the penalties to which he is subject for acting as such, without being possessed of the qualification required by the laws now in force.

Persons producing appointments and admissions before Dec.

25, 1787, to the of of the stamp-duties, may have them duly damped, on payment of the duties fird payable on such appointments, without any fine or forfeiture thereon'; and such persons so providing appointments, duly damped,

shall and may hold and execute such offices, or any other, not-with Aanding their omission; and none of his or their acts shall be quedioned or avoided by reason of the same.

This act shall not extend to redorc any person to any office or employment, jalready avoided by judgment1 of any of his majesty's courts of record, or already legally filled tip and enjoyed by any other person.

T t Every

325 Qualification, &c.

Every person who, at the poking of this act, shall have neglected or omitted to cause aiiidavits of contracts to serve.as clerks toattornies, &c. to be made and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas term 1787, shall cause one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought tq have been made and filed in due time, is hereby indemnified and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures, incapacities and disabilities whatsoever.

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general issue; and, upon their defence, give this act and the special matter in evidence, upon aqy trial to be had thereupon.

Rape.

5 I*js. ifo. . ~Ty APE is when a man hath carnal 'knowledge of a woman,

1 Hm. icS. by force, and against her will.

jS El. 1.7. if any person shall unlawfully and carnally know, and abofc

any woman child, under the age of ten years, whether with herconsent or against it, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

t f/rw. to". The offence of rape is no way mitigated, by shewing that the woman at Iaft yielded to the violence, if fuel) her consent was forced by fear of death, or of duress.

U. It is net a sufficient excuse in the ravilher, to prove that the

woman is a common (trumpet; for (he is (till under the pro-f eft ion of the law, and may not be forced: nor is it any ex-cufe, that (he consented after the fast.

j H. E. 63;. The party ravished may give evidence on oath, and is in law a competent witness; but the credibility of her tellimony, and how far (he is to be believed, mull be left to the jury, and is more or less credible, according to the circumstances of facts that concnr in that tWlimony.

f*- Forinllance, if the witness be of good same; if file presently

discovered the offence, and made pursuit after the offender; fnewed circumstances and signs of the injury, whereof many are of that nature, that only women are the most proper examiners and inspectors; if the place, wherpin the fastwas done, was remote from people, inhabitants, or' passengers; if the offender fled for it; these, and the like, are concurring evidences to give greater probability to her testimony, when proved by others as well as herself.

: E. E. 633. Baton the other side, iflhe concealed the injury lor any considerable time, after lh$ had opportunity to complain; jf the place, where the fast jwas supposed to be committed, were near to inhabitants or common passage of passengers,. and

323

' Rapev

(he made no Outcry when the fact was suppbfed tobedbiie, when and where it is probable Ihe might be heard By others f or if a man' prove himself to bc in another place, or in other-company; ait the time (he' charges him with the sass; ' or if (he is wrong-in the description of the place, dr swearis the fast'to be done in a place where it was'impioffible the man could have' access to her at that time, as if the room was locked up, and the key in the cnllody of another person: these and the like circumstances carry strong presumption, that her testimony is falseor feigned.' ' -

Upon the whole, rape", it is true, is amost deteftablecrimej and therefore ought severely and impartially to be punished' with death; but it mult be remembered, that it is an accusation' easily to be made, and hard to be proved, and harder to be defended by the party accused, tho'never so innocent: therefore, a wife jury will be cautious upon trials of offences of this nature, that they be not so much transported with indignation' at the heinousness of the offence, as to be over hallily carried' to the conviction of the person accused thereof, by the coni fident testimony, sometimes of malicious and false witnesses.

Recognizance.

RECOGNIZANCE is a bond of record, teflifyingtherei cognizor to owe a certain sum of money to some other; and the acknowledgment of the same is to remain upon record; and none can take it but only a j udge or officer of record, &c< Recognizances are taken from the reputed fathers of baltard children. — See appendix. No. 12.

To indi£t for felony. No. 23.

To give evidence for felony. No. 24.

For good behaviour, No. 30. Toindiaformisdemeanour, No. 48. Toanswer formisdemeanour, No. 49.

To give evidence for misdemeanour. No. 50. To keep the peace. No. 52.

Besides these, there are general recognizances.

Without sureties, No-65.

With sureties,‘No. 66. '

And these recognizances, in some cases, the justicCs of the peace are enabled to take by the express words of certain statutes: but in other cases (as for the peace, and good behaviour, and the like) it is rather in congruity, and by reasonable intendment of law, than by any express authority given them, cither By their commission, or by the statute law.

But wheresoever any statute giveth them power to take a bond of any man, or to bind over any man to appear at the af-T t fixes

I H.H. 63 c; 636.

Dc':. c. 1S6.

Cnm. isj«

Dull. 1.16?.

324

£b.:. c. l£S.

SxUUxg.

Dm:. c. 176. 3 I/. 7- f 1.

tS:P.S:

r.ij.

Recognizance.

files or sessions,- or to take sureties for any matter or cause, they may take a recognizance. Yea, wheresoever they have authority given them-to cause a man to do a thing, there it seemeth they have in congruity power given them to bind the party by recognizance to do it; and if the party shall refuse to be bonnd, the justice may fend him to gaol.

Every obligation and recognizance, taken by justices of the peace, must be made to oar lord the king: on pain of imprisonment of any person that shall take it otherwise.

When the parties are to enter into recognizance, call them by their names thus: Yon A. B. acknowledge to owe to our ‘ sovereign lord the king, the sum of , and yon C. D.

‘ acknowledge to owe to onr sovereign lord the king, the sum of ; to be levied of yonrrespective goods and chattels, ‘ lands and tenements, for the use of onr said lord the king, ' his heirs and successors, if default shall be made in the con-‘ ditioa following: that is to say, if you the said A. B. shall make default in appearing, &c." But the parties need not sign it. And it is nfual for the justices to mark at the foot of the examination, A. B. in 40I. to appear &c. And from such short cote make out a record afterwards.

Lord Coke fays, that arecord is a memorial or remembrance in rolls of parchment, &!c. from whence it seemeth that a recognizance ought tube ingrafted on parchment; but since there is no law which prohibits it to be engrafted on paper, it seemeth that if it shall be on paper only, and not on parchment, - it is good in law.

And when it is made up, if the justice shall only subscribe his name, without his seal to it, this is well enough; and that maybe in either of these forts, acknowledged before me, J. P. or only to subscribe his name thus, J P.

The justices shall certify their recognizances for keeping the peace, to the next sessions, that the party may be called ; and if he make default, the default shall be recorded, and the recognizance, with the record of the default, shall be sent and certified into the chancery, king's bencL, or exchequer.

But in cases of felony, the recognizances are to be certified to the general gaol delivery.

Refiitution of stolen goods.

:i i‘. n.

TF any felon do rob or take away any man's money or goods, I and thereof be indicted and arraigned, and found guilty, or otherwise attainted, by reason of evidence given by the party robbed, or the owner of the money or goods, or by any other by their procurement; then the party robbed or owner of the goods, shall be restored to such hi* money or goods: and

as

Restitution of ftolenlgoods. 323;

as well the justices of gaol-delivery, , as other, justices before whom the felon shall be found guilty, or otherwise attainted; may award a writ of restitution> in likemahnerasif the felon were attainted oh'appeal. a-

Riot, rout, and unlawful assembly.

WHEN three persons or more shall assemble them selves i naw. i^, together, with an intent mutually to a (lift one another, Dolt. c. 136, against any who shall oppose . them, in the execution of some enterprize of a private nature, .with force or violence, against the peace, or to the manifest terror of the people, whether the act intended were of itself lawful or unlawful;.if they only meet to such a purjiofe or intent, although they shall, after'depart of their own accord, without doing any thing, this is an unlawful alTembly: if after the first meeting they shall'move forward towards the execution of any such act, whether they put their intended purposes in execution or not; this, according to the general opinion, is a rout: — And if they execute such a thing in deed, then, it is a riot.

The justices of the peace (or, as it hath been resolved, one 34. Ed, 3. e, u justice) shall have power to restrain rioters, and to arrest and chastise them according to their offence; and cause them to be imprisoned and duly punished, according to the law and custom of the realm, and according to that which to them shall seem bed to do, by . their discretion and good advisement.

Butiftheriotersareabovethenumberoftwelve, theofFence tG.ft. 1. c. is greatly enhanced, and the power of one justice very much enlarged, by the act commonly called the riot aft, which is required to be read at every quarter-sessions and lect. — Every justice, (herilf, under-sheriff, and mayor, shall on notice or knowledge of any unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous assembly of persons to the number of twelve or more, together with such help as he shall command, resort to the place: and with a loud voice command, or cause to be commanded, silence to be, while proclamation is making; and after that, shall openly and with a loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in eifeft:

Our sovereign lord tit king chargeth and commandtth all persons being afftmilled, immediately to disperfe themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful business, upon the ' pains contained in the act made in the first year of king George for preventing tumults and riotous assemblits: God same the king.

And if any twelve or more of them shall continue together 1G. ft. 2. e. 5. by the space of one hour after such proclamation made, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If

326

I C.Jt. I. r. 5.

13 It. 4- C. 7.

; It. 5. c. S.

13 0. 4. f. 7.

W.

5-c. S.

J7.

Ii.

- 1!- 5- S-8 0. 6. r. 14

Riot, rout, and unlawful assembly.

If any rioters (although under the number of twelve, and whether any proclamation be made or not) shall unlawfully and with force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any church or chapel, or any building for religious worship, certified and registered according to the act of toleration, or any dwelling-house, barn, liable, or other out-house, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy: and the hundred, city, or town, shall answer the damages thereof, as in cases of robbery.

If any riot, assembly, or rout of people, against the law, be made, the justices, three, or two of them at the lead, and the sheriff, or under sheriff, shall come with the power of the county, if need be.

And the king's liege people being {efficient to travel, shall be afiitlant to them, upon reasonable warning, to ride with them in aid to refill such riots, routs, and assemblies, on pain of imprisonment, and to make fine andranfom to the king.

And the same justices and sheriff, or under Iherilf, shall have power to record that which they shall find so done in their presence against the law: by which record the offenders shall be convicted in the same manner and form as is contained in the fiatnte of forcible entries.

And if the offenders be departed before the coming of the said justices, and sheriff or under Iherilf, the same justices, three or two of them, shall diligently esquire within a month after such riot, assembly, or rout of people lo made, and thereof shall hear and determine according to the law of the land.

And the said justices and otherofficers shall execute their offices aforesaid at the king's cods, in going and continuing in-doing their said offices, by payment thereof to be made by the sheriff, by indentures betwixt the said sheriff and justices, and other officers aforesaid, whereof the sheriff upon his account in the exchequer may have due allowance.

The justices dwelling nighell in the county, where such riot, assembly, or rout shall be, together with the sheriff or under sheriff, shall do execution of the said statute of the 15 H. 4. every one upon pain of tool, to the king.

If default be found in the two justices, sheriff, or under sheriff, then at the indance of the party grieved, a commission Ihul: be issued under the great sea], to enquire as well of the truth of the case for the complainant, as of such default.

Rioters shall be taken by writ and proclamation out of chancery, on fuggedion of two justices and the Heriff, on the common same of such riot.

Rivers

327

Rivers and Navigation.

IF any person shall, either by day or night, wilfully or ma- vj C. i. c. 15.

liciously pull down, cutdown, pluck up, throw down, le. vel, or otherwise destroy, any lock, sluice, floodgate, or other works, on any navigable river, erected or to be erected by authority of parliament, or refeue any person in custody for such offence, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy: and the offender may be tried in an adjacent county.

Persons discovering and convidling an accomplice shall have a pardon: and the hundred shall answer damages, not exceeding 20I. to be recovered as in cases of robbery.

If any person shall wilfully and maliciously draw or pluck W. up any floodgate fixed or made in any wear or lock, erected or to be erected by authority of parliament, in or upon any navigable river, for preserving the navigation thereof, he shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness, before two justices of the county or place, or of the adjacent county or place, be sent to the house of correction to hard labour for one month.

If any person acting as mailer of a ship, shall call out, or 19 G. a. 0 22, there shall be call out, of any vessel being within any haven, road, channel, or navigable river, any ballad, or rubbish, but only on the land where the tide never comes; any one justice near the place, may summon the master or owner, or other person acting as such, against whom the information shall be made, or issue his warrant to bring him before him; and upon due proof made, either by confession of the party offending, or on view of such justice, or oath of one witness, that any ballad or rubbish hath been cad out, the mader, or person acting as such, shall be adjudged the offender, and shall forfeit not above 5I. nor under 50s. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place where such conviction shall be pronounced: to be levied by didrefs, and the offender to be committed to the gaol or house of correction where the conviction shall be, for two months, or till payment of the penalties, or so much thereof for which the commitment shall be.

And as soon as any vessel shall be funk, branded, or run >9 ' *

alhore, in any harbour, channel, or navigable river, or be brought in, or be there in a (battered condition, and the owner or mader shall begin to take down, or carry away any of the riggings or tackle, or if there shall not be any person to take care of such vessel, any one justice of the county orplacc, near which such fact shall happen, shall on information thereof summon the owner, or other person having or pretending to have command thereof, or issue his warrant to bring him before him; and on conviction shall issue his warrant for seizing and removing such vessel, and also the rigging and tackle thereof.

328 Rivers and Navigation.

in fodi manner as he shall order and direct: and if such person flail not within five days give security to the justice, to dear the harbour of such vessel, and of all wreck and parts thereof, and pay the charges of seizing, removing, and disposing of the veil'd and furniture, then the justice flail canfe the hulk and tackle to be sold, and with the money pay the charges of clearing the place where the veil'd shall lie, and of seizing, removing, and felling the same, rendering the overplus to the owner of the manor where the same shall happen.

-1 G.z. c. 45. All persons who flail feloniously Heal any goods of the value of 40s. in any ship, boat, or vessel, on any navigable river, or in any port of entry or discharge, or from any wharf or quay, or shall be present and aiding therein, shall be excluded from the benefit of dergy.

Robbery.

sits.es.

14 H. 8. c. 5. *9 C. 1. c. 7.

Crrjn, 345.

Pjh. f. 84.

eeG.

*7 El. c. 13.

8 G. 2. r. id.

ROBBERY is a felony by the common law, committed by a violent assault upon the person of another, by putting him in fear, and taking from his person, his money or other goods, of any value whatsoever.

If any person be indicted, or appealed, for killing any person attempting to rob, he shall be acquitted.

If any person, who shall travel upon the Lord's day, shall be then robbed, the hundred shall not be liable: nevertheless they shall make hue and cry, on pain of forfeiting to the king as much as might have been recovered again!! the hundred, if the robbery had not been on the Lord's day. — Except only to or from church.

If there be so much day-light as that one may fee a man's face, so that the robber may be known, though it be before the sun-rising, or after the sun-setting, the hundred shall answer for it.

No person shall recover against the hundred, more than the vatae of 20ol. unless the persons robbed shall at the time of the robbery be together in company, and be in number two at the lead, to attell the truth of his or their being so robbed.

In order to make the hundred liable, the person robbed shall, with as much convenient speed as may be, give notice thereof, unto some of the inhabitants near the place.

He shall also give notice, with as much convenient speed as may be, to aconflable of the hundred, that is, the high con-liable, or to a constable of some place near; or leave notice in writing at his house, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery.

The party robbed shall also, within zo days, cause notice to be given in the gazette, describing therein the felon, and the

time

Robbery. 329

time and place of the robbery, and the-goodi and -effects whereof he was robbed. : ^ .

- He shall also be examined on oath within twenty days, next 27 Et c. 13. before the action brought, before ajuflice inornearthe hundred, .whether he knows any of the robbers; and ifheconfesses thatlie does, he shall; before action brought, be bound-over by the said justice effectually to profeciite the person or persons so known to have committed tile said-robbety.

If the plaintiff recover, the sheriff shall shew the writ of Id. execution to two julliccs (1 4J.) in or near the hundred;

The high constable also shall cause his attorney's, bill to be 8 O. s. e. iS. taxed by the proper officer, and shall give in to the said-justices an account thereof, and of his other expences in defehdirig the ufiion, and make due proof of the same upon oath, to the satisfaction of the said julliccs.

The said two justices shall thereupon cause a taxation to be /,/. made, and levied in 30 days, upon every division within the hundred, by the constables, by distress and falo;

And the constables shall in ten days pay the same to the Id. sheriff, and the sheriff shall pay the same without fee' to the plaintiff for his colls and damage, and to the high constable for his expences.

The high constable shall in like manner, if lie recovers Id. against the plaintiff, be reimbursed his expences which shall be over and above the colls to be taxed, and also such costs taxed as he shall not b'e able to recover, by reason of the in-folvency of the plaintiff and of his sureties; which shall be paid in ten days to the said two justices, orone of them, who shall, upon request, deliver over the same to the high constable.

Any perfori or persons apprehending a felon, whereby the U. hundred becomes indemnified, shall have iol. reward paid by the hundred; the same to be ascertained, levied, and paid by two justices (1 ^j.) in or near the hundred, in such proportions as they shall think reasonable, within the hundred.

And moreover, every person who shall apprehend a high- 41'/, t. S. wayman, and prosecute him till he be convicted, shall have from the sheriff of the county where the robbery and conviction was made and done, without paying any fee for the same, the sum of-401. within one month, the judge certifying the cori-vidlion of such a felon, and also that such felon was taken by the person claiming the reward. Id.

If any disputes shall arise, the judge shall direct it to be paid unto arid amongst the persons claiming, in such proportions as to him shall fecin just and reasonable. — And if the sheriff shall make default of payment, he shall forfeit double, with treble costs.

Such person shall have moreover the horse, furniture, and arms, money, or other goods of the robber, that' shall be taken with him, notv.-ithflanding the right of the king, or lord U u of

Robbery.

of the manor, or of the person lending or letting the same to hire: bntfaving the right of them from whom they may have been feloniously taken.

And if a person is killed in endeavooring to apprehend such highwayman, the (heriif shall pay the.like fnm of 40k to the executors or administrators of the person killed, upon certificate dtlivered to him under the hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the fa& was done, or the two next joftices, of such person being so killed.

If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any robbery, and afterwards discover two or more perfoos, who shall commit any robbery, so as two or more beconvifled; he shall have the king's pardon for all robberies he shall have committed before such discovery; which pardon shall likewise be a bar against any appeal for such robbery.

Robbery in the navy shall be punished with death, or otherwise, as a court martial, on consideration of the circumstances, shall find meet.

SEAMAN, having a tellimonial under the hand and seal

of a justice of the peace, setting forth the time and place of landing, and the place to which he is to pass, and limiting the time of his passage, shall not.be deemed a vagrant, while he continues in the direct way, and within the tiine limited.

Any one who shall perlonate a seaman in hisc Majesty's service, or his heir, executor, or administrator';"or shall utter or publish as true, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, any. letter of attorney, zfiignment, lad will, or any other power or 'yuthority, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money or prize-money, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

No mailer of a merchant ship shall proceed, on a voyage, without agreeing in writing with‘each mariner (apprentices excepted) to be signed by such marincrj. for'wages; on pain of 5I. for each mariner, 011 conviction before one justice by the oath of one witness, to be levied by didrefs; for want of dif. tress, to be committed till paid. '

And if the mariner desert^afttfri.hc hath signed the agreement, he shall forfeit the wages due' to him at the time of dc-lrrting; and on application tifa'juSice within tliejurisdiction where the offence was committed,‘from the mader, owner, or commander of the ship, such justice may causehim to be apprehended; and if he shall refuse to proceed on the voyage, without fnlBcient reason to the satisfaction of the judice, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction, there to be

Seamen.

kept

Seamen. .331

kept to hard labour, not exceeding 130 days, nor less than 14 days; .. 'si .-

And if any seaman absent himself from' hisiship without iG. 2. c. 36. leave, he shall forfeit for every day's absence-two. day's pay to Greenwich hospital, to be deducted by the mailer out of his wages: and if any seaman not entering into the king's service, shall leave his ship before he hath a discharge in writing,- he shall forfeit one month's pay, in like manner.

The mailer shall pay the seaman's wages, if demanded, in Id.

30 days after the ship is entered in the custom-house, or at the time of discharge, which shall first happen.

Note, This act, by 2 G. 3. c. 31. is made perpetual.

Search-Warrant.

A JUSTICE cannot legally grant a blank warrant for the „ Sl> 8 arrell of a Angle person, leaving it to the party to dll up, ' ' much less can he grant such a general warrant, as might have the effeflof an hundred blank warrants.

A justice cannot, upon a bare surmise, make a warrant to 4 j„jjt ,-7> break any man's house, to search for a felon, or for Itolen goods; for the jiiltices being created'by act of parliament, have no such authority granted to them by any act of parliament.

But in case of a complaint, and oath made, of goods Itolen, , j; ^ njj and that the party suspects that goods are in such a house, and ijo.

(hews the canfe of his suspicion, the justice may grant a warrant (in the day time) to search in those suspected places mentioned in his warrant, and to attach the goods, and the party in whose custody they are found; and bring them before him, or fomcother justice, to give an account how he came by them, and farther to abide such order as to law shall appertain.

Butin case of positive proof, it is right to execute the war- Bari. Starch rant in the night time, left the offenders and goods also be War. gone before morning.

Such warrantought to be directed to the constable, or-other xH.-ifo. public officer, and not to any private person, though it is lit the party complaining should be present and assistant, because he knows his goods.

Whether the stolen goods are in a suspected house or not, , //, ;/. ,j, the officer and his affiltants in the day time may enter, the doors -being open, to make search, and is justifiable. by the warrant.

As touching the goods brought before him, if it appear to id. the justice that-they were not stolen, they are to be reitored to the poflelTor; if it appear they were stolen, they are not to -be delivered to the proprietor, but deposited in the hand of the U u 2 Ihcrilf

Search-Warrant.

sheriff or conliable, to the end the party robbed may .proceed, by indifling and convicting the offender, to have restitution.

As touching the party that had the custody of the goods, if they were not ilolen, then he is to be discharged; if stolen, but not by him, bat by another that fold or delivered them to him, if it appear that he was ignorant that they were Ilolen, he may be discharged as an offender, and bound over to give evidence as a witness against him that fold them; if it appear he was knowing they were Ilolen, he mult be committed or bound over to answer the felony.

Servants,

Who may be compelled to serve, and for what term.

TWO jnllices (or the chief officer of a town corporate, and two aldermen, or two discreet burgesses if there be no aldermen) may appointany woman of the ageof iz years, and under 40, and unmarried, and out of service, to serve, or be retained to serve by the year, or by the week or day, for such wages, and in such reasonable sort and manner as they shall think meet.

If aperson retain a servant generally, without expressing any time, the law shall conllrueit to be for one year, for that retainer is according to law.

If a servant retained for a year, happen within the time of his service to fallfick, ortp be hurt ordifahled by the act of God, or in doing his mailer's business; yet the mailer mud pot therefore put such servant away, nor abate any part of his Wages for such time.

Rating of wages.

THE justices of every shire, the mayor and other head-officer within any city or town corporate; shall yearly in Ealler sessions, or within six weeks next after, assemble, and call unto them such discreet and grave persons as they shall think meet, and shall have authority to rate and appoint the wages of fer-, vents, labourers, artificers, workmen, &c. as they shall think meet, and what wages every workman or labourer shall take by the great, for mowing, reaping, or threlhing of corn and grain, or for mowing or making of hay, or for ditching, paving, railing, &c. by the rod, perch, or foot, and for any other kind of reasonable labour or service,

Servants; 333

The justices in any division, where the sessions-.ate kept; y j. c. 4.

shall have power to rate the: wages within fuchidivisionvi,as\if

the same were done in the general sessions for the: county> — No -

clothier; being ajustice of the peace many precin& orliberty;

shall be a rater, of wages for the making of doth.m :-d mu

If any justice resident within the county, or mayor, Ihalfbe 5 El. c. 4. absent at the rating of wages, and not hindered by sickness or other lawful cause, to be allowed by the justices then assembled for ming of wages, upon the oath and affidavit of feme credible person, he shall forfeit to the king ioj..to be recovered in the sessions or other court of record, by indiament or otherwise.

If any clothier, or other, shall refuse to pay so much wages , y. c.g, to their weavers, spinlters, workmen, orworkwoinen, as shall be rated, and be conviaed thereof by confession, or oath of two witnesses, at the assizes or sessions, or before any two justice* (1 he shall forfeit tos. to the party grieved, to be levied by distress and sale.

Working in harvest.

A person may go abroad to work in harvest, carrying with 13 S' 14 C. a. him a certificate from the minister and one churchwarden or overseer, that he hath a dwelling-house or place in which he inhabits, and hath left wife and children, or some of them there (or otherwise as his condition shall require) and declaring him an inhabitant there.

By the vagrant aft, persons carrying with him such certili- 17 G. a. c. 5. cate, shall not be liable to be apprehended as vagrants.

Servant fleeing into another {hire.

IF a justice shall issue a warrant against any person, who c. z. c. 55. shall escape into another shire, the con liable or other person, ' '5 ' on having the warrant* indorsed by a justice in such other ffiire, may arrelt him there, and carry him before a justice in such other ffiire, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, orclfelhall carry him back before a justice in the shire front whence the warrant did first issue.

Servant assaulting his matter.

IF anyfervant, workman, or labourer, shall wilfully make 3 £/. <. 4. an assault or affray upon his mailer or mistress, or upon any other having charge or overlight, and shall thereof be convicted before any two justices, or other head officer aforesaid, bycon-session, or oath of two witnesses, he shall be imprisoned for a

Se» Appendix, No. tot.

year

Servants.

year, or left, by the discretion of two justices out of a town corporate, and in a town corporate of the mayor or other head officer, with two others of the discreeteft persons of the same corporation: and if the offence shall require further punishment, then he shall receive such other open punishment, as the j offices in sessions, or the mayor or other head officer, and lie or fonr at least of the discreeteft persons of the corporation, shall think convenient for the quality of the offence.

si H. 8. c. -. ff any servant, to whom any goods shall by his mailer or ‘ mistress be delivered to be kept, shall go away therewith, to the intent to (leal the same; or, being in his mailer or mif-tress's service, without his or her assent, shall embezzle or otherwise convert the same to his own nfe, with like purpose to steal it, if the same be of the value of 40s. or above, he shall be guilty of felony; but this not to extend to any appren. tice, or any person within the age of 18 years.

Oilputes between silk-masters and their workmen.

C.EVERY silk winder and doubler, who shall purloin, em-1 T bczzle, pawn, fell, or detain any part of silk delivered to them

10 C. 2. c. 6. to wind or double, as well as the buyer and receiver thereof,

being lawfully convicted, byconfession, oroathofonewitness, before one justice (or mayor) shall render to the party grieved such satisfaction for his damage and loss, and charges, as the justice shall order; or shall immediately on conviction by con-session, or oath of one wiiness, be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, till satisfaction be given to the party wronged, or punishment inflicted as above.

1* G. -. c. 63. The wages of journeymen-weavers in the silk manufacture 3 3 in London shall be settled by the lord mayor, recorder, and

aldermen ; in the county of Middlesex, by the justices of the saidcounty; in the city and liberty of Westminster, by the justices there; within the liberty of the Tower, by the justices in and for the said liberty, at their general quarter-sessions respectively; who shall, within 14 days after, cause the same to be published thrice in any two daily newspapers in London or Westminster.

j- And if any mailer weaver shall give more or less wages than

shall be so settled, he shall, on conviction before two justices, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 50I. by distress: to be paid to the mailer of the weaver's company, for the ofeof diltrcfTcd journeymen.

Z>. And if any journeymen shall take more or less than so rated,

or enter into any combination to raise the wages, he shall, on the like conviction, forfeit not exceeding 40s. to be applied in like manner: and if not paid immediately, he shall be committed to the honfe of correction to hard labour, not exceeding three months. Two

334

Servants, 335

TtvojuHices, upon information on Oath, that there is reason 13 C. 3. c.63. to suspect, that any mailer or journeyman hath been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, may summon any clerk, apprentice, servant, or other person whose attendance appears necessary, to give evidence; and if such person shall not attend on the said summons, they shall issue their warrant to bring him before them; and if he shall refuse to give evidence, they shall commit him to the house of correction for one month, unless he shall sooner submit to be examined and give evidence.

If any mailer weaver, residing within the limits aforesaid, u, shall retain or employ any journeyman out of the said limits, ' with intent to evade this act, he shall forfeit 50I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any of the courts of record at Westminster.

No ftlk weaver, within the aforesaid diHricts, shall have jj, more than two apprentices at one' time, on pain of zol. to be recovered before two juliices, as is aforesaid.

Persons convicted before two juliices may appeal to the next u, general quarter-sessions, or next general sessions.

Disputes between clothiers and their workmen.

CLOTHMAKERS shall pay to their labourers, their wages 4. Ed. 4. c. 1. in money, and not in goods, and deliver wool to them to be wrought according to the due weight thereof; on pain of forfeiting treble value of the wages, and for every delivery of ex-cessive weight 6d.

And every justice of the peace, mayor, &c. may hear and //,

. determine differences, and commit the offender to the next gaol, till the said duties, forfeitures, and damages be paid.

Evet;y weaver, &c. who shall purloin, fell, or detain any 1 y, c. 7, part of the wool or yarn, and also the buyer and receiver thereof, knowing the same to be Itolen or purloined, being thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before two juliices, or before the mayor and one of the aldermen or moH.fubHantial persons of a town corporate, shall make such satisfaction for damages, as the said juliices or chief officers shall appoint; and if the offender do not make satisfaction, he shall for the firlk offence be apprehended and whipped, or set in the Hocks where the offence is committed, or in some neighbouring market town in the same county; and for the second offence, shall incur the like or such further punishment by whipping, or being put in the Hocks, as the said juHiccs or chief officers shall think convenient.

Every clothier, clothworker, &c. shall pay his workmen in 1 c. /?. 2. <. 1 <\ money, and not in goods, on pain of 40s. on conviction (in .* 40 days) before one justice, on oath of one witness; to be distributed, if in London, to the benefit of ChriH's hospital; else-where, to the poor where the offence shall be discovered; and

if

S36

Id.

II.

li.

Id.

19 c.

Servants.

if be shall act pay in 30 days, so be levied by the conftaf>ls>

- by warrant of such justice, by distress: and where no sufficient distress can be found, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for three calendar months.

Offences against this act shall be determined by two justices on information on oath, within three calendar months; who shall levy the penalties by distress, half to the informer, and half to the poor; for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction shall be made.

And all difpntes and demands, relating to work, wages, or damages, between any clothier or maker of woollen goods, and any wearer or other person employed in such manufactures, shall be determined by two justices, who shall on complaint summon the parties, and hear and examine on oath, and give such costs and damages to the party grieved, as they shall judgereafbnable, and issue their warrant to levy such costs and damages (if not paid in ten days) by distress; and for want of such distress, shall commit the party to the county gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made.

Persons aggrieved by order of such justices, may appeal to the next general quarter sessions, giving sufficient notice of such appeal.

This aCi does not extend to any factor of his agent, who shall be only employed in the sale of mixt or medley broad-cloth. , This act shall not extend to cloth made in Yorkshire, except to determine the forfeiture for felling cloths wanting in length, Che. and for over-stretchirig them, viz. 20s. for every inch wanting in breadth; and zos. for every half inch Ihor't in length of 1S yards; and 40s. for fixing a false mark; to be paid in 21 days, and applied as the other penalties of this act.

One justice, on information upon oath, that any person is, or is fufpccied to be, guilty of any the ill practices aforesaid, may issue his warrant to the constable or other peace officer, or to any churchwarden or overseer, directing him in the day time to enter into any house, shop, warehouse, or other fuf-peCled place, to search for and examine all such bars and weights as shall be m3de use of for the purposes before mentioned, by any such clothier or maker of woollen goods; and if such person shall interrupt the officer, he shall forfeit 5I. r. 33. If any clothier, Che. shall pay any person his wnges by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money, he shall (on prosecution in three months) forfeit 20I. to be recovered by action of debt, by any person who shall foe for the same: or otherwise, before two justices, by confession, or oath of one witness, by distress (if not paid in 14 days); and tobediftri-bated, half to toe informer, and half to the poor: and for

wan 1

Servants' .

want of sufficient didrefs, he shall be. commiucd to .the.house ofcorreftion for. anytime not exceeding, three months, or unr, til-satisfactionlhalllbeimade.: — Persons aggrieved:by the order-of the.justices may appeal, to the nextfeflions,. first. entering into, recognizance, andgiving eight days' notice in writing to the party in rvhofe favour'theorder was made, — And, the order of fession's shall be final:: and no proceedings of the justices.out of,.or in the sessions, shall: be removed by certiorari; or otherwise;iV: .1 .....-.i, .

Ifanyweaver, or other person,.employed.in.themanufac-turing of woollen cloth, or. in preparing .materials fir, that purpose, shall, not return all- working ..tools- or- implements wherewith he shall-be-intruded, and.all wool,-&c. delivered out to be wrought,' or shall fraudulently increase the weight, he shall, on conviction before one judice where the offender.

shall reiide,. by confession; or oath of one.witness, be committed to the house of correction for one,calendar month. /

If any person shall fraudulently buy orreceiv.eany,tools,im-. (

piements, or materials,' or, if any person shall be charged on: suspicion with having embezzled and kept back the wool and yarn delivered .out- to-him; or -with having fold, bought, or otherwise received the same,. and oath shall be made thereof before one judice where the offence was committed, such judice shall issue his warrant to the condable, to enter into and search in the day time the dwelling house of such person, and also such other house or place, -in which the clothier or his servant shall make oath that he hath jud cause to suspect that the said-tools-or materials may be fccreted: and if, upon search, they (halt-be found;, the coiidableilhall seize the same, and apprehend the person in whose custody they shall be found, - and bring him be. fore the same or some other judice; and unlcfshecan give a good account how he came by the same, to the satisfaction of such judice, he shall be: thereof convicted, and suffer the like punishment. as for not- returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

If the person accused shallrequed of the judice to appoint a ^ reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bought or received the same, or any witness to prove the sale or delivery thereof; the said judice shall appoint such time as aforesaid; and shall issue a summons to the condable where such person or witness shall reside, requiring them to appear at such time and place as the judice shall appoint, in order to be examined on oath of the several matters aforesaid: but such person, at the time of making the said reqtied, shall enter into recognizatice for his appearance at the time so to be set; or for want of such recognizance; he shall be committed until the said time.

Upon information on'oath made to any'judice, that there is W. jud cause to suspefl, that any ends of yarn, or other refuse of doth,' drug'get, or of other woollen goods, or of goods mixed X x with

338 Servants.

with wool, have been collefied and received, and are lodged or concealed in any dwelling-house, or other place, fuchjuf-. tice shall by his warrant cause every such place to be searched in the day time; and if any of the said goods or materials, (locks and pinions only excepted, above the quantity of three pounds shall be found therein, he shall canfe the person in whose house or other place the same shall be found, to be brought before him or i'ome other just ice-, and on proof made upon oath before such justice, that such goods or materials were found in the house or other place of such person so brought before him; the said person, not exculpating himself to thefatisMion of such justice, shallfuffer the likepunish-ment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

t+ C. 3. r.ej. The justice shall cause the conviction to be written on parchment, and filed at the next sessions: and at the time of the conviction-, shall make known to the party convicted, that he hath a right to appeal to the next sessions; who, upon proof of such notice and recognizance, shall hear and determine the matter, and may award costs to either party.

U. In case of a second offence, such justice shall commit him to

the house of correction till the next sections, or until he shall have entered into recognizance with sufficient sureties to appear at such sections, and abide the order of the justices there; and the justices shall also bind over the informer to prosecute at such sections: and if the person informed against shall be found guilty at the said sections, the justices there shall commit him to the house of correction for any time'not exceeding three calendar months. But if it appear to the said justices, that such person hath been already convicted at some sections of any offenceagainstthisafl, then they shall, upon conviction, commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding six calendar months, and also order him to be once publickly whipped at such time and place as they shall appoint. — Information upon oath to be made before a justice, within three calendar months after the offence committed.

Di foutes between mailers and servants in the woollen, linen, fullian, cotton, and iron manufactures. 1

1 A-.. ;7. 2. IF any person employed in these manufactures shall embez->- zlc or purloin any materials, and shall be convicted by oath of

oncwitnels, or confession, before one justice, he shall forfeit doable the value of the damages; and ifhe shall negleflor rc-fufeta pay the same, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction until satisfaction shall be made: and if it shall appear

Servants.

pear to the juIHce, that he is not able to make satisfaction, he shall be there, publickly whipped, and kept to hard labour not exceeding 14 day3. :

All payments to the said workmen shall be in money, and 1 An._ not in cloth, victuals,.or other commodities: and all wages, demands, frauds; and defaults of labourers, in the said manufactures, concerning work done, shall be determined by two justices, who may summon and examine witnesses on oath; persons aggrieved may appeal to thefessions to be holden next after notice of the order of the said two justices, ' -

If any person employed as aforesaid shall purloin, embezzle, 55 G' or otherwise.'illegally. dispose of any materials, and shall be convicted thereof,: he shall forfeit double value of the damages; together with such colts as the juIHce shall judge reasonable; and if not paid immediately, the said justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction,' to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding 14days; and for a second, or other, subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four times the value of the damages, together with such colts as the justice- shall judge reasonable; andif mot.paid immediately, then such or any other justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction,' to be kept to hard labour for arty time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also during the time of such commitment, shall cause him to be publickly whipped in the market town where he shall be committed, at the market place of cross,.once or oftener, as to such juIHce shall seem reasonable. — The. receivers of the same shall be fub-ject to thedike penalties. — The forfeitures by both, these acts shall be half to the party injured, and half to the poor; with the liberty of appealing to the felCons.

Disputes between mailers and their workmen in the leathern manufactures.

IF any person employed in the leathern manufactures shall W. fraudulently purloin or embezzle any wares of this kind, and be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witness, or confession, before the justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall reside, such justice may award him to make satisfaction to the party injured, not exceeding double the value, half to the party grieved, and half to the poor, together with full charges attending the conviction ; to be levied by distress and sale; and if he shall not pay immediately, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction or other public prison, to bekept to hard labour for 14 days, and whipped in such manner as the justice shall direct; and for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four

Y v - ^ tiini*.

339

*.r. 8,

Servants.

times the value of the damages, together with such costs as the julHcelhalljadgereasonable; if not paid immediately, helhall be committed to the house ofcorreftion or other public prison, to be there kept to hard labour not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also during such commitment to be publickly whipped in the market town where :he shall be committed, at the market place or cross, once oroftener, as to such joftice shall seem reafohable.

And every person who shall knowingly or willingly receive any the said goods or materials; or offer so to do.shall, on like conviction, make such reco'mpence in two days, or else be subject to such distress; and for want of sufficient.distress, be liable to the like punishment, as the person so purloining or otherwise disposing thereof; and so for the'second and every subsequent offence.

All payments to workmen employed in the said manufactures, shall be in money, and not ingoods, exceptby their own reqnest and consent; and if such labourer or manufacturer shall be guilty of any fraud, abuse, neglect, or default in the work by him undertaken to be done, he shall answer to the owner double damages.

All wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers and manufacturers in the said trades, shall be determined by two justices, who may summon and examine witnesses upon oath.

Every person employed by any one mailer, and neglecting the performance thereof, shall, on .conviction by oath of one witness before one justice, be sent to:the hoofe ofrcorre&ion, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding dne month. -Persons aggrieved by any orderof the said two justices, may appeal to the next sessions, giving eight days norice;.and the feEons may award costs to either party. — But no order of such two justices shall be appealed against, or quashed, for want of form only. . ;

Disputes between, masters and ; their workmen, in the making of hats, or in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, or silk manufactures.

«*C.e. r.*7- IF any person hired or employed in any of these manufac-17 C. ; < 5s- tores shall purloin or embezzle any of the materials with which he shall be intruded, and be convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, or confession, before two justices, helhall for theffrft offence be committed to the house of correction or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for not less than 14 days, nor more than three months; and for a fc-

cond

34°

Zi

u.

11.

u.

Servants. 341

cond or any other subsequent offence, not less than three months, nor more than six months; and the ju dices may. like-wife, for the first or any,subsequent offence, order the offender to be once publickly whipped, if such additional, punishment shall by them be deemed proper.

. The receiver of any of the said materials, knowing them to tzG.z. c.zj. be purloined or embezzled, .shall, for the first offence, forfeit *7 3* 56,

not more than 40I. nor less than zol.; the same to be applied, by direSion of the justices, in the-iirft place, to defray the expenccsof the prosecution; next, .'to make-such satisfaCtioriito the party injured as the justices shall think proper; afterwards, to the informer a furo not exceeding tel.; 'and the'remainder to the.poor.of the place where the conviction shall be, of ito such other public charity as the justices shall appoint:-and if the said penalty shall not be.paid on conviction, the justices shall commit the offender.to the house of correction oridther public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not more than six months,- nor less than three-month's,-'lUdlefs,

the penalty shall be sooner paid; or the justices may fend-hlm to the house of correction or other,public prison, for three days exclusive.of the day of commitment, with an: order that within the said.timetheoffenderihall be. once .publickly whippeff at themarket place or.-ibhie-other public-place; ;where the offender shall be committed. — For a second offence, the jilftices shall commit him to the house of correction-or other public prison, till the next general, or general quarter-sessions,?or till he shall have entered into recognizance to answer for such >1

offence at-the said felflions; and the justices there shall hearand determine the matter;--and if the person shall-be convicted;-he shall forfeit not more than tool, nor less than .50I. to betreco-vered-.and distributed dn like manner.as the,penalty for;the first-offence.

Although -the-purloined materials be worked ,-up, or other- 17G. 3. e. 56. wife-disposed of, so thatit may be difficult to convict the offender,-two justices as aforesaid, or the justices in sessions respectively, on proof upon oath that fuchperfonihathpurloined-or embezzled, or received such materials- knowing them.-to 'be purloined or embezzled, may convict the.offender, altho'- no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong; — All which.provisions shall extend to all tools-and implements; and also to all drugs or ingredients for dying, preparing, and manufacturing the same; .....

If.any person shall wilfully damnify, spoil,- ordeltroy.,-; any 21 c.i.< 17. work committed to': his " charge, he shall, on. conviction as aforesaid, - forfeit to the owner double value, -by distrefsf for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction,- to'ibe kept to- hard-labour, fonany time not exceeding three months,-or nil satisfaction be made.

If

m

TiG.-y

tjC.-y

u.

K

Servants.

t. 56.. If any person hired or employed to work up materials for any mailer, shall neglect the performance thereof for eight days fnccefiively; or haring taken in any materials for manufacture from one mailer, shall afterwards take in any from another mailer; or fufter himself to be employed in any other occupation sooner than eight days before the completion of the work -first taken; he shall be sent to the house of correction or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding three -months, nor less than one: and if any person shall receive any of the said materials in a fictitious name, in order to be manufactured, or shall receive the same in his own name, and afterwards deliver them to any other person to be manufactured'; or if any carrier, or other person employed to deliver such materials; shall deliver the same to any other person than him to whom the owner ordered them to be delivered, he shall'fuifer, as in case of neglecting performance of the work for eight days,

c. 56. It shall be lawful for the owner of the materials to enter at all seasonable hours in the day time, into the {hop, outhouse, or other place, of any person employed by him to work up any the said materials, and there to inspect the condition thereof; 'and if any person shall refuse to permit such entrance or inspec-tion, he shall forfeit any sum at the discretion of thejultices, not less than 40s.; to be levied and applied as for having materials, and not being able to give a satisfaClory account how he came by them.

. -And if any person entrusted with any of the said materials, in order to work up the same, shall neglect, for the space of eight days after the work shall be Jtnished, to return (if required by the owner), so much of the said materials as were not-used, he shall sufferas for purloining or embezzling.

Two jnllices, on complaint upon oath, that there is cause -t to suspect, that-any embezzled materials'are concealed in any dwelling-house, or other place, may by their warrant cause the same to be searched in the day-time; and if any such materials shall be found, they may cause the same and the person in whole pofiession they were found, to be brought before them or any other twojultices of the dillrifl; and if such person shall not-give an account to the satisfaction of the jtiltices hbw he came by the same, he {hail he convicted, altho' no proof shall pc given to whom the materials belong: and every peace Officer, and watchman, daring the time he is upon duty, may apprehend any person who may be'seasonably suspefited of carrying, after son-setting and before sun-rising, any such materials, and the same, together with such person, may carry before two jnllices; and if he shall not prodace the party of whom he bought or received the same, or shall not give a satis-&dory account how he came by the same, he shall be Convicted

in

Servants. 343,

in like manner, altho' no proof shall be given to avhom. such; materials belong. — Provided,. that in either, of these cases, if. the person who shall be brought before the ju dices shall request them to appoint a reasonable time to produce the person of-whom he bought or received, the same, or a witness' to prove. the sale or delivery thereof, the justices may appoint such. time, and issue asummonstothe condable where such person or, witness shall reside, requiring-him to appear and give evidence: b.ut such person, at the time of his requell, shall enter into re-cpgnizance, for his appearance at thp time; or, for want of such recognizance, shall be committed until such time appointed.

And when a person shall be convicted in either of the cases 17 G. 3. c. 56, aforegoing, the justices may cause the materials so found or seized to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers, for any time not exceeding 30 days; and in the mean time shall order them, to advertise the same in some newspaper usually circulated, there, or otherwise to cause notice to be given by some public cryer, and by fixing such notice on the church or chapel door, that those who have lod such materials may come and claim the same: and if any person can prove them to be his, the justices shall order them to be redored to the owner, he paying the charges of removing, depositing, and giving notice. — But if before the end of 30 days no person shall prove his property, the justices shall order the same to be sold, and after deducting such charges as aforesaid, together with the charges of sale, one moiety of the money anfing from fitch sale shall be given to the prosecutor, and the other moiety either to the poor where the conviction shall be, or to such pub-' lie charity as the justices shall appoint: and the offender shall forfeit for the fird offence 20I. for the second offence 30I. and for every subsequent offence 40I. — All which said respective forfeitures shall be levied by didrefs, and distributed half to the informer, and half to the poor where the conviction shall be, or to such public charity as the justices shall appoint: if no suficient didrefs shall be found, the justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or other prison, or to the house of correction, for one month for the first offence, for two months for the second offence, and for six months for every subsequent offence.

If any person employed as a journeyman dyer, servant, or U. apprentice, in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woollen, linen, fultian, cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or silk materials, shall, for his own profit, and without consent of the mader, dye any of the same, whether wrought or .unwrought, he shall for the fird offence.forfeit tos. for the second offence zos. and for every subsequent offence 40s. — Or if any person shall procure any such materials to be dyed by any such journeyman, servant, or apprentice, without consent of the

mailer,

344 Servants.

matter,' k'dhall forfeit'for the firtt.offence js.-for-'the second offence zos." and for every subsequent offence 4I.;- to be recovered as aforesaid before two justices, on the oath of one-wit-nels, to thenfe of the informer; and in' case of non-payment, oh conviction, the offender to be committed to the common gaol or hoafe of correction for any time not exceeding.one month. ;

zzG.x. c.z-;. And all contrails or agreements madein.any unlawful clubs

and societies, by any persons employed in any of the manufactures aforesaid, for settling the pricesof goods, or for. advancing their wages, or for lessening their usual hours of work, (nail be void: and if any fcch person shall be concerned in any such combination, he shall, on conviction in three calendar months, on the oath of one witness, before two justices,1 be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding three months, or to the common gaol not exceeding three months. — And if any person shall attault or abofe any matter or other person concerned in any of the said manufactures, whereby he shall receive any bodily hurt, for not complying with any such illegal bye-laws, or shall write or cause to be written, or knowingly fend or canfe to be sent any threatening letter, &c. to any such person, for not complying with any demands of his workmen, he shall, on conviction by indictment, in 12 calendar months, be guilty of felony, and transporttd for seven years.

13 C. r. :j. The matter (bail pay his workmen in money, and not otherwise: and for the more easy recovering the said wages, two jaitices upon complaint (in three months) shall summon the party offending, and for non-payment shall issue their warrant ;o levy the same by distress; and for want of sufficient diltrcfs, shall commit the offender to gaol for six months, or until he shall pay, or give full satisfaction for the same: and every person paying the same otherwise than in money, shall forfeit id. half to the informer, and half to the party grieved, by distress as aforesaid.

»7 G. 3. r. 5C. In order to recover the penalties on these acts, one justice on complaint to him on oath, may issue his warrant for apprehending the person accused, and bringing him before two justices; who shall proceed to hear and determine the offence. And any inhabitant of the parifil, township, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his being an inhabitant there.

if. The conviction shall be written on parchment, in this or the

like form: Be rensensbered, that re th; day ef

in the year of cur LcrJ , A. B. rv.ix conviBed before us ef hit rnnjf j's jufiiies of the iec.ee in and for the said county of , cf [here specify the offence,::ahd

when and where committed.'] Given under car hands and feats the day and year f.ri e'e-.v: verities:.

If

Servants. 345

tf any person shall think himself aggrieved by any order or 17 G. 3. judgment of the two justices, he may appeal (and at the time of the conviction the justices shall make known to him his right to appeal) to the next general, or general quarter sessions; such person, at the time of the conviction, giving to the justices notice in writing of his intention to appeal, and entering into recognizance with sufficient sureties to try the appeal, and to abide the judgment of, and pay such colls as shall be awarded by, the court: but if he shall not at the time of giving notice enter into such recognizance, the justices shall commit'him to the house of correction or other public prison until the sessions, unless such recognizance shall be sooner entered into. — And the justices at such sessions, upon determining the appeal, may award costs to either party.

If any person shall reel falseor short yarn, and shall be thereof *+ c- 3-convicted* by the oath of the owner of the yarn, or of one witness, or by confession, before one justice where the offence was committed, or the offender shall reside, he shall, for the ftrll offence, forfeit afum hot exceeding.20s. nor less than 5s.; for the second offence, not exceeding jl. nor less than 40s.; and for the third and every other offence, he shall be committed to the house of correction or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour for one calendar month, and beoncepublitkly whipped at-the market town nchrelt to the place where the offence was committed, on a market day: all which forfeitures shall. go to the party aggrieved.

And the conviction shall be in this form: Be it nmtmlertd, W. that on the day of in the year of our herd A. B.

is eonviSed before me one of hit majesty's justices of the

. peace, for ' [specifying the offence, and the time and place whtn and where committed, and also specifying that it is the iirft, second, or third offence against this act.] Given under mj band andfeat, the day and year first above-men'iamd.

Which conviction shall be written on parchment, and filed at Id. the next sessions.

If any persons so convicted shall be desirous of appealing to Id. the next sessions, he may, at the time of the conviction, enter into recognizance, conditioned to try such appeal, abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be adjudged by the justices at such sessions. — And the justices there shall take recognizance of the appeal, and may affirm such conviction, and award such costs as they shall think proper.

If the pecuniary penalties for reeling false or short yarn, toge- '5c-ther with the costs and charges attending the prosecution, shall not be paid according to the order of such justice, the same shall

c» 56*

a

c. 44*

3.r. 14.

Upon which Dr. Born justly observes, that It is a singular tnftance of a conviction on the oath of a person doubly interested, namely, both at owner of the goods, and as entitled to the whole forfeiture.

Yy

be

346 Servants.

be levied by distress, together with the collj and charges of dif-' tress and laic; and if goods sufficient cannot be found, fuchjuf-dee shall commit the offender to the common gaol or honfe' of correction for one calendar month, unless such penalties and charges shall be sooner paid. — And persons aggrieved on this ail may appeal to the next fefliuns, who shall finally hear and determine the matter of complaint.

Disputes between matters and their workmen, in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

19 G. 3.4.45. ALL lace merchants and dealers in lace shall pay the persons employed by them for their labour, and for all the lace bought of them, in money only, on pain of iol. to the party aggrieved; by warrant of one justice by distress; for want of fufltcient distress, shall be committed to the common gaol or honfe of correction for six calendar months, nnlefsfuch penalty, and the charges attending the recovery thereof, be sooner paid, fi Persons aggrieved may appeal to any sessions to be holden

within six months after the canfe of complaint shall arise, giving 14 days notice; and the sessions shall hear and finally determine the same, and may give colls to either party, and levy the same by distress.

Disputes between matters and their workmen in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

zj G. z. r. 7. IF any person shall purloin, embezzle, secrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any clock, watch, gold, silver, or other metal or material, or any part thereof, or any diamond or other precious (lone, with which he shall be en-trufled; and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of the owner,or other credible witness, or on confession, before one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the person so . charged shall reside, he shall for the first offence forfeit zol. and if not forthwith paid, the justices shall commit him to the house of correction or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of 14 days, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the said 14 days such forfeiture shall not be paid, the justice may order him to be publicly whipped at the market place, orfome other public place, of the city, town, or place, where he shall be committed; and fora second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit 40I. in like manner, and if not paid forthwith, the justice shall commit him as aforesaid, to be kept to hard labour for any

Servants.

347

time not exceeding three months, nor less than one mohth, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid; andif within seven days before the expiration of the time for which he shall be committed, the-forfeiture shall not be paid, the juliice may order him to be whipped in like manner, twice or ofinerj as to such juliice shall appear reasonable.

And if any person shall buy or receive any clock or watch, or *7 g. 2, e. 7. part thereof, or any diamond or other precious (lone, knowing the same to be so purloined, he shall, on the like conviction suffer as above.

One juliice on complaint to him made upon oath, of any of- Id. fence against this'ad, may ifluehis warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other juliice of the same place, the person so charged.

And the conviction shall be in this formId. Middlesex, ? BE it remembered, on the day of in

to wit. S the year of his majesty's reign, A. B. nuns

cenviSed before me [or us if mare than ear] of his majesty's

juflites of the peace for the said county of or for the

riding for division) of the said county of or for the city,

liberty, or Sonun of in the said county of (as the

case shall bp) of purloining, embezzling, or unlawfully dfpofing of, or of buying, receiving, or taking to panun (as the case shall be)

specifying the respective goods, materials, or effects, the property ofC, D. of in the county of . Given under ay

hand and stal (or our hands and fah) the day and year afart-said.

Disputes between mailers and servants in husbandry, artificers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keel-men, pitmen, glaflmen, potters, and other labourers.

ALL complaints, differences, and disputes between mailers 20 C. 2. c. 1$. or ipiftrefles and servants in husbandry hired for a year [or for less time]; or between mailers and mistresses and artificers,'and other labourers employed for any certain time or in any other manner, shall be' determined by one juliice, where the mailer or millrefs shall inhabit, although no rate or assessment of wages has been made that year; which justice shall examine on .oath any such servant or other the said persons, or any other witness touching such complaint, and make such* order for payment of wages, as to him shall seem just and reasonable, provided that the sum in question do not exceed 10I. with regard to any fer-

vant,

See appendix, No, 70.

vy =

Servants.

vsn*, nor «.-ith regard to any other persons before mentioned j and in cale of non-payment for zl days, such justice may issue his warrant so levy the same by distress.

Such justice on appl.cation or complaint on oath by any maf-ter, millreis. or employer, against any such servant,.or labourer, concerning any misdemeanor, miscarriage, or ill behaviour in his or her l'crrice or employment, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender by commitment to.the house of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour not exceeding one calendar month, or otherwise by abating some part of his or her wages, or by.discharging such servant or other the fa d persons from their service or employment.

And in like manner, such justice, on complaint or application on oath by any such servant, artificer, or other labourer, against such mailer, mistress, or employer, concerning any mifufage, refusal cf necessary provision, cruelty, or other ill treatment, may* summon such matter, mistress, or employer, to appear before him at a reasonable time to b: prefixed in such summons; and he shall examine into the matter of such complaint, and upon proof thereof made upon oath, to his satisfaction, mays discharge inch servant, or other person aforesaid, from his service and employment, which discharge shall be given under his hand and seal gratis.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by such determinat on, order, or warrant of such justice (except any order of commitment) he may appeal to the next sessions, who may award colls to either part)-, not exceeding 4os. to be levied by distress, in manner before-mentioned. — Nothing herein shall extend to the (tanneries in Devon and Cornwall.

If any artificer, callico printer, handicraftsman, miner, potter, labourer, or other person, shall contrail with any person for any time or term, and shall absent himself from his service before the term of his contrail shall be compleated, or be guilty of any other misdemeanor; it shall be lawful for one justice on complaint upon oath, to issue his warrant to apprehend such person complained of, and to examine into the nature of the complaint; and if it shall appear to such jnllice, that the person complained of hath not fulfilled his contrail, or hath been guilty cf any misdemeanor, the said justice flail.commit him to the house of correilion, for any time, not exceeding three months, nor Iefs than one month.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, giving six days notice to the justice and to the parties, and entering into recognizance, within three days after such notice, before a justice, with fumcient surety, to try the appeal at, and abide the

See appendix. No. 69. p S« appendix, No. 74.

order

Servants. 349

order or judgment of,- end pay such costs as shall be awarded by the julUces at such sessions. - :

. Taylors , and their workmen within the biljs. ‘

THE hours of work for servants or journeymen to be em- 7 c.Jl. i. r. ij. ployed in the taylor-biiftness, within London and five miles thereof, shall be from fix in the morning till seven in the evening, with an interval of one hour only for refreshment. — And the wages for the same shall be, any sum not exceeding 2s. yi. \ a day; except during the space of one calendar month from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl mar-shal in the London' gazette; and during that space, any sum not exceeding 5s. id. f.

And if any mailer shall give, or any workman within the said S G. 3.1.17. limits shall take, any more or greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall, on information or profecotion within three months, and conviction.thereof, before two justices, by confession or oath of one witness,' be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than 14 days.

Any two justices within the limits aforesaid, upon information Id-on oath made to them, that there is reason to suspect that any person hath given or received greater wages than as aforesaid, shall ifftie their summons requiring any person employed by the person so suspected to have offended, or any other person, whose attendance such informant shall think necessary for the purpose of giving evidence, to attend such. justices, or some other two justices acting for such county or place, to testify concerning the premises; and if such person shall not attend, such two justices, or any other two justices acting for such county or place, shall issue their warrant to apprehend and bring such person before them, or some other two justices acting for the said county or place, to be examined touching the premises in the said information : and if any such person . so attending, or being brought before such justices, shall refuse to be examined or give lelti-mony, he shall, by the said justices, be committed to the house of correction, until he shall submit to be examined and give tef- 1

timony as aforesaid.

The mayor, aldermen, and recorder of London, at their ge- Mineral quarter-sessions, or general sessions, shall, from time to time, on application to them made, alter, regulate, and order the wages for persons employed in the business of making men and women's clothes within London and five miles thereof, and the hours of work; and within fourteen days after making every such order, shall cause the same to he printed and

published.

publiff.cd, at the reasonable expence of the persons applying for the same, in any two daily newspapers in London or Westminster.

Nothing herein lfaall extend to regulate the wages or hoars of work of persons employed as foremen; or to hinder the paying or receiving other wages (not exceeding 6d. an hour in time of general mourning, and 3d, an hour at any other time) before or after the hours of work.

And if any matter redding within the limits shall employ any person out of the said limits, with intent to elude the act, and shall give greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 500I. with cotts, half to the king, and half to him tbac shall fuc.

Persons conrifted by the two justices as aforesaid, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions or general-sessions, giving immediate notice of such appeal, and finding sufficient security to the satisfaction of such justices, for being personally present at the said sessions, and for prosecuting the appeal with effefl, and abiding by the judgment of the court. — And the sessions may award colts to either patty — And if the conviction shall be confirmed, the appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the conviction, and until payment of colts.

Shoemakers and their workmen within the bills.

IF any journeyman Ihoemaker within the bills of mortality, shall be accused by his matter of purloining any shoes or other wares or materials, one justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall inhabit, on oath of such offence, may faromon the party, or issue his warrant to apprehend him; and if the lame is proved before him by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall award satisfaction for damages and charges, and levy the same by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall cause the offender to be whipped where the offence was committed; and for a second or other offence, he shall commit him to thehonfeof correction, not exceeding one month, norlefs than ; 4. days: and every person, who shall buy, receive, ortake in pan 11 the same, shall be subject to the lame punishment.

Two justices, on Complaint on oath, may issue their warrant for searching in the day-time for goods so purloined, and break open doors, and every person hindering such search shall forfeit 1 si. to him who shall fne in two months; and if such goods shall be found, they shall rettore them to the owner, and cause the offender to make satisfaction for the damages and charges, as aforesaid.

And every person retained by one matter, who shall suffer himself to be retained by any other, before he hath finished his

work

Servants. 351

work; shall, on conviction upon oath of one witness, before one justice, be sent to the h'ouse of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to' the next session, giving 9 G. c. *7. eight days notice.

Duty on Servants.

The cotnmidioners of the duties upon houses and windows g. 3. e. 39. shall be of to put this act in execution.

Prosecutions under this act, within the limits of the excise- ai C.3.V.31. office, shall be determined by the commissioners of excise, and in other parts of the kingdom, by any two or more of the justices of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, whose judgment therein shall be final.

It shall be lawful for the said of and justices, Ii, where they shall feecause, to mitigate or lefl'en any penalties and forfeitures, in such manner as they shall think lit, the reasonable costs and charges of the prosecution being allowed, over and above such mitigation, so as not to reduce the penalty to less than one fourth part thereof, over and above the said cods nnd charges; one moiety thereof to and for the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the dif-covercr or informer of the same.

The two above cited acts being repealed, it was enacted, that 15 G. 3. r. 43. from and after July 5, 1785, the following duties are to be paid for all male servants, not employed in hulbondry: for one or two, il. 5s. each; for three or four, il. 10s. each; five to seven, il. i;s. each; eight to ten, 2I. each; for eleven, and upwards, 3I. each.

An additional ll. 5s. is to be paid for every male servant retained by unmarried men above 21 years of age.

Prom and after the ;th day of July, 1785, every person who shall retain or employ any one female servant, and not more, shall, for such female servant, pay annually the sum of 2s. fid.; for two, 5s. each; for three or more, 10s. each.

And male persons unmarried, above 21 years of age, shall pay pay an additional 2s. fid. for one female servant; 5s. each, for two female servants;-and 10s. each, for three or more female servants.

The duties granted by this act are not to extend to servants employed, bona fide, in husbandry, dairy, or manufacture, or

any

352

*5 C. 3. c.

Servants.

any trade or calling (other than waiters) by which the matter or mistress of such servant shall earn a livelihood or profit.

The duty for every coachman, groom, pottillion, or helper, let out to hire by way of jobb, shall be paid by the matter or miilrefs, for whose nfe and in whose {entice they shall be employed respectively; and the doty hereby granted for every gardener. retained or employed by any person or persons who shall contrafi for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the person or persons for whose use and in whole garden such gardener shall be employed.

Nothing in this ail shall extend to exempt any person or persons from the payment of any of the duties granted by this act, in respect of any servant, under pretence that such servant is or shall be bound as an apprentice to such person or persons; save and except such apprentices as are or shall be imposed upon any mailer or mistress, by magistrates and parish officers, so as the number of such apprentices, so imposed upon any mailer or mistress, does not exceed two: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt any such apprentice or apprentices who is or are employed as livery servants.

This act shall not extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, the butler or butlers, manciple, cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, or porter or porters, of any college, or hall, within either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or St. Andrews, in Scotland, or of the several colleges of Westminster, Eaton, or Winchester: or the servants of his majesty, or any of the royal family; or of any ambattador or foreign minifier re-{icing in the kingdom of Great Britain.

Nothing herein contained shall extend to any of the royal hospitals of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Beihlem, Saint Thomas, in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or Gey's, or the Foundling hospital.

One servant of any officer under the rank of a field officer, shall not be liable to the duties; nor one servant of any officer disabled in his majesty's service, and on half pay.

Every person who shall have living in their houses two or more lawful children or grand-children, nnder the age of 14 years, shall, in respect of every two such lawful children or grand-children, be exempted from the payment of the dudes by this act imposed for one female servant; and so in proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of dnty in the manner herein-before provided, for every two such children or grand children.

Female servants above sixty years of age, or under 14, are not liable to the duties.

The

Servants*

The duties charged by this act are to be- collected.by, such 5 persons, and paid into the exchequer under such -penalties, &c. as are appointed for the duties on houses and windows.1 — The of of the aforementioned duties on houses, shall be of for putting this act in execution.

The first meeting shall be on or before the 5th day of July,

1785,.and afterwards yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said of for the time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before thp 30th day of April.

The of, on default of meeting on the day above-mentioned, may meetafterwards, &c. in order to execute the powers of this act, so as that the said duties charged by this act may be duly and effectually afi'effect, raised, levied, and paid to his majesty, his heirs and successors, notwith. Handing any such default or defect as aforesaid.

No person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, (except in administering the oath herein after express'ed) until he shall have taken the several oaths re-quifttc to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, and windows or lights; and also shall have taken the following oath:

I A.B. do /war, that I 'mill truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the 25th year of hing George the third, to repeal the duties on male servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants; and that 1 'will determine upon all appeals which shall he brought before me, under the said all, according to the best of my fill and knowledge. So help me God,

Which oath any two or more of the of are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall act as a commissioner for the execution of this act, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of tool.

The assessment of the duties charged by this act shall be made for one year, from the jth day of April in every year.

The said duties shall be paid at the times and in the proportions following, (that is to say) quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the 10th day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said quarterly payments to be made on the 10th day of October, 17S3.

If there shall be a neglect of appointment of assessors of the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or if the assessors appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act, the surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights,

'/ v. or

353

5C.3.C.43.

Servants.

or any of them, shall perform such and the like services as, by the said acts or any of them, are required from such assessors.

Every person so appointed or to be appointed alfclTor, or any surveyor or inspector hereby authorised to act as an assessor, shall, before he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besidestheoathsoraffirmations required to be taken by assessors by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form:

I A.B. dofwear, [or affirm, as the case may require], that in the assessment which I am required to make by authority of an act made in the 2 ^th year of king George the third, to repeal the duties on male servants; and for charging new duties upon male and female servants; I will aB according to the left of my Jiiil and ino--.'.'ledge.

So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commiflt-oners are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person shall presume to act, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of 20I.

The said of naming in their precepts whom they shall think fit to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall cause notice to be inserted, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the duties granted by this act.

Assessors shall, within 14 days after such their appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any male or female servant liable to the duties granted by this act, within the limits of the places for which such affeffors are to act, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare or produce, within 14 days, separate lifts in writing of his or her male and female servants retained or employed within such limits, describing the christian name and surname of each servant, and the capacity in which each shall have been retained or employed, and to contain the greatest number of servants, male and female, which such person shall have retained or employed at any one time in the course of the year ending the ;th day of April preceding such notice; and every such person Stall, after such notice lb given or left, make out the said lifts, and lign the same with his or her own name, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to fuclt assessor or assessors, who are hereby required and directed to call for the same. — If any such person shall neglect or refuse to make out such lifts, the aflcShr or assessors. shall, from the bell information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such per-

Servants.

ion, in respect to the number of male and female servants; and every such a (Toil men t shall be final upon the person thereby charged, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall alledge and prove such excuse for not hav-ingdelivered his or her lilt, as the of for executing this act shall think reasonable and sufficient.

If any person, having been assessed under this act in one pa- 15 G. rifli for his or her servants within the same, shall be again affcffed in another, for such servants, or any of them; the of present, or the majority of them, on any application for the purpose, are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, on proof that such person has paid the said duties in another place, to the satisfaction of the of present, or the majority of them.

Every person called upon to give lifts, shall, at the same jj. time, make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the number of servants respectively he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular parishes or parish, districts or district, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other servants respectively, so as that every such lift or declaration shall contain the whole number of servants retained by such mailer or mistress within the kingdom of Great Britain; and the said assessors shall enter the lift or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver the said lift or declaration to the surveyor for each parish or district, in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the of for managing the affairs of taxes.

The assessors shall be at liberty, if they shall find that any servant or servants is or are omitted in such lifts, to surcharge the same.

The alienors shall deliver their assessments to the commilfi- U. oners within three months after their appointment, which of are to sign the same, and appoint collectors, &c. who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors under the before mentioned acts may inspect the IJ. lifts before they arc signed, and amend them; and if they discover any omilfions after the lifts are signed, they are to ccr-tify the same to the of.

Where any person liable to deliver such lifts or declaration /</ as aforesaid to the assessors, shall refuseor neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift or lifts, or declaration, to such assessoror assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 10I.

And where any assessor or surveyor shall make a surcharge IJ. upon any person, such surcharge shall be made after the rate of double the duty of the servant so omitted; and the assessor or surveyor so making such surcharge, shall have and receive Z 2 2 for

355

3.r. 43.

356

*5 G. ; r. 11.

11.

11.

Servants.

for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every fur-charge which shall be justly made upon any such lilt or de. clara tion.

Inhabitant householders are to deliver lifts of lodgers who keepfervants, containing the names of the parties, on penalty of iol.

Persons over-rated may appeal to the of; and the said of, or any two or more of them, shall hear'and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her lift or lifts, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall notassign sufficient causefor such omiiiion. At the time of hearing the same appeal, a list or lifts shall be produced, by or on the part of the appellant, upon his or her oath, of the greatest number of servants, liable to the aforesaid duties, of such appellant, within the district or limits of the place where such appeal shall be made, which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every year, with such description and explanation, and also such lift or declaration as to other districts, as is herein-before required; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined, on the days appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein-before mentioned with re-lpeft to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

Commissioners are not to make any abatement in the charge, &c. unless it shall appear, on oath, that the appellant is overrated.

Every person intending to appeal shall give at the lead ten days notice thereof to the surveyor, or assessors, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor, inspector, and assessor, and appellant, shall have full liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and the determination of the said of on the same — -The said of, upon every such appeal, although they shall confirm the fur-charge of such assessors, or surveyor or inspector, may remit and llrike off the penalty herein-before directed to be paid to such assessor, &c. surcharging such lift, if any doubt shall arise, whether the servant so surcharged was rateable within the meaning of this act.

If such surcharge was falsely and vexatiously made, then, such surveyor, &c. so surcharging, shall forfeit and incurfuch penalties and punishment, as in and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, aredirested to be infiifted on surveyors, or inspectors or assessors, for neglect of duty.

All appeals, once heard and determined by the said of of this act, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed

Servants.

pointed for hearing appeals, shall be final, except that per-1‘ons dissatisfied may, in England, appealto the court of king's bench; and in Scotland, to the court offelfion.

notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the 25 c. said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said of shall stand, with respect to the payments which shall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

The monies arising from this act shall be paid into the exchequer, and entered separate from all others.

Fifty-one thousand pounds, part of the duties arising by this act, shall be carried to the fund, commonly called the sinking fund; and the remainder of the duties shall be a fund for the payment of the annuities, payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intitled, Ana8 fir granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, 'victualling, and tran/fort bills, and ordnance debentures.

Every penalty above twenty pounds, shall be recovered, in England, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; or in the court of session, in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information; one moiety of every penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Where the penalty doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof, either by confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of non-payment shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of fufli-cient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of such county, division, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such justices shall think most proper.

All constables and headboroughs, and other his majesty's officers, are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them di-rested by the respective of hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

3 57

3- ‘43-

All

Servants.

All actions, Tints, or informations, for any offence against this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any 'clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons may,plead the general issu'e, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

N. B. It may not be improperin this place to take notice, that where persons partially employing a gardener, not living in the family, to take care of their garden, in common with other gardens, or employing the same person by the year, or otherwise, to take care of the garden, and to do other services in husbandry, &c. have thought themselves aggrieved, by being charged with the duties on servants, and the matter has been referred to the judges; the determination has been given in favour of the assessor; altho' in some cases fix different persons are assessed for employing the same gardener, whether by the year, month or week: but under-labourers by the week are not included.

Every person, who shall have living in their houses two or more lawful children or grand children, under the age of fourteen years, shall, in respect of every two such lawful children or £iand children, be exempted from the payment of the duties by the said act imposed for one female servant; if any person, having two such lawful children or grand children, shall have one female servant, and not more, he or ihc shall be wholly exempted from the duty thereby imposed; if any person, having two such lawful children or grand children, shall have two female servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one female servant, at the same rate as if he or she retained only one female servant, and no more; and so in proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner in the former act provided, for every two such children or grand children.

Sessions.

THE sessions of the peace is a court of record, holden before two or more justices, whereof one is of the quorum, for execution of the authority given them by the commission of the peace, and certain statutes and acts of parliament.

Such

Sessions. 359.

Such sessions only are properly called general quarter feffi- 2 Raw, 42. ons, which are holden in the four quarters of the year, in pursuance of the 2 H. 5. any other sessions holden at any other time for the general execution of the justices' authority, may be properly called general sessions, and those holden on a special occasion for the execution of some particular branch of their authority, may properly be called special sessions.

The justices shall keep their sessions in every quarter of the 12 R. 2. c. 10. year at least, and for three days, if need be; to wit, in the first week after the feast of St. Michael, in the first week after the Epiphany, in the fi.rft week after Easter, and in the first week after St. Thomas, and more often if need be.

Except in Middlesex; where the justices shall keep their 14 H. 6. c. 4. sessions twice in the year at least, and more often (if need be) for any riot or forcible entry within the said county.

N. B. How many adjournments soever shall be holden af- Rum, ml. terwards in that quarter of the year, all shall refer to the first f. 181. commencement of the sessions.

Any two justices, one whereof is of the quorum, by the # words of the commission of the peace, may issue their precept to the sheriff to summon a session, for the general execution of their authority; and such session, holden at any time within that quarter of a year, is'a general quarter session.

Any two such justices may direct their precept under their 5 telle to the sheriff, for the summons of the sessions, thereby commanding him to return a grand jury before them, or their fellow justices at a certain day and place, and to give notice . to all stewards, constables, and bailiffs of liberties, to be present and do their duties at such day and place, and to proclaim in proper places throughout his bailiwick, that such sessions will be holden at such day and place, and to attend there himself to do his duty.

And such precept should bear telle, or be dated, fifteen days An/, intrant before the return. jS'

The sheriff also shall cause a jury to appear at such days and £««* places, as the said justices, or such two or more of them as aforesaid shall appoint.

1. The justices of the peace are compellable to appear at the Dak. c. 185. sessions; for without their appearance the sessions cannot be

holden.

But a justice ought not to join in an order at sessions wherein 2 Sail.607. himself is concerned, nor ought his name to be in the caption.

— An order was quashed for that reason.

2. The custos rotulorum ought to be there himself, or by bah. c. 185. his deputy, who is the clerk of the peace. — 5. The sheriff

also, by himself or his deputy; to receive the fines, to return jurors, to execute process, and what else to his office doth appertain. — 4. All coroners. — j. The high constables, and all

other

36°

Sessions.

Deli. c. 185.

zzG.

<6.

X. Rzjn. <*5* I H. H. 579.

Dell. c. 19 r.

i Se!i. £c6.

z Ih-j. 41, 41.

"1 J- c' z h.

4«

S'jt c. r. z. 1:6.

*49. ple-

ather officers to whom any warrant hath been directed, in Order to make return thereof. — 6. All bailiffs of hundreds and liberties, as they are bound to give an account of all sessions-process. — 7. The gaoler, to bring thither his prisoners, and to receive such as may be committed. — 2. The keeper of the house of correction, to give in a calendar and account of persons in his custody. — 9. All persons returned by the sheriff, by virtue of the aforesaid precept. — And the jurors not appearing according to their summons, are punishable by loss of issues, which usually make part of the eltreats of sessions. — 10. All persons returned by recognizance to answer, or to prosecute and give evidence.

All persons may freely attend at the felSons for the advancement of public justice, and for the service of the king. — And they are invited thither by a certain freedom of access, and by protection from common arreff.

No person shall act as solicitor, attorney, or agent, or sue out any process at any general or quarter-sessions, either with respect to matters of a criminal or civil nature, unlessheis admitted znd inrolled according to law; on pain of 50I. to him who shall sue in tz months, with treble costs.

Where authority is given to two justices to do any-act, the sessions may do it in all cases, except where appeal is directed to the sessions.

Justices may issue their warrants for apprehending persons charged of crimes within the cognizance of the sessions, and bind them over to appear there, although the offender be not

yet indicted.

If jurisdiction be given to the sessions, to hear and determine, ana doth not say by information, this shall be by indict-ment, and not upon information.

The sessions is alias one day, and the justices may alter their judgments, at any time whilftit continues.

It feerr.eth certain, that the sessions hath no authority to amerce any justice, for his non-attendance at the sessions, as the judge, cf assize may for the absence of any such justice at the gaol delivery: hair fares r.m if; fsttjias.

The sessions may proceed to outlawry in cases of indictments found before them: but they cannot issue a tafias utlagatum, but mud return the record of the outlawry into the king's bench, r.r.d thence process of tafias utlagatum shall issue.

The sections cannot award an attachment for contempt-in not compiling with their orders; but the ordinary and proper method is by indictment.

The indices are no: punishable for what they do in sessions: unless there be some manifest act of oppression, or wilful abuse of power.

The

I

Sessions.

361

SFJ.t.u 1 G. e. 5.

9 G. c. :z. life' zJF c.\$ % 30 C. I. c. 3. 4^5 Jy. c. 24. j&S'JV. c. 3a.

3 s' 4///:. c iS.

3C.: sG. a.

a5.

is'.'

The justices being met, the usual course is with three o-yes B„/, c> ,sJ( to proclaim the sessions, and then read the commission of the peace: then the grand jury are called and sworn, and the charge given to them.

If there be any who are to take their oaths, in order to qua- a5 C. a. c. a lify them for offices, this mull be done between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and not otherwise.

The king's proclamation against profaneness and immorality is also to be read; and likewise divers acts of parliament; against popery, the riot aft, the black aft, the act about ale meaftires, and about burying in woollen, are required to be given in charge at the sessions; the acts concerning jurors are to be read in Midsummer sessions yearly; and the Statute against bribery and corruption in eleflior.s of members of parliament is to be read at every Easter sessions.

Then the recognizances may be called, especially such as jbait. are to prosecute and give evidence, thatfo bills may be drawn and prepared.

Upon appeals to be made to the sessions against judgments or 5 orders, the justices shall cause any defect of form in such original judgments or orders, to be rectified and amended, and then shall proceed upon the merits.

In case of trespass and aflfault, the court frequently recomi Cn.Cir. 5! mends to the defendant to talk with the prolocutor, that is; to make amends for the injury done him; and if the prosecutor comes and acknowledges a satisfaction received, the court will only set a small fine on the defendant.

Sometimes the prosecutor and defendant agree, before the U. defendant pleads to the indictment; and then the defendant comes into court in his proper person, and pleads guilty to the indictment; and upon proving, by a subscribing witness, a general release executed by the prosecutor, the defendant fub-mits to a small fine, such as the court is pleased to impose.

Sewers.

FOR one year after the expiration of a commission of few- 13 El. c. g.

ers, the justices of the peace, or fix of them, (z‘£.)may execute the powers of the said commission, unless anew commission shall be issued in the mean time.

For the power and authority of these of, fee 23 H. 8. c. ;. 25 H. 8. c. to 3 IS 4 Ed. 6. c. 8. 7. An. c. to.

— Besides which general acts, there are others which concern the cities of London and Westminster only, and other places within the bills of mortality.

A a a

Sheep.

362

Sheep.

zz

>C. 2.

14. (7. 2. c. 6.

IF any person shall in the night-time maliciously and willingly kill any sheep, he shall be guilty of felony; but to avoid judgment of death, he may make his election to be transported for seven years. — And three justices (1 S>.) may hear and determine the same.

If any person shall in the night-time maliciously maim; wound, or otherwise hurt any sheep, whereby the same is not killed, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages, by action of trespass or on the case.

If any person shall drive away, or (leal any sheep or lamb; or shall wilfully kill any sheep or lamb, with a felonious intent to Seal the carcase or any part thereof; or shall assist in committing any the said offences; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any such offender, shall have a reward of 10I.; in order to which, he shall have a certificate signed by the judge, before the end of the a Sizes, certifying such conviction, and where the offence was committed, and that the offender was apprehended and prosecuted by the person claiming the reward; and if more than one claim the reward, he shall therein appoint what share shall be paid to each claimant: which certificate being tendered to the sheriff, he shall pay the same within a month, without deduction, on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

Sheriff.

3::.

2 IU-j. 86.

2 lU-a.t, i.

2 i.'jc. 14;.

1 HUr.ftJ. 2i

THE sheriff hath a jurisdiction both in criminal and civil cases; and for this purposehe hath two courts, his torn fur criminal caules, which is therefore the king's court ; the other is his county court for civil causes, and this is the court of the sheriff himself.

The sheriff having a justice of the peace's warrant directed to him, shall execute the same; he need not go in person to execute it, but may authorize another to do it.

On summons, he is bound to attend the sessions of the peace, there to return his precepts, to take the charge of the prisoners, to receive fines for the king, and the like.

It seems clear, that the Ihcriff ispunishable by the justices in fclfions, for defaults in executing their writs and precepts.

No sheriff (haliexercise the office of a justice of the peace, in any county wherein he is sheriff, and in such case, his acts as a justice shall be void.

If

Sheriff. 363

If the gaoler suffer a felon voluntarily to escape, this, inaf--, h. H. 597. much as it reacheth to life, is felony only in the gaoler, but the sheriff may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

Shire-Hall.

THE julHcea in sessions, on presentment of the grand-jury 9 G. 7. < 20.

at theaflizes, of the ill Hate and condition of the Ihirc-hall, or other building commonly used for holding the assizes, and the neceflityof repairing the same, may order it to be repaired in such manner as they shall think fit, and the money to be levied as for other county rates. , .

If there be occasion for sudden repairs, (which will not coll jj. more than 30I.) two justices, after having viewed the same, an estimate having been made by able workmen of the expence thereof, may order it to be repaired, and the money to be levied as aforesaid, in like manner as if it had been prefen ted by a grand jury.

But where the same hath for time out of mind been repaired JJ. at the expence of any particular places or persons; or any particular places or persons are bound by law and ancient usage to furnish the same with benches, tables, rails, or other fixtures, they shall continue liable as before.

The justices in their quarter-sessions may direct the shire-' ly C. 3. r. 59. hall or other court of justice, within their jurisdiction, to be properly ventilated: the expences thereof to be paid out of the general county-rate.

Shop-Tax.

BY this act, from July 5, 1785, the following duties shall ; 5 G. 3. r. 3°. be paid for all Ihops throughout Great-Britain j viz.

From the yearly rent of 5I. to 10I. — 6d. in the pound: 10I. to 15I. — is. in the pound: 15I. to 20I — is. 6d. in the pound: 20I. to 25I. — is. jd. in the pound: 25I. and upwards, 2s. in the pound.

The above duties to be paid in addition to those granted by 6 Geo. 3, c. 38; 19 G. 3,_e. 59; and 24 G. 3, c. 38.

The duties shall be paid quarterly, by the occupiers, and not by the landlords who shall have let the houses, &c. except where houses are divided into different apartments.

Houses with (hops, are to be assessed under this act according to the assessment for the house-duty by 19 G. 3. — But any building or place, subject to this tax as a Ihop, shall be assessed A a a 2 to

Shop-Tax.

r. 3c. to the duties on Jer this act, according to its full yearly rent or value.

Warehouses, in separate buildings, are not chargeable; nor bakers' ihops where bread, dour, meal, bran, and rubbles only are made or fold.

The duties are to be aifelfed and collected, &c. according to the methdds prescribed by 20 G. 2, c. 3; e. 42; 21 G. 2, 1. to; 26 G. 2, r. 17; 31 G. 2, c. 22; 2 G. 3, r. 8; and the acts of 6, 19, and 24 G. 3.

In consideration of the extraordinary care and pains requi-fne in making and adjefting the firit assessment, the aiTefior or assessers shall hare an allowance fcr fuel, uric assessir.ent ofthree-pence cn each house, from the respective receivers-general, their deputy cr deputies, who shall be allowed the same in parting their accounts.

The of authorized or appointed, or who shall be authorized or appointed hereafter for putting in execution the acts, concerning the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall be of for putting in execution this present act; and the said of shall meet for the first time on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, and shall in like manner meet yearly and every year, at such days cr times as the said conttnissioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to act in separate diitricls.

If, by any neglect or default, there shall not have been a meeting of the said of within the time or times directed by this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, cr any two or more of them, to meet and execute the said powers at any other time or times; and they are hereby authorized and required, as„soon as may be after‘the time or times at which such meetings shall have been held, to meetand execute the same.

Provided, that no person presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act (except in administering the oath of qualification) until he shall have taken the several oaths required to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, and windows or lights, and also shall have taken the following oath; (that is to say),

/ A. B. do Jwcar, that I will truly and faithfully execute the cjjice cf a commijf.cnsr, according to an act, made in the twenty fifth year of King George the Third, for granting to his majesty certain duties cn fheps within Great Britain; and will determine ufsn all appeals, which shall he brought before me under the said gd, aec'.rdir.g to the beji of my skill and knowledge.

So help me God.

Which

Shop-Tax.

Which oath any-two or more, of the of are hereby 25 C. authorized to administer. — -The penalty on ailing before taking the oath is tool.

The of shall cause notice to be given to the inhabitants of the parishes or places within their respective districts or divisions, whom they shall think lit to be presentors or nffeffors, under the acts charging duties on houseo, &c. that such persons are also appointed alfclfors of the duties upon houses, buildings, and places, within this ail.

If there shall be anegleil in appointing assessors for the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, orif the assessors appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this ail, then the surveyor, or the inspeilor appointed by the acts, relative to the duties on houses and windows. See. shall do or perform such and the like services as by this ail is required from such assessors; and shall be intitled to the same reward as is hereby provided for the assessors for the said (irll assessment under this act.

‘ The assessor's oath to be administered by two or more of the of, is as follows:

I A.B. do/wear, (or affirm, if a quaker), that in the assessment which, by authority of an aSl made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of ting George the third, for granting to his majesty certain duties on flaps unit bin Great-Jlritain, I flail make upon the houses, buildings, and places, liable to any of the said duties, within the distriB or parish for which 1 am appointed an affieffor, / will rate each at the true annual value, according to the beflof my judgement and ft ill', and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trnjls reposed in me by virtue of the said act.

So help me God.

The penalty on the assessor's ailing before taking the said oath, is 20I.

The assessors shall certify the number of buildings and places respectively charged by virtue of this ail, which are not already charged to the duty on inhabited houses; and shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in every year, deliver the certificates or assessments, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the said of, or any two or jnore of them.

The said of shall, within the space of one calendar month next after the receipt of the same, or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge orfurcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by the surveyor or surveyors, or inspeilor or inspeilors, testifying their allowance of the same; they shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons named in each of such affefTments to be collectors, or any other two such persons as ther 1 (I, n

5e5

3.r. 30.

366

s5 C- 3- '

Shop-Tax.

j0> shall think able and responsible, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties hereby assessed, and to give acquittances for the same; for whose payment of such money as they shall be charged with under this act, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall be answerable.

In all places, being extra-parochial, the said of, or any three of them, shall nominate and appoint two lit persons, living in or near the said places, tobeafleflors; and also shall appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the same.

Commissioners are to peruse the annual assessments, and may summon before thempersons suspected to be under-rated; and may enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish, the assessments when found to be erroneous, and after perusal thereof, shall set their hands to such aflefimenis, to testify their allowance thereof.

The surveyors and inspectors are empowered to examine the assessments before they are ligned by the of; and if any omissions are discovered, they shall be supplied by a fur-charge.

Any two of, aflelfors, surveyors. &c. shall be permitted toinfpeft parish rates, and take extracts from them; and if any personor persons, in whose custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said inspection, or the copies or extracts to be made, every person so refusing, shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

Occupiers are not to be charged to the poor's rates, or highways, for the duties imposed by this act; nor shall the payment of rates, granted by this act, affect the settlement of persons so paying them.

Persons over-charged may appeal to the of, who are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals, on the days appointed, and in the manner directed, in the several acts herein-before mentioned with respect to the rates and duties on houses, and windows or lights, thereby granted.

The of, or any of them, are hereby authorized and impowered, upon every appeal, to abate or diminish any such assessment as they shall think proper; and every person intending to appeal to the said of, shall give, at the lea!!, ten days notice thereof to any assessor, &c. of such intention to appeal; and such alfclfor, &c. and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and whilil the said of shall be determining the same.

All appeals, once heard and determined by the said of, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them then present oa the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final, except that if any such af. feifor, &c. or the persons so appealing, shall apprehend the

determination

Shop-Tax. 367

determination made by the said of to be contrary to t5 c. 3. r. 30. the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, a further appeal is allowed in England or Wales, to ohejulticebf the king's bench, &c. and in Scotland, to a‘ judge of the court of session, or a baron of the exchequer.

Every penalty or forfeiture, of a greater sum than twenty pounds, shall be recovered in the courts of record at Westmiri-iter; or in the court of session, in Scotland; and one moiety shall belong to his majesty, the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Penalties not exceeding 20I. are recoverable before two justices, either by the voluntary confelGon of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or wi tnelTes; and one moiety shall belong to his majesty, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in default of payment, may be levied by distress; and for want of fulEcient distress, the offender shall he sent by such justices to the county prison. See. for any time, not exceeding six months, nor lefts than one month, as such justices shall think moll proper.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions.

Persons Summoned as witnesses who shall neglect to attend without a reasonable excuse, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of 40s.

The julliccs may mitigate penalties to one half, over and above all colts and charges.

Constables, and other officers, are hereby required to be aiding in the execution of this act.

All actions, for any offence again!! this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times befued, molested, orpro-fccuted, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue; and if a verdict shall pals for the defendant or de- ' fondants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue an action, or shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

Silks.

NO person shall exercise the trade of a silk thrower, un- 13 S' 14 C- !-lefts he hath served seven years apprentice ship; on pain c- ‘S-oft 40s. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record, or at the assizes, or quarter-sessions of the peace.

No foreign silks, called alamodes or luteftrings, shall be g&ioW'. c.tf. imported, but in the port of J.ondon, on notice first given

to

368

S!» 10 O', t. 4;

u.

u.

3 G. 3. ki. 3 G. 3. c. 43.

II.

u.

11.

Silks.

to the of of the customs, and licence had from them.

And if they be imported elsewhere, or without such notice and licence, and the duties paid, they shall be forfeited, or the value thereof, and be fold and exported again; and the offender, and also the receiver and person offering to fell the same, shall forfeit 500I. — And the of shall cause them to be marked and sealed: and if any person shall counterfeit the ctiftom-hoofe seal, or seal of the luteftring company, he shall forfeit 500I. and be set in the pillory two hours. — Any person, who shall buy and sell, or have in his custody any alamodes or luteftrings, sealed or marked with a counterfeit seal or mark, shall forfeit the same and tool.

Any person authorized by a writ of affiffance under the seal of the exchequer, or with a constable or other public officer, inhabiting near the place, with a warrant from a judice of the peace, and in the day-time, may enter any house, (hop, or other place, to search for and seize any alamodes or lute, firings imported contrary to this act, or not sealed or marked, or marked with a counterfeit mark or seal, and in case of re-fi(lance may break open doors, chests, trunks, and other package; and every justice shall grant such warrant to any credible person, making oath that he hath reason to suspect or believe, that there are some of the said silks so fraudulently imported or not sealed and marked, or sealed or marked with a counterfeit seal or mark in the place or places where he intends to search.

The said penalties shall be two thirds to the king, and one third to him that shall seize or sue in any court of record.

3 If any person shall import any ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made in Great-Britain, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs; and the importer, vender, and retailer, in whose custody they shall be found, shall forfeit respectively zool. with cods. — Half the said penalties to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall inform and prosecute.

When the goods seized (being out of the limits of the bills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of zol. two justices, on information before them that such goods were seized as unduly imported, may hear and determine the same, and proceed to condemnation or discharge.

And after seizure, until condemnation or discharge, the said goods O12II be depodted in one of the king's warehouses, if the seizure be within the bills of mortality; elsewhere, in the hands of the chief magistrate or condable: and the same shall be free to inspection, with leave of the court, judge, or indices, before whom the prosecution shall be.

And after condemnation, the said goods shall be publicly sold by the candle for exportation; half of the produce by such

sale

3^9

Silks.

sale to be to the king; and half to the officer who shall fci?e andfecure the same.

And on information in writing upon oath, before two justices, that there is good reason to suspect, that such ribbands, laces, or girdles have been imported, and are in the pofiession of any retailer or feller of ribbands, &c. they may issue their warrant to the eonltable or other peace officer, impowering him to search, in the day time, the houses, outhouses, and other places of such persons, and (if the same shall be found) to seize and carry away the same, and dispose thereof as is aforesaid.

If any person in whose pofiession such goods shall be seized, shall discover upon oath before one justice the person who fold the same to him, so as he may be convicted as the feller thereof; such person shall be discharged of all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act on venders or retailers having such goods in their pofiession.

. If any foreign manufactured lilk (lockings, silk mitts, or (ilk gloves, shall be imported into this kingdom, or any part of the British dominions; the same shall be forfeited, and liable to be searched for and seized as other uncustomed goods: and every person who shall import the same, or be assisting therein; and the venders and retailers in whose custody they shall be found, or who shall sell or expose the same to sale, or conceal them with intent to prevent the forfeiture, shall, over and above the forfeiture of the goods, forfeit 200I. with colts; half to the king, and half to the officer who shall inform and prosecute.

And when the goods seized (being out of the limits of the bills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of 20I. twojultices may proceed to the condemnation thereof: And the proceedings in all other respects, shall be in like manner as in the case of ribbands and laces above-mentioned.

Slander.

WORDS which directly tend to a breach of the peace, as if one man challenge another, are cognizable before justices of the peace, for which the party may be bound to the good behaviour, and even indicted.

But if they do not tend directly to a breach of the king's peace, but are matters only of private Hander between party and party, .which no way-afieft the publick administration of justice; justices of the peace have not any jurisdiction at all in l'uch' matters.

3 C. 3. c.zi.St 5 G. 3. c. 4?.

Id.

Id.

U.

t Salk. 698. t Kti. 931.

Id.

Bbb

Slaughtering

Slaughtering Horses.

TH'ROM July io, 1786, every person keeping a llaughtering X* house, shall take out a licence for that purpose, at the general quarter felhons for the county, &c. wherein such (laughtering house shall be situate; upon a certificate, under the hands and fcals of the minille.-and churchwardens, or over-seers, or of the miniller and two or more substantial house-holders of the parish wherein the persons applying for such licence shall dwell, that such persons are fit and proper to be trailed with the management and carrying on such bulinsfs-

Every such licence shall be signed by the justices of the peace assembled at such general quarter sessions, or by the major part of them; and a copy of every such licence shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the peace; and all persons shall have liberty, at all times (Sundays excepted), between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, to search the office of such clerk of the peace, and to make an extract or extrafls from the same, paying for every such search the sum of sixpence.

Persons licensed shall affix to their houses the words Licensed for jlaugbtering hirjes, pursuant to an act passed in tie twenty-Jixlk year of bit Majesty King Ueerge tie third.

Every occupier of such licensed llaughtering house, shall, fix hours previous to the killing of any horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, which shall not be killed for the purpose of butcher's meat, and previous to the flaying any such cattle, brought dead to such llaughtering house, give notice in writing to a person to be appointed as inspeflor, to the intent that such inspector may, before such horse, or other cattle, shall be killed, or flayed, take an exafi account and description of the height, age, colour, and particular marks of such cattle, brought alive or dead for the purposes aforesaid; and no such cattle shall be killed, or flayed, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and four of the clock in the evening, during the months of October, November, December, January, February, and March; and between the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every year.

Every person so licensed, shall, at the time any horse, mare, &c. or any other cattle, shall be brought for the purpose of llaughtering, or flaying, make an entry in a book, to be kept for that purpose, in a fair legible hand, of the name, and place of abode, and profession, of the owner thereof, and also of the person who shall bring the same to be flaughtcred, or flayed, and the reason or realons why the same is brought to be

killed,

Slaughtering Horses.

killed, or Rayed; which book shall at all times be open for the perusal and examination of the inspector to be appointed under this act; and every such licensed person shall attend with such book before one juRice of the peace for the county,' &c. where such licensed (laughtering house shall be situate, when required by warrant, under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace so to do, and shall likewise produce the same at every general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held in and for the said county.

The parishioners assembled in vestry shall appoint inspectors, who shall in person, or by his or their servant or servants; attend at the (laughtering house, and there take such account and description as herein-before directed; and shall keep a book, and make an entry of every such account and description; and shall, for every entry, receive of every person carrying on such business, sixpence.

The inspeflor's book may be searched from eight A. M. to five P. M. in thewinter months, and from fix A. M. tocight P. M. in the summer, on paying sixpence.

Every inspector shall cause to be painted, over the door of his house, his name, and the words, Inspefior of heujes and placesfor Jlaaghtering horses. — If such inspector shall have reason to believe that any horse, marc, &c. or other cattle, is or are free from disease, and in a found and' serviceable (late, or that the same has been (lolen, or unlawfully come by, he shall have power to prohibit the (laughtering or killing of such cattle, for any time not exceeding the space of eight days; and in the mean time shall cause an advertisement to be inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some public newspaper circulated in the county where such (laughtering house shall be situated, twice or oftener, unless the owner of such cattle shallfooner claim the same, or satisfsflorily inform the said inspeflor that he sent or delivered, or caused the said horse, or other cattle, to be delivered for the purpose of heing ilaughtered or killed, the expence of inferring such advertisement to be paid by the occupier of such (laughtering house to such inspeflor: and in case such occupier of such (laughtering house shall refuse to defray or pay the same, and shall be thereof convified on the oath of any such inspector as aforesaid, before any one justice of the peace for the county or district wherein such slaughtering house or place shall be situated, he, she, or they, shall forfeit double the amount of the charge of such advertisement or advertisements, to be raised by distress and falc of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of any such justice as aforesaid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows:

A. B. is convsRed on the oath of C. D. inspeflor of houses and places for slaughtering horses, for the pari fit of E. in the county of F. of refufsng to pay the fusts of being the

B b b z expence

37.1

26 G. 3. e. 71,

372

Slaughtering Horses.

exfence of an advert Jement, or advert'fements (as the case may be) insertei in the Daily Advertiser, or feme other public nevifpa-fer circulated in the county, (as the case may be) furjuant to the direSions of the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of G.H.

16 G. 3. e. 71. Every inspeflor so appointed, may, at all times, in the day or night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, go to, enter into, and inspefl, any house or place kept for llanghtering or killing horses by any person or persons li-cenfedas aforesaid; and also any liable, or other building, to fee if any horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, have been brought there, and to take an account thereof; and every person, so licensed, shall permit any such inspeQor, to enter into and in-spect such house or place, and to take such account as is here-in-before directed.

li. If any person or persons who shall offer to sale, or shall bring

any horse, mare-, Sec. or other cattle, to any person or persons keeping such llaughtering hnufe, to be killed, or being dead, to be flayed, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of the means by which the same came into his, or their possession; the person or persons keeping such llaughtering house, and also the said inspector or inspectors, may seize and detain such person or persons; and also every such horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, and deliver such person or persons, into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before a justice of the peace, where the offence shall be committed; and if such justice shall, upon examination, have cause to suspect that such horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, is or hath been llolen or unlawfully obtained, such justice may commit such person or persons into safe custody, for any time not exceeding the space of six days, in order to be further examined; and if, upon either of the said examinations, such justice shall be satisfied, that such horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, is or are Helen, or illegally obtained, the said justice is hereby authorized and required to commit the person or persons fi> bringing or offering the same to sale, to the common gaol or house of corression of the county. See. wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

If any person or persons shall, at any time from and after the twentieth day of July, 1786, {laughter any horse, mare, or gelding. See. or other cattle, for any other purpose than for butcher's meat, or shall flay any such cattle, brought dead to such llaughtering house, without such licence, or without giving such notice as aforesaid, or shall kill, or flay the same, at any time other than within the hours herein-before limited, or shall not delay killing the same, according to the direction

373

Slaughtering Horses.

of such inspector, fuchperfonor persons being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, as the court shall direct, or shall be transported beyond the seas for any time not exceeding seven years.

If any person or persons, keeping or using any such flaqgh- 26 C. 3. r. 71, tering house, shall throw into any lime-pit, or rub with any corroftve matter, or destroy the hide or skin of any horse, mare,

&c. or other cattle, by him, her, or them slaughtered, killed, or flayed, or shall be guilty of any ofFence against this act, for which no punishment or penalty is expressly provided or declared, such person or persons, being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, as the court shall direct.

If any person or persons, so licensed, shall make any false entry in any book, by him, her,'or them to be kept, he, she, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before any one justice of the peace for the county, .

&c. wherein such slaughtering house shall be situated, (which said oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and fate, by warrant under the hand and feat of such justice, one moiety to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or transmitted, by the said justice, to the overseers of the poor, or one of them, for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offender or offenders shall reftde; and for want of distress, shall commit the offender to the house of correction, there to be confined to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

A conviction for any such offence, in the tenor or to the effect following, shall be good, to all intents and purposes:

the it renumbered, that on this day of

To wit. J in the year A, B. licensed

for faughtering horses, is comiiBed, upon the oaths of C. D, and E. F. tom credible witnesses, before me G. H. one of his majes-ly's jufliecs of the peace for the county of of

having wilfully made, or caused to be made, [as the case may be] a fatje entry in she book required by the statute, in that case made and provided, to be kept by the said A. B. whereby he, [she, or they'] has [or have] forfeited the sum of

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year

above written.

The inspectors' books shall be produced at the quarter fefftons for the county wherein any such licence shall be granted,

and

374

i6 C. 3. c.~

Slaughtering Horses.

and delivered to the j a Rices of the peace at such general quarter sessions.

If any person or persons shall occasionally lend any house, barn, liable, or other place, for the purpose of slaughtering or killing any horse, mare, &e. or other cattle, which shall not be killed for butcher's meat, without taking out such licence, as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any justice of the peace for the county, &c. wherein such person or persons shall reside, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, he, she, or they shall forfeit, upon conviction, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed; and in case such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar mooths, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid; the form of such conviction shall be as follows, or to the like effect:

-> Be it remembered, that on thii day of A. B. To wit. J was convicted, upon the oaths of two credible witnesses, before me C. D. one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of , for occasionally lending a house, [or place,

as the case may be], for the purpose of Jlaugktcring horses, [or, as the case may be, of slaughtering cattle for other purpofis than for butcher's meetj, without a licence for that purpose first obtained, according to the fialute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and Jeal, the day and year

above written.

This act shall not extend to any currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, who shall kill any diRempered or aged horse, mare, gelding, Sec. or other cattle, or purchase any dead horse, mare, gelding. Sec. or other cattle, for the bona fide purpose of felling, using, or curing the hide or hides thercot, in the course of their respective trades; nor to any farrier employed to kill aged and diRempered cattle, nor to any person or persons who shall kill any horse, mare, gelding, Sec. or other of their own or other cattle, to feed their own hounds or dogs, or to give away the flesh thereof for the like purposes.

If any collar-maker, currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, or farrier, or other person, shall, under colour of their respective trades or occupnions, knowingly or willingly kill any found or useful horse, gelding, mare,- &c. or boil or otherwise cure the ficfli thereof for the purpose of felling the same; such collar-maker, and other tradesman or person, shall be deemed and taken to be an offender within the meaning of this act, and shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds.

Slaughtering Horses.

Any justice of the peace before whom complaint shall be ,5 q, made for any offence against this act, may summon such person or persons, other than the party or parties complained against, as he shall think proper, to give evidence touching any offence' committed against this act; and in case such person or persons shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend, or give evidence touching such offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, or (land committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid.

Any inhabitant of the parish where any offence against this act shall be committed, shall, upon any complaint or hearing before any justice or justices of the peace, or upon any trial or examination by virtue of this act, be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his or her contributing to any of the rates or dues to such parish; or being a poor person relieved or relievable by the said parish, and entitled as such to receive any benefit or interest from any penalty or penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the directions of this act.

If any person or persons shall be prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, treble costs shall be awarded against the plaintiffs.

Smuggling.

IF any vessel shall be found at anchor within the limits of any export of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaff, f,47> unless by distress of weather, having on board any brandy or other fp rituous liquors in a cafft containing less than 60 gallons, except only for the use of seamen, after the rate of two gallons for each, or having on board any wine in calks, such ship being less than lixcy tons burthen, or having on board 61b. of tea, or aolb. of coffee, or any prohibited goods, such vessel with its cargo shall be forfeited.

If any person after October 1, 1784, whether on (hore, or Id. atfea, shall maliciously (hoot at any ship belonging to his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, within the limits of any port, or within four leagues of the coaff; or shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or dangerously wound any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, in the execution of his duty, he shall suffer death as a felon.

If any person be charged with an offence, made felony by H this act, before one or more justices of the peace, or before one of

375

3* 71*

Vf'f'*

376

*4G. i-M.z 47-

U.

U.

U.

li.

Smuggling.

of the justices of king's-bench, if in England, or if in Scotland, before one of the lords of judiciary, by the oath of one or mere credible person or perfoos, such justice or judge fbalt certify and return such information to one of the principal fe-cretaries of (late, to be laid before his majesty in council; who may order the offender to surrender himself within 40 days to such judge, or juHice, Sec. who shall commit him without bail or mainprize to the county gaol: and if such offender shall not surrender himself, he shall suffer death as a felon.

Any person harbouring such offender, after the time appointed for the surrender, shall, if prosecuted within a year, and convicted, be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

Any judge or justice may apprehend such offenders by the ordinary course of law; and if they shall be taken and secured, before the time appointed for their surrender shall be expired, no further proceeding shall be had on the order of council, but they shall be brought to trial by due course of law.

Any person obstructing officers of the navy, culloms, orex-cife, in the execution of their duty, by day or night, maybe carried before a justice, who shall, if he fees cause, commit such person to the county gaol, there to remain till the next gaol delivery, and until such person shall be delivered by due course of law; and on conviction, such offender shall befen-tcnced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable river in England, for any term not exceeding three years; or he may be ordered by such court to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for three years. — The justice may, if he thinks lit, proceed against persons charged with obstructing officers, if it shall appear that the offence falls within the provisions of 19 G. 3. c. 69. according to that act, and commit such offenders to the county gaol, till the next qur.rter-sessions of the peace.

If any persons shall, by virtue of this act, be arreffed and taken before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, for any offence against this act, deemed a misdemeanour, such snail not be bailed, without entering into recognizance for their appearance with two furelies, themselves in cool, and the said sureties in iccl. each.

All horses, boats, cattle, or carriages, used in removing or conveying customable goods, are liable to forfeiture, and the seizure; may be examined into, adjudged, and determined by and before any two neighbouring j ustices of the peace.

Soldiers.

Soldiers

3n rf / /

Enlilling.

WHEN any person shall be enlilled, he shallin four days, iG.j. c.g.

but not sooner than 24. hours, be carried before the next justice, or chief magistrate of a town corporate (not being an officer in the army) and before him shall be at liberty to declare his dilfent to such enlilling; and on such declaration, and returning the enlilling money, and paying 20s. for the charges expended on him, he shall be forthwith discharged, in presence of such magistrate: if he declare that he voluntarily enlilled himself, the justice or chief magistrate shall forthwith certify under his hand, that such person is duly enlilled, setting forth the place of his birth, age, and calling (if known), and that the second and sixth sections of the articles of war again!! mutiny and desertion were read to him, and that he has taken the oath mentioned in the articles of war; and if any person so certified as duly enlilled, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before such magistrate, the officer from whom he hath received such money, may detain and confine him till he shall take it.

Which said second and sixth sections of the articles of war are these:

SECT. II.

Art. 1. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall presume to use traiterous or disrespectful words again!! our royal person, or any of our royal family, if a commissioned officer, he shall he calhicred; if a non-commissioned officer or soldier, he shall fuller such punishment as shall be. inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

Art. 2. Any officer or soldier who shall behave himself with contempt or disrespect towards the general, or other commander in chief of our forces, or shall speak words tending to his hurt or dishonour, shall be punished according to the nature of his offence, by the judgment of a court-martial.

Art. 3. Any officer or soldier, who shall begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition, in the regiment, troop, or company, to which he belongs, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, of either our land or marine forces, or in any party, poll, detachment, or guard, on any pretence whatsoever, shall suffer death, or such other punish-tnent as by a court-martial shall be inflicted.

378 Soldiers.

1G. -y : 6. . Art. 4. Any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, who being presentat any mutiny or sedition, docs not ufehis utmoll endeavour to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge of any mntiny, or intended mutiny, does not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer, shall be punished by a court-martial with death, or otherwise, according to the nature of the offence.

Art. 5. Any officer or soldier who shall strike his superior officer, or draw, or offer to draw, or shall lift up any weapon, or offer any violence against him, being in the execution of his office, on any pretence whatsoever, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall, according to the nature of his offence, be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

SECT. VI.

Art. 1. All officers and soldiers, who having received pay, or having been duly enliiied in our service, shall be convicted of having deserted the same, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall by a court-martial be inflicted.

Art. 2. Any non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall, without leave from his commanding officer, absent himself from his troop or company, or from any detachment with which he shall be commanded, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be punished according to the nature of his offence, at the discretion of a court-martial.

Art. 3. No non-commissioned officer or soldier shall enlill himself in any other regiment, troop, or company, without a regular discharge from the regiment, troop, or company, in which he left served, on the penalty of being reputed a deserter, and suffering accordingly. — And in case any officer shall knowingly receive and entertain such non-commissioned Gfficer or soldier, or shall not, after his being discovered to be a deserter, immediately confine him, and give notice thereof to the corps in which he last served, he the said officer so offending shall by a court-martial becafbicred.

Art. 4. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall be convicted of having advised or persuaded any other officer or soldier to defer: oj.- service shall suffer such punishment as shall be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

And the oath mentioned in the said articles of war, is as fuilcv.s:

IJhviar

Soldiers.; 379

2 /wear to be true to our sovereign lord king George, and to serve x G. 3. c, 6. him hoitejlly mid faithfully, in defence of hit person, crovjn, and dignity, against all his enemies or oppojers nxltatsoever: And to observe and obey his majesty's orders, and the orders of the generals and officers Jet over me by his majesty.

But if any person shall receive the enlilling money knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such magistrate, in order to declare hisalfent or dilfent, he shall be deemed to be cnlilted, and may be proceeded against, as if he had taken the said oath before such magistrate.

Muller.

NO multer roll shall be allowed, unless signed by the mayor or other officer: but if such mayor or officer shall not attend, or refuse to sign such multer roll, without giving sufficient reason for such his refusal, then the commilfary may proceed'to multer, and such multer roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid, provided that oath be made before a justice in 48 hours after such multer; and the said multer roll shall be then produced, and examined by the said justice, who shall sign the same, if there appear to be no sufficient objection to it.

In Westminster and Southwark, no multer shall be made, but in presence of two justices (not being officers of the army); unless the justices, on 48 hours notice to fix of them, neglect to attend.

And the commilfary or multer mailer shall make oath (for which no fee shall be taken) before the mayor or chief magistrate attending the multer, if such mayor or chief magistrate be a justice of the peace, or otherwise before a justice in the form following; I A. B. do swear, that I saw at the time of making the within multer, such men or horses as are borne, and not respited, on the multer roll, for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates are not indorsed on the back of the roll, certifying their being absent from the multer, by reason of being employed on some otherdutyof the regiment, or by being sick, inprison, on furlough, oratgrafs, or by a signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company.

Which oath the said commilfary shall insertand subscribcon the back of the multer roll transmitted by him into the office of the commilfary general of the multers.

If any person (ha'll be falsely muttered; or offerhimselftobc falsely muttered; on proof thereof by oath of two witnesses, C c c z before

Soldiers.

before the next justice, and on certificate thereof under the hand of the commissary, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, he shall be committed to the noufe of correction for ten days, and if any person shall wittingly furnish a horse to be mullered, he shall be forfeited to the informer, if he shall' belong to the person farniiliing the same; otherwise the offender shall forfeit to the informer 20I. on oath by two witnesses, before the next justice, bydiftrefs; and if he shall have no sufficient distrefj, or shall not pav in four days after conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol for three months, or be publickly whipped, at the discretion of the justice; and the informer if a soldier, shall be discharged, if he demands it.

For proviuon of carriages for the forces in their march, or for their arms, cloaths, and accoutrements, any justice of the peace, being duly required thereunto, by any order from his .majesty, or the general of his forces, or the master general, or lieutenant general of his majesty's ordnance, shall on such order being brought and shewn unto him, by the quarter maf. ter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, troop, or company ordered to march, issue out his warrant to the constable or petty constables of the division, liberty, hundred, or precinct from, through, near, or to which such forces shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said warrant; allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden: and if sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precinct; then the next justice [or justices) of the county, riding, or division, shall on such order as aforesaid so brought or shewn to him, issue his warrant to theconfta-blcs or petty constables of such next county, riding, division, or precinct, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency.

And the officer, who by virtue of the said warrant is to demand the carriages of the constable to whom it is directed, shall at the same time pay down to him in hand for the use of the persons who shall provide such carriages and men, the sum of is. for every mile any waggon with five horses shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses shall travel; and qd. for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less carriages : for which the constable shall give a receipt.

And if any military officer shall force any carriage to travel more than one day's journey; or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home; or shall suffer any soldier or servant (except such as are sick) orany woman, to ride in such carriage; or shall force.any constable, by threatnings, to provide laddie horses for themselves or servants: or shall force

horses

Soldiers. 381

horses from the owners, by themselves, servants or soldiers; he shall forfeit 5I. proof thereof being made on oath before two justices, who shall certify the same to the paymaster general, or other paymaster of the forces, who shall pay the same, according to the order of the said just ices under their hands and seals, who shall deduct the same out of the officer's pay.

And no waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall be obliged 1C?. 3. c. 6-to carry above thirty hundred weight.

And if any high or petty constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants for providing carriages, or if any person appointed by such constable to furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse and neglect to provide the same; or any other person shall wilfully hinder the execution thereof; he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; the same to be heard and determined by two justices dwelling in or near the place, who shall cause the penalty to be levied by distress.

The treasurer of the county shall without fee pay unto such constable all reasonable sums by him laid out for carriages, over and above what was or ought, to have been paid by the officer requiring such carriages, out of the public Hock, according to such rates and orders as the justices in sessions shall direct, which orders shall be made without fee; regard being had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the ways; and if the publick Hock be not sufficient, the justices in sessions may raise money as for gaols and bridges.

No toll or duty shall be demanded or taken for any horses 18 c. 3.r.6j. belonging to officers or soldiers upon their march or upon duty, or for any horses, cattle, or carriages employed in carrying the arms or baggage of any such officers or soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled officers or soldiers, and no carriages so employed shall be subject to be weighed at any engine, nor the owner or driver liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight than is allowed by law to be conveyed in such carriage.

The constables and other chief officers and magistrates of ci- 1 O. 3. r. 6. ties, towns, villages, and other places, and in their default or absence, any one justice inhabiting in or near such place, and no other, shall and may quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in inns, livery ltables, alehouses, and all houses felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, &c. by retail, and no other; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than by this act, or shall offer any menace or compulsion to deter and discourage anycivil officer from doing his duty, he shall on conviction before any two of the next justices by the oath of two witnesses, be ipjo fallo cashiered and disabled to hold any military employment; provided' the

con-

382

iG. 3. c. 6.

13.

13.

13.

13.

Soldiers.

conviction be aSrmed at the next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be transraitted to the judge advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial. — And if any person shall be aggrieved by having more soldiers billeted than in proportion to his neighbours, on complaint thereof to one justice, or if the person so billeting them be a justice, then on complaint to two justices, they may relieve him.

No justice, having any military command, shall be concerned in quartering soldiers under his immediate command; but all things done by him therein shall be void.

If any constable, or other officer, shall neglect his duty in billeting, for the space of two hours, provided sufficient notice hath been given before, of the arrival of the forces; or shall take any reward to excuse any person; or if any person liable shall refuse to receive any soldiers, or to furnish them as required by this act, and be thereof convicted, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit 5I. (or any sum not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.) by distress, by warrant of such justice, to bedirefled to any other constable, or to any overseer of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell, for the use of the poor of the said parish.

If any officer shall take any money of any person, for cx-cufing the quartering of soldiers, he shall be cashiered and incapacitated.

If any officer, military or civil, shall quarter any of the wives, children, men, or maid-servants of officer or soldier, in any house against the consent of the owner, if he is an officer of the army, he shall on proof made thereof to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ip/o faBt> cashiered; and if a constable, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party grieved sos. on proof thereof to the next justice, by distress.

. Any justice by his warrant, may command any constable or other officer, to give an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers billeted by them, and also of the names of the persons on whom they are billeted, with the street or place where they dwell, and the signs, if any; that it may appear where they are quartered, the better to prevent abuses in billeting of them.

In'v/estminster, the petty constables shall deliver lifts on oath at every quarter-sessions, of the housesand persons obliged to receive soldiers quartered, and the number billeted in each house; the lifts to remain with the clerk of the peace, to be inspected without fee; constables making default shall forfeit 5I. to the poor bydiftrefs, by warrant of one justice; forwant of distress, to be imprisoned not more than three months, nor less than one.

If

Soldiers. 383

If any officer or soldier shall be accused of any capital crime, <7, j. 6. or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of the king's subjects, the commanding officer shall ufehis utmost endeavour to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding to the officers of justice, in seizing and apprehending him, in order to bring him to trial; on pain, on conviction before two justices, by the oaths of two witnesses, of being ipso jalio cashiered and disabled; provided the conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial.

Soldiers convicted of profane cursing or swearing, and not ,g c. c. 21. paying the penalty, shall not be committed to the house of correction as other offenders, but shall be put in the flocks for one hour, for every single offence; and for any number of offences, of which they shall be convicted at one and the same time, two hours.

Deferring.

THE constable may take up any person reasonably fuf- , q. j.r. 6. pected to be a deserter, and carry him before a justice in or near the place, who shall examine such suspected person; and if by his confession, or the oath of one witness, or the knowledge of such justice, he shall be found to be a deserter, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the county gaol, or house of correction (or the Savoy in London) and transmit an account thereof to the secretary at war; and the keeper of such gaol or house of correction shall receive the fubfiltcoce of such deserter, for his maintenance while he shall be in cuttody, but shall not be intitled to any fee for his imprisonment.

But no officer may break open any house to search for do- Id. ferters, without a justice's warrant; on pain of zol.

The justice, before whom he is brought, shall issue his war- Id. rant to the collector of the land tax, of the parish or township where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money by him collected or to be collected, into the hands of him who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, such deserter, the funi of zos.; the same to be allowed on his account.

If any person shall knowingly harbour or affilt any deserter, Id. he shall forfeit 5I. and if any person shall knowingly buy or exchange or otherwise receive any arms, cloaths, or furniture belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or change the colour thereof, he shall forfeit $1. and on conviction by the oath of one witness, before one justice, the said penalties shall be levied by distress; half the first penalty to be to the informer.

384 Soldiers.

- former, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended; andhalfthelaft penalty to theihformer; and half of both', to the officer to whom thedeserter did belong;; and'if such person have not sufficient, or shall not pay thepenalty in', foiir. days,' the justice shall commit him to gaol for three months, or cause him to be publickly whipped. -j-

Ban, v, if. No law gives, nor ever did give to justices'a power to piro-SJ9* long a soldier's furlough. — In case of fickiiefs, or other una-

voidable accident, it maybe nfefnl for a justice to certify upon the back of the farlongh such necessity, specially setting forth the same; to prevent his being apprehended as a deserter, or punished at his return.

1C.3. r.6. If any non-commissioned officer or soldier shall have wife, child, or children; two justices may summon him'where he is quartered; to make oath of the place of his last legal settlement, who shall obey such summons, and make oath accordingly. — And the justices shall give an attested copy of such affidavit, to be delivered to the commanding officer, to be produced when required. — Which attested copy shall be admitted at.any time in evidence as to such settlement, before any justices or. at any sessions; and if he be summoned again to make any such oath as aforesaid, such attested copy of the former oath being produced, he shall not be obliged to take any further oath as to his settlement; but shall, if required, leave a copy of such attested copy of his former examination.

Setting up trades after their discharge.

*1 G.t. e. 44. All such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, who have ftrved Cnee the 29th day of November, 174.S, and not deserted, and also t'ncir wives and children, may set up and exercise such trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place within Great Britain or Ireland (except Cambridge and Oxford) without any molestation by reason of the using such trade; nor shall they, or their wives or children, during the time they shall exercise such trades, be removable from such place to their last legal place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, until they shall become actually chargeable; and if they shall be sued for exercising such trade, they shall have doable costs. — Two justices may cause such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, to be summoned before them, in order to make oath of the place of their last legal settlement; and the justices shall give an attested copy of such affidavit to the person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required.

-In

Soldiers.

385

In regiments of dragoons, the captains are allowed 9d. per day for each horse, one halfpenny of which goes to the farrier, the other for forage. — In quarters, the men oblige the landlords to furnish them with any quantity of hay or draw, they shall think proper to make use of, there being noreftraint by act of parliament: on the contrary, if the landlord refuse their demands, however extravagant, they are liable to pay five pounds for such default.

The second troop of horse grenadier guards allow 141b. of hay per day, and 41b. of draw, for each horse.

In camp, the allowance for each horse is 1 Sib. of hay. — The general and his fuite arc allowed 61b. of draw per day for each horse.

By this act, all such officers, mariners, soldiers, and ma- 24 G. 3. fiff. 2. rines, as have been employed in the king's service since e- *>

April 1, 1763, and have not since defected, and also the wives and children of such, are authorized to set up and exercise trades in any part of Great-Britain; and shall not be liable to be removed from thence to their lad legal place of settlement, until they become actually chargeable' to the parish.

Any two or more justices may summon such persons to make U. oath of the place of their lad legal settlement, and they are required to obey such summons; an atteded copy of which affidavit shall be delivered to the person making the same; which atteded copy shall at any time be admitted as evidence of such legal settlement, before any of his majesty's justices, at any general or quarter- sessions of the peace. — A copy of such atteded copy of the examination shall be left, if required.

This act shall extend to all officers and soldiers drawn by bal- M. lot, and having personally served in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, for three years from the said first of April, and been honourably discharged.

This act shall not empower any one to set up the trade of a W-vintner, or to fell wine or other liquors within either of the universities, without licence from the vice-chancellor.

IF any person shall carry about, or expose to sale, any almanack not damped according to law, any judice of the peace may upon conviction commit such odender to the houseofeor-rection for any time not exceeding three months.* — And any

Tills is inferred, not ns intended to lay down the law, in a case, for which no proper provision seems to have been made, but as a rule, by which the ma-pistrate's judgment may be directed, when the matter corrtes, as it often din's, before him.

D dd

person

Stamps.

person seizing and carrying such offender before ajustice of the peace is entitled to a reward of zos. to be paid by the receiver general of the stamp duties.

The same penalties are appointed, and the same reward is offered for apprehending offenders against this act, as by the former of 16 G. 2. r. z6.

Bills of exchange, promissory or other notes, drafts, or orders, under jcl. a llamp of 6d.; if 50I. or upwards, a stamp of is. — Not to extend to drafts or orders for payment of money on demand to bianr, drawn upon bankers living within 10 miles of the drawer, nor to drafts or notes under 40s. '

Receipts fer 2I. and under 20I. a zd. stamp; for 20I. and upwards, and also all expressed in full of all demandi, a .p). one. — But not to extend to receipts by seamen or soldiers for wages or pensions, nor to these for the pnrehafe money in any public fund, or the dividends thereof, nor to those for drawbacks, or bounties on exportation, &c.

The whole sum to be inserted in a receipt, and where the giver or receiver acts otherwise, or separates the sum into divers receipts, or is guilty cf any fraudulent device, with intent to defraud the duties on receipts, he forfeits zol.

Penalty on drawing a draft, or writing a receipt on unstampt paper, 5I. to be recovered in a summary way before a magistrate, by distress and fa'e, and in default of distress, 'the offender to be committed for three months. — An appeal given to the sessions — And a discretionary power to the magistrate to mitigate to a moiety of the penalty.

A penalty of 40s. to be levied as above, is inflicted on persons summoned as witnesses that shall neglect to appear, or appearing refuse to be examined. — The penalties to be applied, one moiety for the use of his Majesty, the other moiety to the informer.

No bill, note, or receipt, to be stampt after written or ligned cnlcfs cn payment of tol.

Receipt for a legacy or distributive iharc of an intestate's personal estate, the amount whereof shall not exceed zol. to be by the first of these acts cna it:.mp of zs. 6d. to which by the iaf: aft an additional zs. 6d. stamp is imposed; where the amount is above eol. and under tool, the first aft requires a stamp of js. to which by the last aft an additional 5s. stamp is imposed. — And where the amount is 100!. and upwards, the first aft requires a stamp of zo;. to which the last act for the first hundred adds another 203. stamp, and an additional 20s. for every ocher hundred.

N. 3. The additional duties, that is, those imposed by the act of 23 O. 5. do not extend to legacies or shares of personal Ucate, where the persons to whom such legacies are given, or

Stamps. 387

shares coming,'Hand in the relation of wives; children, orgrand children to tife tellator or intestate. ‘

Stamp duty on the regiflry of marriages, -burials ' births, and christenings.

UPON the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chrillen- 13(7.3.1.67. ing, in the register of any parish, precinfl, or place in Great Britain, a stamp duty of 3d. shall be paid, except in the case of a pauper.

N. B. The penalty on the parson, vicar, or curate, &c. for making any such entry on unstampt paper, or parchment, is jl. — But there is a proviso that an entry may be made without any damps where a licence is granted for the purpose by three commissioGCrs of the damp duty, or their officer; so as the party having.the custody of rhe register shall produce it at all times to the of or their officers, and as often as required pay to the receiver general of the duties. Sec. ail Turns which, according to the true meaning of the act, ought to be paid in rc-spect of such entry.

All prosecutions for recovery of the duties granted by, as also for all forfeitures and 0(Fences made and committed against, this act, shall be heard and determined by any judice of the peace redding near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgment of any such judice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, and their judgment therein shall be final: and every such judice is hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusal or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary consession of the party, yr by the oath of one or more evitness or witnesses, to give judgment thereupon, and to issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

But it shall and may be lawful to and for the said judice, u. ' where he shall see cause; to mitigate or lcffen any such.forfeiture or penalty as he shall think lit, so that such mitigation do not reduce the.penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the cods.

Dddz

Ail

Stamps.

All forfeitures and penalties mentioned in-this act (the nc-eessary charges for the recovery-thereof being^first dedufled) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof-to and for the nfe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedors, and the-other-moietjrto such person and persons who shall inform andfuefonhe same.

Bythisaft, that of 23 G. 3, e. 67, is extended to his Majesty's protellant subjects dissenting from the church of England, as well to those who use infant baptism as to such as do not use it; all whose registers shall be liable to the stamp duties imposed by the former act.

On Callicoes, Mullins, &c.

UPON oath made by any credible person or persons, that there is reason to suspect or believe that French printed, llained, painted, or dyed callico, mndin, &c. for which any duty of excise ought to have been paid, is in the poflession of any draper or other person dealing therein, or of any person, for sale, without being duly stamped, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, within the bills of mortality, or any two justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, to issue.their warrants, requiring any officer or officers of excise (with the aflidance of a condable, or other officer of the peace) in the day time, to search for the same, and to open doors, trunks, chelts, and packages, and to seize such goods, together with the packages containing the same, and to carry away the same, iu order that the same may be lawfully condemned, and every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

If undamped callicoes, &c. be found in any place, except Ihipt for exportation, they are forfeited, and also tool.

Starch and Soap.

BY this act, from Sept. 20, 1784, no darch-maker shall erect, alter, enlarge, or make use of any place for making, diying, or keeping (larch, or the materials for making it, without giving notice at the office for the duty on darch, next to the place where it shall be made; Every person neglecting or refuting to do this, shall forfeit for every such offence 200I.

Any person knowingly affiding in making darch in un-entered honfes, shall forfeit 30I.'

Stamps. 389

The officers.ofexoife.and allipersons atting intjieir.pid,: may .»*£? i-ftff. a. flop,1 arrell.fcahdldetain such o(render.as,^bpvf,;rand,jflijv^y.^tp c' 4s* to onei.orotriore justice.or julHcess r.,who, rpn, ;cppfls/jiqn fpf; ;(he party; :oron;proofs!by the oath ofidne,or more crediblp.WAWefs V witnesses, imayconyift theoft'enderj.andifthe,said sum;of 301., be not jmmedi'atelypaid into, the hands of the officer, before the justice or: justices,'he or they: shall commie the,offender,to the house of corteftion to harddabour for six months, orrtill the said sum of 3ol.- be paid and discharged: — And in case of.ja second offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit 60I. or be committed for one year, or till the said sum of 60I. be paid.

The outward door of every llarch-house is to have the christian id. and surname of the maker inscribed in letters three inches long, on painof forfeiting tool.

The word Jlarch shall be- legibly marked on every package id, when any quantity exceeding 281b, shall be removed by land or by water, on pain of forfeiting thereof, with the cattle'and carriages, &c. - .

Any dealer receiving more than 281b. of (larch not marked as IJ. aforesaid, shall forfeit 200I. \

Any (larch-maker obstructing the officers for the duties upon IJ.

(larch, in executing their office, shall forfeit tool.

Soap officers may, by day or night (by the authority of the IJ. same aft) without waiting for the presence of a conllablcor peace officer, he permitted, on request, to enter any place for making soap, and take an account of the same, and of all materials for making it; and they shall remain in such place or places as they shall think (it.

No soap-maker shall have any conveyance from or to any cop- Id. per or pan, except one moveable pump, nor any cock or hole, except for the (learn, on the tide or curb. Sec. of his boiler or copper, on pain of forfeiting 500I.

The cover and furnace door, &c. are to be kept locked by the Id. . officer, except when at work: — Locks and keys are to be provided by the surveyors, &c. at the expence of the makers: And any person dandeltinely opening any copper, pan, or utensil, or damaging such fattening, shall forfeit tool.

If any soap-makers shall obllrudl the officers of excise, they shall forfeit 50I. ®*

Any officers of excise may take an account, as often as he id,

shall think proper, of all materials for making soap in the maker's poflession.

Soap-makers to provide feales, &c. and affill the officer in U. weighing, &c. on penalty of 20I.

Makers of soap are to give proper notice to the officer before IJ. they charge their copper; i. 1. 12 hours within the head office of excise in London; and in any other place 24. hours before the time of charging, on pain of forfeiting tool.

No

Starch and Soap.

No hard soap, after the commencement of this act, shall be fold bat in the (hape of cakes or bars, on penalty of tool. -All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed' by this- aft, shall be recovered and applied as other penalties recovered and levied by any laws of excise: One moiety to be paid to his Majesty, and the other to him that shall inform, discover,- or sue for the same. i

Stolen Goods.

ANY one justice of the peace, upon complaint made before him upon oath, that there is reason to suspect that llolen goods are knowingly concealed in any dwelling-house, onthonfe, garden, &e. by warrant under his hand and seal, may cause every such place or places to be searched in the day-time; and the person or persons knowingly concealing the said llolen goods, or any part thereof, or in whose custody the same, or any part thereof, shall be found, he, (he, cr they, being privy thereto, shall be deemed and held guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall and may be brought before any justice of the peace for the county, city, &c. and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be punishable by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the conrt shall think fit.

And every constable, head boro ugh, &c. and every beadle rvithin his ward, and every watchman, during such time only as he is on his doty, .shall and may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and every person and persons, who may rea-fonably be suspected of having, or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any time after fun-letting, and before sun-rising, any goods or chattels suspected to be llolen, and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, &c. to be dealt with according to law; and such person and persons, so carrying or conveying such goods' or chattels, knowing (he same to have been llolen, and being thereof convicted, by due course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a misdemeanour, and, on conviction .as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

K. B. It" the goods stolen and received ate had, ircr, (cpf.tr,'brass, htll-r.'czl. or fucer, the buyers or receivers thereof must be carried before ttvo cr justice of the peace, and are punishable by transportation for 14 years, by eo G. 1, c. 30.

Nas j!/'That buying such goods at a very low price is interpreted to be, thi~. :c it f::hn.

And

Stolen Goods. 391

And every person, to whom any goods or chattels, which *- C. 3. <. 38. have been feloniously Itolen or taken, shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned,' or delivered, shall, and is hereby empowered and required (there being reasonable cause to suspect that such goods or, chattels were itolen) to apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice of the peace for the county, city, town-corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the same goods and chattels shall be so brought or offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, (having it in his or her power so to do) the person and persons bringing or offering the same.

And if any person or persons, being out of custody or in cuf- III, tody, if under the age of 15 years, upon any charge of felony within benefit of clergy, shall have committed any felony, and shall afterwards discover two or more p.rfons who shall have bought or received any goods or chattels, which shall have been feloniously (tolen or taken, knowing the same to be Itolen, so that two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she, or they, so discovering, shall have, and be entitled to, the gracious pardon of his majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies by nimor her committed at any time or times before such discovery.

Summons.

IN all legal proceedings, the person complained of ought to Bun have notice of the charge laid against him, and to have an of- p. *56. portunity of being heard in his own defence. — Consequently, where a person is accused before the justices, they ought to summon the party to appear, or issue their warrant to bring him before them. The manner of convening the parties is sometimes directed by the acts of parliament creating the respective offences; which therefore ought to be pursued accordingly. — In other cases, where it is leftdiferetionary in the justices, it seem-eth most agreeable to the mildness of our laws to put the party to no more inconvenience than needs mull; and therefore, where the case will bear it, a summons* seems more apposite than a compulsory process. — But in cases of sureties of the peace, petty larcenies, and other felonies, and generally where the king is party, and also in cases between party and party, where the body of the offender is liable, a warrant is the regubr process, and not a summons.

See Appendix, Mo. 78.

SURETY-

Surety for the peace.

392

Ds!:. e. n$.

Ctcrjn, IlS.

Di/;. f. XI7. 1 Hsro. 12".

I Hot. 12S. 5 Cl 59-

1 Kaw. 1:9.

1 Sea. SC.

SURETY for the peace is the acknowledging a recognizance, or bond, to the king, taken by a competent judge of record, for the keepicgf the peace. — And thisfuretyof the peace every justice of the peace may take and command, 1. As a mi-niiter, commanded thereto by a higher authority. 2. As a judge, and by virtue of his office, derived from his commission.

By the commission of the peace, one or more justices have power to cause to come before them, all those who to any of the king's people concerning their bodies, or the firing of their honfes, have used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people: and if they shall refuse to find such security, to cause them in the king's prisons to be safely kept, until they shall find such surety.

A wife may demand it against her husband threatening to beat her ontrageously, and a husband also may have it against his wife.

An infant under the age of 14 years may demand this surety, and it shall be granted him.

It ought, upon a jolt cause of complaint, to be granted by any justice of the peace, against any person whatsoever, under the degree of nobility, being of fane memory, whether he be a ma-giltrate or private person, and whether he be of full age, or under age. — The fafell way of proceeding against a peer, is by complaint to the court of chancery or king's bench.

If the person to be bound be in the presence of the justice, he may be immediately committed, unless he offers sureties.

The justice mar make the warrant under seal, to bring the party before himself or some other justice, or he may make it to bring the party before himself only; for he that maketh the warrant fortbe moll part hath the bell knowledge of the matter, and therefore he is the fitted to do justice in the case.

If one who fears that the surety of the peace will be demanded against him, find sureties before any justice of the same county, either before or after a warrant is issued against him, he may have a fnprrfedeas from such justice, which shall discharge him from arref: from any other justice, at the suit of the same party, for whose security he has given such surety.

Where a person authorized by warrant of a justice of the peace, to compel a man who is flickered in an house, to find sureties fur the peace or good behaviour, is denied quietly to enter into it, he may jullify breaking open the doors, in order

4 See Appendix, No. 51.

M

393

Surety for the peace.

to take him; but he mull first signify to those in the house the cause of his coming,: and request them (ogive him admittance.

If the warrant specially dircfl that the party shall be b:ought i jfow.tzS. before the justice who made it, the officer ought not to carry him before any other.; but if the warrant be general, to bring him before any ,'justit'e' of such place! the officer has'the:‘ele£lipn ..to bring him before jvhat justice He pleaseth, and m'ay carry him' tbprifo'n'for'refusing.to find surety before such justice.' " , ''

' If the party,is carried before another justice, and not before ,3, him whoiiirue'd'the warrant, such other justice mud take the surety, andj'ihd' Him by recognizance in all points as the form of the precept doth require.' .

If.the officerarrell the party, and do not carry him before,the j(i jiiftfcc 'to find sureties; or upon the refusal of the party, if'the officer shall afrejVKIiii, and do notcarry him to the gaol, iri b.oth these.cales tKe officer.is" punifltable by the justicea for this" n'eg-lefl, 'by tndiflintnr and fine at their (eflions. — When the party comedi before the justice, he mull effa- sureties, or else the justice may'commithim; for the julhee needeth not to demand surety of him.

If a man that was bound to keep the peace, .hath broken'his bond, the justices ought of discretion to bind him anew;'but not until he be thereof convicted by due course of law. Crw

The recognizance, which the justice takes for the keeping of the peace, is rather of congruity, than by any express authority " r'1 given either by the common law, or by statute.

The recognizance is forfeited, if the party make default of ^ c> 3_ appearance, and the same default shall be recorded.

It may also Be forfeited by any aflual violence to the person of 3 „

another, whether it be done by, the party himself, or by others through his procurement.

The.justices cannot in any case proceed against the party, for a forfeiture of his recognizance, either in relpefl of his not appearing, or breaking the peace; the recognizance itself, with the record of default of appearance, ought to be removed into some of the courts at Westminster.

He who is bound to the peace, and to appear at a certain day, f> ll0, mull appear at that day, and record his appearance, although he who craved the peace cometh not to desire that it may be continued; otherwise the recognizance cannot be discharged.

See

Surety

394

Surety for the good behaviour.

D.

C. 1ZZ.

DeU.s. 1:3.

2

SZS. I3:.

U.

It.

Dels,:. 1:4.

A MAN may be compelled to find sureties both for the good behaviour and for the peace; and yet the good behaviour included! the peace: and he that is boond to the good behaviour, is therein also bound to the peace.

The surety* of the good behaviour is of great affinity with that of the peace, and is provided chiefly for the preservation of the peace; and is most commonly granted either in the open iessions, or by two or three jnflices out of sessions. — Yet by the words of the commission, as also by the common opinion of the leaned, one justice alone, out of sessions, may grant this surety of the good behaviour. — But this is not usual, unless it be to prevent some great andfudden danger, especially again (I a man that is of any good ellate, carriage, or report. — And it shall be good distretion in the jnflices, that they do not grant it, but either upon {efficient cause seen to themselves, or upon the suit or complaint of others, and the same very honest and credible per-foos.

A man may be bound to his good behaviour for many causes of scandal, which give him a bad same, as being contrary to good manners only; as for consorting with women of bad same; or for {peaking words of contempt ot an inferior magistrate, as a justice of the peace, or mayor, though he be not then in the actual execution of his office; or of an inferior officer of justice, as a constable, and such like, being in the actual execution of his office.

It seems the better opinion, that no one ought to be bound to the good behaviour, for any raffi, quarrelfumc, or unmannerly words, unless they cither directly tend to a breach of the peace, or to scandalize the government, by abusing those who are in-trnfled by it with the administration of justice, or to deter an officer from doing hi; duty.

The magistrate has a discretionary power to take such surety of all those whom he shall have just cause to suspect to be dangerous, quarrelsome, or scandalous; as of those who lleep in the day, and go abroad in the night; and of such as keep suspicious company; and of such as are generally suspected to be robbers, common drunkards, and the like; and all other persons of evil same.

In general, whatsoever ad or thing is of itself a misbehvaiour, is cause sufficient to bind such an offender to good behaviour.

Swearing.

See Appendix, No. 30.

395

Swearing.

IF any person shall profanely ctirfe or swear, and be thereof „ G l Citu convicted on confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice' (or mayor) within eight days, he shall forfeit as follows : that is to say.

Every day labourer, common soldier, or common seaman, is.

Every other person under the degree of a gentleman, as.

And every person of or above the degree of a gentleman, js.

And lor a second offence after conviction, double; and for every other offence after a second con vision, treble.

Which said penalties shall go to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed.

If such person shall curie or swear in the prelence and hear- Id. ing of a justice (or mayor), &c. he shall convict him without other proof.

If in the presence and hearing of a constable, if he is un- Id. known to such constable, the said constable shall seize and carry him forthwith before the next justice (or mayor of a town corporate) who shall convict him upon the oath of such constable.

If he is known to such constable, he shall speedily make in- Id. formation beforefomejultice (or mayor), &c. inorderthatbe may be convicted.

The constable, if it be in his hearing, is required to prose- ®»™, rtl.h. cute; but any other person also may prosecute if he pleales.- — t‘ 293-N. B. The prosecution mult be within eight days.

Such justice (or mayor) shall immediately on such informa- igC.s. c.ai. tion on the oath of any constable, or of any other person, cause the offender to appear before him; and on proof of such information convict him: and if he shall not immediately pay down the penalty, or give security to the satisfaction of such justice (or mayor), he may commit him to the house of cor-restion, to be kept to hard labour for ten days.

The charges of the information and conviction shall be paid Id. by the offender, if able, over and above the penalties; which charges shall be ascertained by such justice.

And if he shall not immediately pay such charges, or give Id. security to the satisfaction of such justice (or mayor), he may commit him to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for six days, over and above such time for which he may be committed for non-payment of the penalties; and in such case, no charges of information and conviction shall be paid by any person.

If such soldier or seaman shall not so pay or secure the pe- Id. nalty, and also the colts of the information, summons, and conviction, he shall, in Head of being committed to the house of correction, be ordered to be publickly set in the Itocks for E e e a one

39^

T9 G. 2.

IJ.

IJ.

IJ.

Swearing.

one hour for every single offence, and for any number of offences, whereof he shall be convicted at one and the same time, two hours.

'Ihe conviction shall be in the words and form following:

Be it remembered, that c.i the day of in the

year of his majesty's reign, A. B. was amviSld before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county,

riding, division, or liberty aforesaid; (or before me mayor

of the city or to-vsn of within the county of ) of

fa-earing one or more profane oath or oaths, or of curjing one or mere profane curje or curses. Given under my hand and feat the day and year aforesaid.

The judice (or mayor) fhalicause the conviction to be fairly written upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter-sessions for the county, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and kept amongd the records.

If any judice (or mayor) shall omit his duty, in the execution of this act, he shall forfeit jl.; half to the poor where he shall reside, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record.

The condableomitting his duty, shall on conviction, on oath of one witness, beforeone judice (or mayor) forfeit 40s. tobe levied by distress, half to the informer, and half to the poor: and if he have not sufficient goods whereon to levy, such justice (or mayor) may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for one month.

This act shall be publickly read four times in the year, in all churches and chapels, by the minider immediately after morning or evening prayer, on the Sundays next after March 25, June 2i, Sept. 23, and Dec 25; on pain of 5I. for every offence, to be levied by difirefs, by warrant of a judice, mayor, or other chief magistrate.

Tickets,

27 G. 3. c. 1. TN this act, the datutesof of 8 G. 1, e. 2; 12 G. 2, c. 28.

A and zzG. 5, c. 47, respecting lotteries, are recited; and the powers thereby given, are to continue in force, except such as are hereny altered.

After the passing of this act, the penalties incurred under the recited aids may be sued for by any perfer.s whomsoever within six months; and the penalties shall be applied, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moictv. with full costs of suit, to the persons who shall sue for the same.

In

Tickets.

In every action for penalties, the defendant shall be obliged : to give bail to answer it: provided that the bail required to be given shall, in no case, exceed the sum of ;ool.

And whereas by 17 G. 2, c. 5, the full powers whereof are extended to this act, all persons playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds: and whereas all lotteries not established by act of parliament, in Great Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and publick nuisances: and whereas all adventuring with lottery tickets, in such lotteries as areeltablished by act of parliament, other than by the actual sale of tickets, and i f such ihares thereof as are permitted by law to be sold, is wholly prohibited by the said act of 22 G. 3, c. 47.

Thcsaid 17 G. 2, c. 5, shall be extended to all persons who shall deal in tickets without taking out a licence pursuant to 22 G. 3, e. 47, or fell chances of any ticket, or share thereof, for a day, or part of a day, or any less time than the whole time of drawing in any lottery; or insure, for or against the drawing of any such ticket or tickets; or receive any money or goods, to repay any sum or sums of money, or to deliver the same, upon any other chance or chances, relative to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the true intent and meaning of 17 G. 2, r. J, and shall be punishable as such accordingly. — All persons who shall be found offending against this act, in the manner above mentioned, shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before some justice or justices of the peace, who shall and may, upon full and sufficient proof of the offence, order such offender to be sent to the house of correction, there to remain until the next general or quarter sessions of the peace; and the justices, at such sessions, shall proceed therein according to the directions of the said act; and all justices of the peace, &c. are hereby impowered and strictly required to use their utmost endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offences aforesaid, by all lawful ways and means; and are hereby indemnified for any thing done in execution of this act.

From the passing of this act, the possessor of a whole ticket may insure it, by a written agreement, for its full value. — But such insurance mult be for the whole time remaining of the drawing; and the ticket-mud be deposited with the receiver general of the stamp duties, or some person appointed by.him to receive it: provided, that every such ticket so de-polited may be assignablf, together with such insurance.

Persons not duly licensed making insurances, become liable to the penalties of keeping unlicensed lottery offices.

No person, against whom any action, for the recovery of a pecuniary penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with effect, shall be liable to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond

.397

:. 3. c. 1.

398 Tickets.

bond under this a St for the same offence; nor (halt any person who has been convicted and sentenced to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act, be liable afterwards to be profecnted for any pecuniary penalty for the same offence.

S7C.3.C.1. All penalties and forfeitures, which shallbelong to his Majesty, and which shall be received by any officer, in the execution of this act, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the damp office for the time being, who thereout shall pay the expence the said office shall be put to in executing this act; and shall pay the residue into the receipt of the exchequer at such time, and in such manner, as other penalties due to his Majesty are or shall be paid or payable.

If any person shall at any time or times be sued, for any thing done in pursuance of this act,-and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall be non-suited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

Tithes.

-SSJT. c.6. /"''REAT tithes, are chiefly corn, hay, and wood. — Small

‘ VJ tithes, are the predial tithes of other kinds, together

with those which are called mixt and personal. — Offerings, oblations, and obventions, are the customary payments for communicants at Easter, for marriages, chriltenings, churching of women, burials, and such like.

U. Of these demand mult first be made, and if any person shall

fail in the payment of the same, by the space of 20 days after such demand, the person to whom the same shall be due, may make complaint* in writing to two justices of the peace, neither of whom is patron of the church or chapel, nor intcrelted in the tithes.

II. Hereupon the said justices shall summonf in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, every person against whom such complaint shall be made. — And after appearance, or default of appearance (the warning or summons being proved upon oath) the said justices shall proceed to hear and determine the complaint: and give in writing under their hands and seals, such compensation as they shall judge to be just and reasonable; and also such costs and charges, not exceeding 10s. as upon the merits of the cause shall appear just.

U. Also they may give costs, not exceeding 10s. to the party

prosecuted, if they shall find the complaint to be false and vexatious.

H. And if any person shall refuseorneglectby the space of ten

days after such notice given, to pay or satisfy such sum ad-

See Appendix, No. 8t. f See Appendix, No. S3.

judged;

Tithes.

399

judged; the constables and churchwardens, or any one of them,

/hall by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices, distrain* his goods.

But thediftrels shall be detained not less than four days, nor 17 O, j. c. 20. more than eight; and the officers may dedufi the charges not only of making and keeping the distress, butalfoof the sale.

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two justices, may appeal to the next sessions.

Where any quakerf shall refule to pay or compound for the 10.JI.2. e.6. same, any parson, vicar, or other person who ought to receive or collect! any such tithes, rates, dues, or payments, may make complaint to any two justices, other than such as is patron, or any way interested in the tithes.

Upon which complaint the justices shall summonj in writ- 2d. ing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning,' such quaker. — And may proceed to examine the truth of the complaint, and to ascertain and Itate what is due and payable.

And by order under their hands and seals, they may direct§ U. and appoint the payment thereof; so as the sum ordered (as is aforesaid) do not exceed .10I. — And also such coils and charges, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding 10s.

And on refusal to pay, it shall be lawful for any one of the 2d. two next justices, by warrant under his hand and seal, to levy the same by distress|| and sale, rendering the overplus, the necessary charges of distraining being thereout lirft deduced and allowed by the said justice; unless it be in the case of appeal, and then no warrant of distress shall be granted, till after the appeal shall be determined.

By the statute of the 27 G. 2, c. 20, which in all other cases gives the justices power, in their warrant of distress, to order the goods distrained to be detained for a certain time, not less than four nor more than eight days, the tithes and *church-rates of quakers arc excepted.

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two justices, may appeal to the next sessions.

THE justices shall a month before every sessions, ifl'ue their a (2 *3 c.

warrants to all high and petty constables, tosearchwhat c-l6-tobacco is> planted, cured, or made, and by whom; and to

Tobacco.

% See Appendix, No. S4*

I See Appendix, No. 26. || See Appendix, No. 8S.

It appears then, that church-rattt not paid by quakers, may be recovered before two justices of the peace, in like manner as theirttthci. See 7 & S JK e. 34. 1G. 1, /. a, r, 6.

make

4Q0 Tobacco.

make preferment in writing on oath at the next sessions, of the names of such persons as have planted, cured, or made any tobacco, and whatquantitvof land is or was planted, and who are the tenants or occupiers thereof, who shall also be deemed the planters.

21 & 23 C. 26. And all constables, and other public officers, shall, within 14 days after warrant from two justices, utterly destroy all tobacco feed, plant, and leaf planted, fosved, or growing in any field or ground. — And if any shall refuseor neglect to assist the constable, he shall on conviction before two justices, forfeit js. to be levied by warrant of the said justices by distress; and if no distress can be found, he shall be committed to the common gaol for one week. — And if any person shall refill the con-(lable or other person in the due execution hereof, he shall, on ' conviction before two justices,'forfeit 5I. by warrant of the said justices by distiefs; and if no distress can be found, shall be committed to the common gaol for three months.

1 C.f:. 2. r.46. Any servant employed in adulterating tobacco and fnu(F, shall, on conviction before two justices, by oath of one witness, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding six months.

24 C. 2. c. 41. And if any tobacco, or stalks, exceeding 241b. or snuff exceeding iolb. shall be found removing by land from the port of importation, without a certificate of payment of the duty, the same, together with the packages, horses, and carriages shall be forfeited; and the carrier shall besides be committed to the county gaol for one month by one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found.

The seizure of the said horses and carriages may be prosecuted and determined before two justices residing near the place where the seizure was made.

Torn.

a ILrw. 55. /-jTAIIE (hcrilPs torn is the king's court of record, bolden

before the (hcrifr, for the redressing of common grievances within the county.

52 3. r. 10. Peers, clergymen, and tenants in ancient demesne, are pri-

vileged from appearing at the torn.

Transferring

4Qi

Transferring Taxes*

Coaches, Carriages, and Horses.'

THIS act is intitled, an act for transferring the receipt and 25 3‘ r* 47-

management of certain duties therein mentioned from thecom-mijftoners of excise, and the commifponers of Jiamps respecti-'jely, to the of for the affairs of taxes.

For every coach, landau, or other four-wheeled carriage,

(except hackney coaches) shall be paid from July 5, 1785, the sum of 7I. per annum; for every calash, chaise, or other carriage, with two or three wheels, 3I. 10s. perannuni. The duties to be no longer under the management of of of excise and of damps, but under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes.

From and after the tenth day of October, the several powers and provisions, by the acts of the 23d and 24th years of his present Majesty, or either of them, made for paying, collecting, and securing the duties on waggons, wains, and other such carriages not charged with any duty under tile ma-nagement of the commissioners of excise; and also on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable, or for limiting the time or manner of paying the same, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall ceale and determine.

But nothing in this act contained shall extend to remove from the management of the commissioners of damps the licences granted by them to any person or persons exercising the trade and business of an horse-dealer, nor to remove the management of the duties charged on the owners of horses entered to dart or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, of other thing.

From and after the fifth day of July; 1783, so much of the act 23 G. 3, c. 66, charging duties upon waggons, and other carriages therein mentioned, as requires the said duties to be expressed in a licence for keeping such waggons and carriages, shall be no longer in force, but the same duties shall be payable without the form of a licence.

From July 5, 178;, the duties bn carriages, the duties ort waggons, &c. and on horses, shall be assessed, &c. by such persons; and in like manner, as the duties on houses and windows, granted by the several acts of 20 G. 2, c. 3; 20 6. 2, c. 42; 21 G. 2, c. 10; 26 G. 2, c. 17; 31 G. 2, c. 22.

2 G. 3, c. S; 6 G. 3, c. 38; 19 G. 3, c. 59; and 24 G. 3, r. 38. — And the transfer duties are to be applied as under the former acts.

F ff

The

402

2-5 5* r*

Transferring Taxes.

t7«. Th: ccrxiir'.issioners for putting in execution the said afis on houses, and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, shall be commisstor.ers for executing this present act; they shall meet every year on or before the thirtieth day of April; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate dillrids, and proceed in the execution of this present aci, for afiefling and collecting the duties on carriages and liorles, in the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, &c. except so far as any alteration is made by this act.

No person shall presume to act as a commidioner in the execution of this act, (except in adminidering the oath of qualification herein-after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths requisite to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, See. and also shall have taken the following oath; (that is to say),

I A. 15- do f-.vear, that I vsill truly and faithfully execute the cf - cf it comm-Jf.oner, according to an act made in th Z5//1 year of th reign cf Kino George the -third, for trantferring the receipt arj management tf certa-n duties therein mentioned from the cotn-tnijf oners cf eseeije, and the commijponers of Jlaraps respeeh-vely, to the ecnemijjiours for th affairs of taxes-, and also for making fur-, ther press'ftons in ref pets to the jcid duties Jo transferred; and nail/ determine, -.-s'tlhut favour or atjcBhu, upon all appeals which shall he brought before me, under the J'aid aci, according to th hjl of my jteid etstd knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the of, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorized to administer; and if any person shall act as a commissioner in the execution cf this act, (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken inch oaths, he shall, for every offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

The duties on carriages and horses, so to be assessed under this act, shall be paid quarterly, i. e. on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments to be made on the tenth day of Odo-ber, s-Sj, for the duties on coaches, chaises, &c.; and on the fifth day of January, 1786, for the duties on waggons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses.

If at any time there shall he a neglect of appointment of affeffors for the said duties on houses, and windows or lights; or if at any time the assessors appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act, it shall be lawful to and for the lurvevors or inspectors appointed under authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, &c. and they are hereby

authorized

Transferring Taxes. '403

authorized and required to do and perform .such and the like 25 G. 3‘ c- 47* fe'rvices as, by the said act, or any of them, are required from such assessors.

Every person appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor or inspeflor hereby authorized to act as an assessor, shall, before he presumes to act, take (beftdes the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by assessors, by the before-mentioned acts, relative to the duties on houses, &c.) an oath, or, being one of the people called quakers, make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form:

I A.B. do f-asear, [or affirm, as the case may require}, that in making {ho ajfpjfment, nsshtch by authority of an art, tnade in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, fortganfferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the commifjieners of Jiatnps respectively, to the commissouers for the affairs of taxes, I no ill charge all persons according to the befl of my Jhill and knowledge.

So help me GOD,

Which oath or affirmation, any two or more of the of, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any person so appointed to act as an assessor, shall prclumc to act before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

The of, in the precepts directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places, within their respective dillrifts or divisions, naming whom they shall think (it to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on houses, &c. shall cause notice to be inferred, that such persons are also appointed assessors'of the said recited dqtics upon carriages and horses.

Assessors shall, within fourteen days after their appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any carriage or horse liable to the said duties on carriages and horses, within the limits for which such assessors are to act, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days, one list in writing of carriages, liable to the said duties; the said lift to describe the greatest number of such carriages which such person shall have kept at any one time in the course of the year, ending on the fifth day of April preceding such notice, distinguishing which are kept for private use, and which for hire, and which are used as public stage coaches; and another list in writing of the number of horses liable to the said duties on horses; and every such person shall sign the same with his or her own hand, and fi f f z cause

404 Transferring Taxes.

z; G. j. r, 47. cause it to be delivered to such affcflor or assessors, wbcn he or they shall call for the same; and if any such person shall neglect or refafe to make oat, dgn, and deliver such lifts, within the time before mentioned, then such assessor or assessors shall, from the belt information he or they can obtain, make an af-l'cffaient upon such person.

And every such assesstr.cnt so made shall be final and conclusive open the person thereby charged, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, utilefs luc'n person shall alledge such excuse for not having delivered his or her lift or lifts, as the of shall think reasonable and suficient.

The lifts which shall be delivered, shall contain the greatest number of such carriages and horses, which the persons from whom such lilts are required, shall have at any time kept and used, between the fifth day of July, 1784, and the fifth day of April, 1785.

If any person, having been assessed under this act in one parish or district, for his or her carriages or horses within the fime, shall be again assessed in another parish or district, the of may and are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, if proof be made, as to the fast of payment, by producing a receipt signed by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or, by other reasonable evidence, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or the major part of them.

And the aforesaid proof, as to the fast of the party having been assessed clfewhrre, shall be made, either by producing a copy or certificate of the assessment, signed by two or more of of the district for which such assessment shall nave been made, or, by other evidence to the satisfaction of the of, or the majority of them.

Every person who Ctall be called upon by virtue of this act to give such lift or lifts as aforesaid, shall, when he orfhc shall give in fitch lift or iifts, make a declaration signed by him or her, of the number of such carriages and horses as he or flie shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the parish or district wherein he or 'she shall mean to pay for such other carriages and horses; and the said aflcflors shall enter the declaration at the end of their several assessments, and deliver them to the surveyor for each parish or district, that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the of for ma-nagingt'nc affairs of taxes.

In cate the lifts delivered to the afieffors shall be found deficient, they may furch.arge the same, and make a true assessment unon every person keeping such carriages or horses within their respective districts, of the real number of carriages or horses kept by every such person, distinguishing every such carriage or horsein manner herein-before directed.

Assessors

Transferring Taxes'. ' 405

Assessors shall, from time to time, make and deliver in Writ- -5 G. % . c. 47. ing their assessments of the said duties !on coaches, carriages, and horses,: within the limits for which they aft, unto the said of, or any two or more of them, within the spaoe of three calendar months next after the time of their beingap-pointed; and the said of shall, within one calendar month, or as soon after as conveniently maybe, fet-their hands to the said assessments, and to such surcharges as may have been made, either by the assessors, or surveyors, or inspeilors, telli-fying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise appoint two of the persons named or presented in each of such assessments to.be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said of shall think able and responsible for the respective divisions for which collectors shall be so presented J and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, so allowed of, unto the persons by them nominated to be.collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the receiver-general;, the parish or place for which they arefo employed shall be answer-pble. . . . i

Surveyors under the before-mentioned acts may inspect the lifts of carriages and horses before they are signed, and amend , them, if they shall see just cause for so doing; and if such surveyors discover any omissions after the lifts arc signed, they are to certify the same in writing, together with an account of every carriage and: horse omitted, and its proper description according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of, in order to have such omission or under-rate rectified ill the said assessment; and such of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

Where any person liable, under the directions herein-before contained, to deliver such lifts or declarations as aforesaid to the assessoror assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift or declaration, to such assessor or assessors; he or she so refilling or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the film of ten pounds.

Where any assessor, fnrveyor, or inspector, shall make a surcharge upon any person for or in respect of any carriage or horse omitted to be inserted in any such lift or declaration as aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after the rate of double the duty for every carriage or horse so omitted; and the afleffor, surveyor, or inspector, so making such surcharge, shall be, and is hereby intitled to, and shall have and receive for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every fnr-charge which shall be jultly made upon any such lift or declaration.

Inhabitant

406

15 G. 3. e.47.

Transferring Taxes.

Inhabitant householders shall deliver lifts of lodgers who keep carriages or horses liable to the said duties, on a week's notice left by the assessor, &c. containing the christian and surnames of such lodgers and inmates, and also an account of every such carriage, with such description as is herein-before required, and of every herse liable to the said duty, on a penalty of 10I.

If any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves over-charged, or over-rated by any assessment, charge, orfurcharge, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the said of; and any two or more of them, shall hear and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her lid or lids, and shall not aliign fuficient cause for such omilGon; in which case it shall be lawful for the said of to dismiss the -appeal.

At the time of hearing the appeal, the appellant shall deliver, on oath, a lilt of the greated number of carriages and horses kept by him, or her, within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every such year, with such description and explanation, and also such lid or declaration as to other dif-trifls as is herein-before required; and all such appeals shall be . heard and determined on the days to be appointed, andin the manner directed by the several acts herein-before mentioned, with rtfpeS to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

The of shall not make any abatement in the charge, unless it shall appear, on oath, that the appellant is over-rated.

Every person intending to appeal to the said of, shall give at the lead ten days' notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to one or more of the afielTors of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor and nffcfl'ors, and appellant, shall have full power and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said of determining the same-

' Commissioners may remit the penalty before directed to be paid to the alTelfor, upon application of such appellant, if they shall be of opinion, that there was any doubt whether the carriage or horse fofurcharged was rateable, and was not omitted with any intention to defraud the revenue.

If it shall appear to the of that such surchargcwas falsely and vrxatiously made, such surveyor, assessor, &c. shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punishments as in and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be infiifled on surveyors, inspectors, or alfeliors, for neglect of duty.

All appeals once heard and determined by the said of, or any two or more ol them, or the major part of them

then

Transferring Taxes.

then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing 15 G. of appeals, shall be final, except .that if either the said fur-' veyor or inspector, or the person so appealing, shall apprehend the determination made by the said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall be lawful to require the said of to (late specially, and lign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; andcause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be transmitted to one of the justices of thecourtof king's bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer.

And every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an anfiver to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of the appeal,- shall be altered or confirmed ; and in Scotland, such case shall be transmitted to ther court of session.

but the determination of the said of shall stand with respect to the payments which shall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, jiidgej or baron, upon such case.

Every penalty, under this act, of a greater sum than twenty pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; or in the court of session, &c. in Scotland, if the matter shall arile in that part of the united kingdoms ; and one moiety shall belong to his Majesty, and the other to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

The assessments which are to be made under the authority of this a ft, shall be' made for all horses whatsoever belonging to any person within the kingdom of Great Britain, which shall, on any occasion, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage now or hereafter subject to any excise duty.

Provided that on proof, on oath, made to the satisfaction of the said of, that such horse, for which any person occupyingafarm, not worth more than 1501. a year to be let, shall have been foaflefled, has been only used for the purpose of riding to and from market, or church, or other place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horselhall belong.

In all cases where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more justices, on proof of the offence, cither

407

3-M7-

408

ZS ®- 3*f- 47*

19 G. 3. t. 74.

2 Hsrsj, ^0. Halts ?:.'i6S. 373-

Transferring Taxes.

ther by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety of such lad mentioned penalty shall be paid to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; in case of nonpayment, it shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the diilrefs and sale, shall be rendered to theowner; for want of fuffidentdiilrefs, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of the county, town, or place, for not more than six months, nor leis than one, as such justices shall think proper.

All condables and headboroughs, and other officers, are hereby required to be aiding and affiding in the execution of this act.

All actions for any offence againdthis aft, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed; and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void.

Transpoitation.

Punishmentin lieu of transportation.

PENITENTIARY honfes, for confining and employing hard labour, in one of the said houses, such male convicts, and in the other such female convicts, as shall be ordered to imprisonment and hard labour, were, in pursuance of this act, to be erected: but the act expiring in June 1784, it was not judged necessary to trouble the reader with it.

Treason.

THO' treason and misprision of treason are not within the letter of the commidion of the peace, yet inasmuch as they are against the peace of the king and of the realm, any judice of the peace may, either upon his own knowledge, or the complaint of others, cause any person to be apprehended for any such offence. — And such judice may take the examination of the person so apprehended, and the information of all those who can give any material evidence against him, and put the lame in writing; and also bind over such as are able to give any such evidence to the king's bench, or gaol delivery, and certify his proceedings to such court.

And

Treason. 4°9

And having committed the offender (for.he.isby no means' bailable by justices of the peace, 3 Ed. 1. c. 15. 2 Haw. 99.) it may be adviseable for him tofend an account immediately, of all the particulars, to a secretary of (late, ' -

The nature of treason which had not been exaflly defined before, was ascertained by the 25 Ed.. 3. — Which aft was reinforced by the 1 Mar. — So. that no offence is now to be esteemed high treason, unless declared to be such by the said statute 25 Ed. 3. pr by the t Mar. or by fqme subsequent lla-tute. ' - ! >

Treasurer.

THE treasurers shall be persons resident in the county of izG.i. c. 29 .

division, and shall be appointed by the justices at their general or quarter-sessions; first giving sufficient security to be accountable for the money which shall be paid to them in pursuance of this act (for levying of county-rates) and to pay such fumsas shall be' ordered by the justices in sessions, and for the due and faithful execution of the trusts reposed in them.

Turnips, &c, &c. &c,

IF any person shall steal and carry away, or maliciously pull 13 (5.3- f-3!-up or destroy, any turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parfiups, pease, or carrots, growing or being in any garden, lands, or grounds, open or enclosed, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by confession or oath of one witness, forfeit such film', not exceeding 10s. over and above the value of the goods liolen, as to such justice shall ieem meet; first making the-owner satisfaction for the damage: the film forfeited to be distributed between the owner of the goods stolen and the over-leers of the poor where the offence is' committed, or the whole to be given either to the owner of the goods, or to the over-leers of the poor, as the justice shall think fit. — And in default of payment, the justipe shall commit him to the house of cop-rection, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

Where the conviction shall bp on the oath of the owner, the whole of the penalty shall be paid to the overseer for the use of the poor.

And the conviction shall be drawn up to the following cf-. fefl: Be it remembered, that on the day of t»

the fear of our Lord A. B. >1 duly cowvifledbefore me

C. D. tfquire, cue of his majesty't jufiicet of the feac. for th(

Ggg tcuntj

410

Turnips, &c. &c. &c.

ctnij ef [specifying the offence, and the time and

place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.] Gives mder toy band andfcal the day and year astre-faii.

Vagrants.

i. Idle and disorderly persons.

IDLE and disorderly persons shall be sent to the house of correction; by the 17 G. 2. e. 5. they are thus described:

1. All persons who threaten to run away, and leave their wives and children to the parish. — 2. All persons who shall unlawfully return to the parish or place from whence they have been legally removed, without bringing a certificate — 3. All persons who not having wherewith to maintain themselves, live idle without employment, and refuse to work for the usual and common wages given to other labourers in the like work, in the parishes or places where they are. — 4. All persons going about from door to door, or placing themselves in ilreets, highways, or passages, to beg or gather alms in the parishes or places where they dwell. It shall be lawful for one justice to commit such offenders (on the oath of one witness) to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month. — The justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, may order any overseer where such offender shall be apprehended, to pay 5s. to any person in such parish or place so.apprehending him, for every offender so apprehended; to be allowed in Ms accounts, on producing the justice's order, and the person's receipt to whom it was paid; and if the overseer shall neglect or refnfe to pay the same; the said justice on oath thereof, may by his warrant order the same to be levied by distress and sale of his goods, (returning the overplus if any to the said overseer) and in such case be shall not be allowed the lame in his accounts.

2. Rogues and vagabonds.

j;G. 2.C.5. AN infant under the age of seven years, shall not be said to be a rogue and vagabond; but shall be removed to its place of settlement, as other poor persons not vagrants.

All persons going about as patent-gatherers, or gatherers of alms, under pretences of loss by fire, or other casualty.

Persons going about as collectors for prisons, gaols, orhof-pitals.

Fencers.

Vagrants.

o

Fencers. >7 O.-.

Bearwards.

Common players of interludes, or other entertainments of the (tage, not being authorized by law.

Minstrels, except those licensed by the lord of Dutton in Cheshire.

Jugglers.

All persons pretending to be gypsies, or wandering in the habit or form of Egyptians.

0r pretending to have (kill in physiognomy, palmeltry, or like crafty science, or to tell fortunes.

Or uling any subtle craft to deceive and impose on any of his Majesty's subjects.

Or playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays.

All persons who rnn away, and leave their wives or children, whereby they become chargeable to any parish or place.

All petty chapmen, and pedlars, wandering abroad, not being duly licensed, or otherwise authorized by law.

Air persons wandering abroad, and lodging in alehouses, barns, outhouses, or in the open air, not giving a good account of themselves.

All persons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be soldiers, mariners, or seafaring men. — But not soldiers wanting subsistence, having lawful certificates from their officers, or the secretary at war; or mariners or seafaring men licenced by some teflimonial or writing under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace, fettingdown the time and place of their landing or discharge, and the place to which they are to pass, and the names of the chief towns or places through which they are to pass, and limiting the time of their passage.

All persons wandering abroad, pretending to go to work in harvest, without a proper certificate, from their parish.

All other persons wandering abroad and begging; and all *3 G. persons having any implement for house-breaking, or any offenfive weapon with felonious intent — (halt be deemed rogues and vagabonds within the meaning of the statnte 17 G. z.

‘-5- .

3. Incorrigible Rogues

ARE all end-gatherers offending against the statute of the 17 G. 13 G. being convicted of such offence, viz. the collcfling, buying, receiving, or carrying any ends of yarn, wefts, thrums, short yarn, or other refuse of cloth, drugget, or other wopllen goods.

4ii

1. c. 5.

3. t. SS.

Gggz -

All

412

17G.S. f.5

U.

V.

l~G. 3. c.

Vagrants.

A.I1 persons apprehended as rogues and vagabonds, and having escaped from the persons apprehending them, or refuting to go before a justice, or to be examined on oath before such justice, or refusing to be conveyed by such pass as is herein after di-reiled, or knowing!}' giving a false account of themselves on such examination, after warning given them of their punishment.

All rogues or vagabonds who shallbreak or escape out of any house of correction, before the expiration of the term for which they were committed or ordered to be confined by this act.

All persons who after having been punished as rogues and vagabonds, and discharged, shall again commit any of the said offences.

If any person shall be found offending against this act, the constable shall apprehend him, and convey or cause him to be conveyed to a juiliceof thepeace_And any other person may

apprehend him, and carry him to the constable, or to a justice.

If any person, not being a constable, shall apprehend any such rogue or vagabond, and shall deliver him to a constable, or convey him to a justice; or if any constable shall so apprehend and convey him, it shall be lawful for such justice to reward him, by making an order under his hand and seal, upon the high constable, to pay ios. to the person so apprehending him, within oneweek after demand, and producing such order, and on his giving a receipt for the same: which shall be allowed by the treasurer to such high constable, on passing his accounts, and delivering such order and receipt, and also his own receipt for the same to such treasurer; the treasurer also to be allowed the same in his accounts, on producing the said vouchers; and in towns corporate, and other places, where there are no high constables, such petty constable shall pay or retain such reward, and be allowed the same In his account, on producing the like vouchers. — And if any high constable, or where there is none, such petty constable, shall refuse or neglect to pay such reward on demand, such justice by his warrant* may levy the sum of aos. by distress and sale.

If the constable- shall refuse or neglect to use his best endeavours to apprehend or convey to some justice such offender; or if any other person, being charged by any justice so to do, shall rcfu'c or neglect to use his best endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the constable, or to carry such offender before some justice, where noconstablecan be found; helhall, being couviclcd thereof on view, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit ios. to the poor, by distress.

The justices, or two of them, shall four times a year at Icaft, or oftener (if need be) meet in their respective divisions,

S;e Afpcr.dit, No. 99.

and

Vagrants. 4*3

and by their warrant command the constables of every hundred, parish, town, and hamlet, who shall be a Aided with sufficient men, to make a general privy search in one night, for the apprehending of rogucsand vagabonds; and every'j office shall also on receiving information, that rogues and vagabonds are in any place within his jurisdiction, issue his warrant to the condabie to search for and apprehend such rogues and vagabonds, and such as they shall find upon such search, they shall cause to be brought before a juliice.

Two justices, in case any person apprehended upon a ge- 25 G. i- c. 361 neral privy search, or by a special warrant, (Hal! be-charged before them with being a rogue and vagabond, or ah idle or disorderly person, or with suspicion of felony (although no di-rest proof be then made thereof) may examine such person on oath, as to his settlement and means of livelihood; and the substance of such examination shall be put in writing, and signed by such person, and by thejulliccs, and be transmitted to the next sessions to be filed; and if such person shall not shew that he has a lawful way of getting his livelihood; or shall not procure (omcrefponfiblehousekeeper to his character, and give security (if required) for his future appearance at some other day to be fixed for that purpose, the justices may commit him to some prison or house of correction; for any time not exceeding six days; and in the mean time order the overseers of the poor to advertize in some public paper a description of his person, and any thing that shall be found on him, or in his custody, and which he shall be suspected not to have come honestly by, and the place of his commitment, and the time and place appointed for his re-examination; and if no accusation shall be then laid against him, he shall be discharged, or otherwise dealt with according to law.

Where any rogues or vagabonds, apprehended by any con- 17 G. *$ dable, or such other person as aforesaid, shall be brought before a justice, he shall inform himself by the examination upon oath of the person apprehended, or of any other person, of the condition and circumstances of the person so apprehended, and of the parish or place where he was last legally settled: the substance of which shall be put into writing, and be signed by the person or persons so examined; and the justice shall likewise (ign the same, and transmit it to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

And such justice shall order such person so apprehended, to Id. be publickly whipt by the condabie, petty condabie, or some other person, to be appointed by such condabie, or petty condabie, of the parish or place, where such person was apprehended ; or shall order him to be sent to the house of corrcflion till the next sessions, or for any less time, as such judice shall think proper.

The

AH

13 (3 14 C. i. e. 12.

17 C. 2. r. 5.

££

/£

H.

u.

u.

Vagrants.

The judice? in sessions may transport such rogues, vagabonds, and Hardy beggars, as shall be duly convicted, and adjudged to bn incorrigible.

If the child of any vagrant, above the age of seven years, shall be committed to the house of correction, the ju dices in sessions, if they fee convenient, at any time before such child be discharged, may order such child to be placed out as a servant or apprentice to any person within their jurisdiction, who is willing to take loch child, till such child shall be of the age of :i years, or for a less time: and if any offender, who was found wandering with such child, shall be again found with the same child which was so placed out, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

Where any vagrants have been committed to the house of correction till the next sessions, if on examination of such persons no place can be found, to which they may be conveyed by a pass, the sessions shall order them to be detained and employed in the house of correction, until they can provide for themselves, or until the justices in sessions can place them in some lawful calling, as servants, apprentices, soldiers, mariners, or otherwise.

After whipping or confinement, the justice may, if he thinks convenient, by a pass, under hand and seal, cause the vagrant to be conveyed to the place of his lait legal settlement; but if it cannot be found, then to the place of his birth; or if he be under the age of 14 years, and have any father or mother living, then to the place of the abode of such. father or mother, there to be delivered to some churchwarden or over-seer.

And the justice shall make a duplicate of the pass and examination, and sign the same: and shall afterwards transmit the duplicate of the pass, annexed to the examination, to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept on record; and shall annex the duplicateof the examination to'the pass, and fend it with the same; and the said pass, examination, and duplicate thereof, shall and may be read in any court of record as evidence.

And the justice, who shall make the pass, shall with the pass cause likewise to be delivered to the condable a note or certificate ascertaining how they are to be conveyed, by horse, err:, or on foot, and what allowance such condable is to have for conveying them.

And the condable, who shall receive such pass and certificate, shall convey the person according to the direction of the psf, the next direst way to the place where lie is ordered to be ion!, if it be in the same county, riding, divisinn, corporation, or franchise; if not, he shall deliver the said person to the condable c: the firti town, pariib, or place, in the next

county.

Vagrants. 415

county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; in the direct way to the place whither he is to be conveyed, together with the pass and duplicate of the examination, taking his receipt for the same. And such constable shall without delay apply to some justice in the same county or division, who shall make the like certificate, and deliver it to such constable, who shall with all speed convey such person unto the firltparish, town, or place to which he is to be conveyed. — And so from one county or division to another, till they come to the place to which such person is sent. — And the constable, who shall deliver such person to the churchwarden, or other person ordered to receive him, by such pass, shall at the same time deliver the said pass, with the duplicate of the examination, taking their receipt for the same.

The justices in sessions shall limit what rates and allowances, 17 G. 2. c. 5. by the mile, or otherwise, shall be made, for conveying or maintaining rogues, vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues; and make such other orders for the more regular proceeding therein, as they shall think proper.

And if any petty constable shall bring to any high constable IJ. such certificate as aforesaid, together with a receipt or note from the constable to whom the person was delivered, the said high constable shall pay the rates ascertained by such certificate, taking the petty constable's receipt. — And if the high conlta-blc shall refuse or neglect to pay the same on demand, it shall be lawful for one justice, by his warrant, to levy double the sum by distress.

Where the high constable haih not money in his hand fufli- s6 C. 2. c. 34; cient to answer the said expences, the treasurer shall pay the same to such petty constable, on his producing the certificate, and such other vouchers as aforesaid.

If a petty constable, or governor of any house of correction, 17c-1- *

shall counterfeit such certificate or receipt, or knowingly permit any alteration to be made therein, he shall forfeit 50I_

And if he shall not convey, or cause to be conveyed, such vagrants, or not deliver them to the proper person; or if any constable shall refuse to receive any such person, or to give such receipt, he shall forfeit 20I. by distress and falc, by warrant of the justices in sessions, where the offence shall be committed; half to the informer, and half to the treasurer, to be applied, by him as part of the public Hock; returning the overplus upon demand, charges of distress being first satisfied.

The parish or place to which any rogue, vagabond, or in- W-corrigible rogue shall be conveyed, shall employ in work or place in some workhouse or almshouse, the person so conveyed, until he shall betake himself to some service or other employment : and if he shall refuse to work, or not betake himself to some service or other employment, the overseers may cause

him

Vagrants.

him to br carried to some justice to be sent to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour.

But if the churchwarden or other person, who shall receive any person so sent, shall think the examination to be false, he may carry the person so sent before a justice, who, if he fee cause, may commit such person to the house of- correction till the next fcllions; and the ju dices there, if they fee cause, may deal with such person as an incorrigible rogue;- but the per- , son so sent shall not be removed from the place to which he' is sent, but by order of two justices, in the same manner as other poor persons are removed to the place of their settlement.

Lunatick vagrants may be apprehended, and' kept safely locked up in some secure place within the county, or precinct, as two justices shall appoint; and all charges shall be paid by the parish, township, or place, to which such person belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens and overseers for that purpose.

If any person shall knowingly permit any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, to lodge or take (belter in his house, barn, or other outhouse or building, and shall not apprehend and carry him before a justice, or give notice to the constable fotodo; and shall be convicted thereof by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 10s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress and sale; and if any charge shall be brought on any parish or place, by means of such offence, the same shall be answered to the said parish or place by such offender, and be levied by distress and sale of his goods as aforesaid: and if fuficient distress cannot be found, such offender shall be committed to the house of correction by the justice, for any time not exceeding one month.

Where any vagrant woman shall be delivered of a child or children, and become chargeable, the churchwardens or overseers may detain such woman in their custody until they can safely convey her to a justice; who shall examine her, and commit her to the house of correction until the next sessions; who may, if they fee convenient, order her to be publickly whipped, and detained in the house of correction for any further time cot exceeding six months. — And upon application by the churchwardens and overseers of the place where (he was so delivered, the justices at such sessions shall order the treasurer to pay them such a sum, as shall be adjudged a reasonable satisfaction for the charges such place has been put to on such woman's account. — And if such woman shall be detained and conveyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which (he is delivered, ifabaflard, shall not be fctt'cd in the place where so born, nor be sent thither for v.'2nt of other settlement, by a

pass.

-Vagrants; 417

Jsafs, by virtue of this act; but the settlement of such woman shall be deemed the settlement of such child.

And that it may appear, that the overseers have done what Barn, Art. was incumbent upon them, in ordet to avoid such settlement, Vagrant. it is requisite for the justice (as he ought to do in all other cases wherein he afteth as judge) to make a record of the whole proceedings before him; which record (as it seemeth) will be the proper evidence in such case, if the settlement shall afterwards be contested.

If any con liable, or other officer, shall bedefeflive ih his 17 G.t. c. 5, duty, in any case for which no punishment is herein before particularly provided; or if any person shall hinder the execution of this act, and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not exceeding cl. nor under 10s. to the poor bydiltrefs; and, if sufficient distress cannot be found, mail be committed to the houie of correction to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding two months.

To defray the expences of apprehending, conveying, and id. maintaining rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, and defraying all other expences necessary for the execution of this act, not herein before provided for, the ju dices in sessions may cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as the general county rate.

Any person aggrieved by the act of any justice out of sessions; id. in or concerning the execution of this act, may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the county, riding, liberty, or division, giving reasonable notice thereof; whose order thereupon shall be final.

This act, after a recital of 6 G. 1, c. 19, empowers justices 17 G. 3. c. it. to commit those vagrants, and other persons charged with small offences, either to the common gaol, or to any house of cor.

ion, within their respective jurisdictions, as to such justices shall seem moll proper, whom by any law nowin force, or hereafter to be made, they are, or shall be authorized to commit to the common gaol.

Warrant.

IF ajusticefcea felony or other breach of the peace com- a H. H. S6.

mined in his presence, he may in his own person apprehend the felon; and so he may by word command any person to apprehend him, add such command is a good warrant without writing: but if the same be done in his absence, then he mult issue his warrant in writing.

There seems to be no doubt, but that a warrant may be law- itian. . fully granted by any juflife, for treason, felony, or prsmu*

H h h nire.

418

Bzrr, hUatz.

> H. H.

in.

D-!:. r. 169.

H. 11. jo-

H. 11. Sc.

s ih--. s5.

«.

u.

Warrant.

nire, or any other offence against the peace: Also it seems clear, that wherever a lHtute gives to any one justice a juris-diiition over any offence, or a power to require any person to do a certain thing ordained by Inch statute, it by implication gives a power to every such juliice to make out a warrant to bring before him any person accused of such offence, dr compellable to do the thing ordained by such statute; for it cannot but be intended, that a statute giving a person jurisdiction over an offence, doth mean also to give him the power incident to all courts of compelling the party to come before bim.

Bnt in cases where the king is no party, or where no corporal punishment is appointed, as in cases for Tenants' wages, and the like, it seemeth that a summons is the more proper process: and for default of appearance the justice may proceed ; and so indeed oftentimes it is directed by special natures

It is convenient, though not always necessary, that the party who demands the warrant be first examined on oath, touching the whole matter whereupon the warrant is demanded, and that examination put in writing.

Or at leafs it is safe to bind him over to give evidence; less afterwards when the offender shall be apprehended, or shall surrender himself, the party that procured the warrant be gone.

A justice hath power to issue a warrant to apprehend a person suspected of felony. — For the justices are judges of the reasonablenels of the suspicion, and when they have examined the party acculing, touching the reasons of his suspicion, if they find the causes cf suspicion to be reasonable, it is now become the justices' suspicion as well as his.

Yet insomuch as justices claim this power rather by connivance, than any express warrant of law, and since the undue execution of it may prove so highly prejudicial to the reputation as well as the liberty of the party, a justice cannot well be too tender in his proceedings of this kind, and seems to be punishable not only at the suit of the king, but also of the party grieved, if hegrant any such warrant, without such probable cause as might induce a candid and impartial man to fuf-pecl the party to be guilty.

It is safe, but perhaps not necessary, in the body of the warrant to shew the place where it was made; yet it seems ne-cdiary to set forth the county, in the margin at lead, if it be not set forth in the body.

It may be directed to the sheriff, bailiff, constable, or to any indifferent person by-name who is no officer; for the justice may authorize any one to be his officer, whom he pleases to make such; yet it is moss adviseable to direst it to the con-ffableof the precinct wherein it is to be executed, for that no

other

Warrant.

other con liable, and a fortion no private person is compellable to serve it.

In the case of an act of parliament, if the act directeth that a justice shall1 grant a warrant, and doth not say to whom it shall be directed, by consequence of law it mud be directed to the con liable, and it cannot be directed to the sheriff, unless such power is given in the act.

The warrant, especially if it be for the peace or good behaviour, or the like, where sureties are to be found or required, ought to contain the special cause and matter whereupon it is granted, to the intent the party upon whom it is to be served may provide his sureties, and take them with him to the justice to be bound for him; but if the warrant be for treason, murder, or felony, dr other capital offence, the warrant of the justice may be to bring the party before him, to make answer to such things or matters generally, as shall be objected against him on the king's behalf.

The warrant may issue to bring the party before the justice who granted the warrant speciailj, and then the officer is bound to bring him before the same justice; but if the warrant be to bring him before any justice, then it is in the election of the officer to bring him before what justice of the county he (the officer) thinks lit, and notin the election of theprisoner.

Finally, it ought to be under the hand and seal of the justice who makes it out.

If any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued, shall escape out of the jurisdiction of the justice granting the warrant; any justice for the county or place, where such person shall so escape or be, upon proof on oath of the handwriting of the justice granting such warrant, shall indorse his name thereon; which shall be a sufficient authority to the person bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom the same was originally directed, to execute the same in such other county or place; and to carry the offender before the justice who tndorfed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of that county, if the offence be bailable, and the offender be ready to give bail for his appearance at the next affixes or feffi-ons for the county or place where the offence was committed; and such justice or juliices shall take bail accordingly, and shall deliver the recognizance together with the examination or confession of the offender, and all other proceedings relating thereto, to the constable or other person, who shall (on pain of tol. to him who shall fuc) deliver over the same to the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, where the offender is required to appear. — And if the offence is not bailable, or he shall not give bail to the satisfaction of the justice before whom he is brought, the'constable or other person shall carry the offender before a justice of the proper county or place where the offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

Hhhz The

4I9

L. Raya* 1192*

2 Salk. 3$i.

Dah. c. ifo. zII.U. ui.

1 Ho IT. 5S3.

2 II. II, 152.

a Ibw. 8$«

*4 G. i. r. S3-

420

Warrant,

The form of which indorsement may be thusi

FORASMUCH as proof ttpcn oath hath been made before me one of his Majests justices of the peace for the county of that the name' A. B. is of the hand-viriting of the justice of the peace 'within mentioned: I do hereby authorises C. D. -who bringeth me this 'warrant, and all other persons to whom the said 'warrant is directed, to execute the same 'within the said county of . Given under my hand, the ' day of in the year

Son, mhraa. And the jnfHce may further order (ifhe thinks fit) theparty, according as he shall appear bailable or not bailable upon the face of the warrant, to be brought before himself or some other justice or justices of that county, or to be carried back into the county from whence the warrant did issue.

Watch and Ward.

Psa. c.io^, "t T TAT CHIN G is properly intended of the night,'and

W warding for the day time: and both ought to be by men able of body, and sufficiently weaponed.

Da.':, e. 159. Ifa watchman take any for suspicion of felony, he may deliver such persons to the constable, or may convey them to a justice, to be examined, and to be bound over or committed until they be acquitted in due manner.

5 Ar.91. If a watchman be killed in endeavouring to apprehend a

burglar, his executors shall be entitled to 40!. reward.

Weights and Measures,

S K. 6. e. 5. A STANDARD of weights 3nd measures is to be kept 11 B. 7. c. 4. f~\ in market towns, at which balance all the inhabitants may freely weigh without paying any thing; and justices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, and stewards of franchises may enqaire of offenders against this ordinance, and do execution of them that be found faulty.

The mayors, and other head officers in market towns, shall twice a year or oftner cause all weights and measures within the same, to be brought before them, and examined; and such as they find defective, to be broken and burnt; and the offender shall forfeit to the mayor or other officer, for the first

time.

Weights and Measures. 42J.

time, 6s. 8d', for the second"time, ijs. 4d. and for the third time zos. and be set on the pillory.

And whosoeverihallfellby any other weight, measure, or 16C. r.ig, yard, not according to the standard, or keep any such whereby any thing is bought or sold, shall forfeit 5s. on couviction before one justice, or mayor, on oath of one witness; to be levied by tire churchwardens and overseers, or some of them, to the use of the poor, by dill refs. — In default of didrefs, imprisonment till paid.

But after all, Dr. Burn observes, notwithstanding the pu-nishments aforesaid, appointed by statute, for felling by false weights and measures; yet the same is also an offence' at the common law, and consequently may be punished by indictment, fine, and imprisonment.

Windows.

THOUGH in the execution of this act, a justice of the peace as such is not concerned, yet it may not be amiss to point out a few particulars which may often come under his cognizance as a commissioner appointed to act under it.

By this act from-Sept. 15, 1784, all duties on tea shall cease; but a duty of 12I.10S. per cent. shall be paid for all c'* ' tea delivered by the company to the purchasers thereof; to be computed upon the grof9 prices at which such tea shall be fold.

By this act also, from Oft. 10, 1784, the following addi- W. tional duties shall be paid for all inhabited houses in Great Britain.

For every dwelling house hitherto rated in future.

Having 7 windows an addition of

8 ditto

9 ditto.

10 ditto 1

11 ditto.

12 ditto.

13 ditto -

14 ditto > -

15 ditto . -

10 ditto

17 ditto.

18 ditto.

19 ditto v

zo ditto.

?l ditto.

1. s. d.

at 33.

0 6 .0

0 6 0

. 0 8 0

- 0 10 6

- 0 13 0

- 0 15 6

- 0 18 0

- 1 1 0

- 1 5 0

- 1 10 0

- X i$'°

- 2 0 0

- 2 5 0

- 2 10 0

2 *5 0

% 0 0

Having

Windows.-

422

Having zz ditto - 3 5 0

23 ditto - . x 10 b

24 ditto - 3 *5 b

25 to Z9 windows ditto - 4 0 0

30 — 34 ditto- - 4 .10 0

33 — 39 ditto - 5 0 0

40 — 44 ditto . 5 0

... 45 — 49 ditto - 6 0 0

50 — 34 ditto - 6 10. b

53 — 39 ditto - 7 0 0

60 — 64 ditto - 7 10 . 0

. 63 — 69 ditto 8 0 0

70 — 74 ditto - 8 10 0

75 — 79 ditto - 9 0 0

80 — 84 ditto - 9 10 0

85 — 89 ditto - 10 0 0

90 — 94 ditto - - - 10 10 0

95 — 99 ditto - 11 0 0

loo — 109 ditto - 1Z 0 0

iio — 119 ditto - 13 0 .0

izo — 129 ditto - 14 0 0

130 — 139 ditto - «r 0 0

140 — 149 ditto - 16 0 ,0

150 — 139 ditto - . - 17 .9 0

160 — 169 ditto - 18.0 .0

170 — 179 ditto - 19 0 0

180 and upwards - 20 0 0

N. B. If the number of windows exceeds 25. the old tax is

after the rate of zs. per window, let the number be what it may. But the r.r-ju tax hops at t8o; twenty pounds being the utmost sum chargeable by 24 G. 3. c. 38.

1-M- Aay Per*°n occupying more than two houses, is liable to ^ S3.J pay only for those two, which have the greatest number of windows; of which, if charged to any other, he shall deliver in to the collector a declaration in writing; to be by him delivered over to the Purveyor of thediliridt. — Any person not paying for such wo houses, forfeits jol. ji. All the above rates and duties are charged in addition to

those charged by 6-G. 3. c. 38. and 19 G. 3. ,r. 39. being both for granting duties upon houses, &c.

U. The assessments are to be made for railing these duties from

OS. 10, 1784, to April j, 1785, to be certified by the aflcffors, and returned to the commiUiooers on or before Dec. 3, 1784. — And the Purveyors shall certify their surcharges for raising the said duties for the said two quarters to the said of, on or before Feb. zo, 178; — And all appeals shall and may be heard and-determined between March 6, 178^, and April 4, 17S;. And from and jfterthe 5th day of April, 17S5, the duties shall be annually aifeiTcd for one \yhole year.

The

Windows.

The said duties shall'bc paid quarterly in England on the four usual quarterly days of payrient, viz. Jan. 6, April 5, c. 83 July 5, Oft. 10. The firftto be on Jan. 5, 1785. — In Scotland, oh or before March 2j, and on-or before Sept. 29.'

The said duties are to be charged on the occupier, not on Id. the landlord: and such as are exempted from the actual payment of church and poor rates shall not be liable to this duty.

The monies arising from this act are to be paid into the Exchequer by the receiver-general of the customs; and if there'is any surplus in one quarter above 87,1361. 16s. 8d. it shall be paid to the receiver-general of excise. '

Commissioners and alfessors under former act9 relating to the Id. duties on houses and windows, shall be of and affeffors for executing this act, and thall meet on or before Oft. 11, 1784.; or if not then, they may meet and execute this act at any other time.

If no assessors shall be appointed, fnrveyors may do their Id. duty; who twice a year are to make a surcharge of houses omitted or undercharged.

Where houses are let in different tenements, the landlord Id. shall be deemed the occupier.

Every chamber or apartment in the inns of court shall be Id. subject to these duties, as if it were an entire house.

Houses occupied by the Royal Family, warehouses, hospi- Id. talsi charity schools, houses for the poor, except the apartments occupied by the officers or house servants thereof, are exempt from the said duties.

No person is to gain a settlement by payment of these rates. - Id.

All noufes shall be deemed uninhabited, unless they shall Id. be inhabited by the owner, servants, or tenants.

Commissioners are not to act till they have taken the oaths Id. of Office, and of allegiance, on pain of forfeiting 200I. and in Scotland on penalty of zol. — For the aflelfors' and commiflU oners' oath fee the oaths of office, at the end.

The qualification of of within the city of Lon- Id. don, St. Martin le Grand; and the city and liberty of Westminster, shall be 2000I. at lead.

Every person intending to appeal shall give ten days' notice Id. to the alteflors; and the determination of the of ftjall'be final.

All constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other his Id. Majesty's officers shall be aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and in executing such precepts and warrants as shall be directed to them by any three or more of.

3 ./#.*.

Witnesses.

424

?7 3-Ci

T % 2Le.j.

26 <7. 2- f. 33, t,Eavg, 144.

}3 Jt f.7.

Witnesses.

FROM Aug. I, 1787, the inhabitants shall be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission of any offence within the limits of any parish, township, or place, notwithstanding the penalty incurred by such offence, or any part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the poor of such parish, township, or place, or otherwise, for the benefit or nfe, or in aid or exoneration of such parish, township, or place, provided the penalty or penalties to be recovered do not exceed the sum of twenty pounds.

Women.

IF any person shall unlawfully and carnally know and abuse any woman child under the age of ten years, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

The marriage of any person under the age of 21, without the consent of parents or guardians, shall be.null and void.

The judgment again ff a woman, in case of high treason, is not the same as against a man tray for, to be hanged, cut down alive, have the bowels taken out, and the body quartered} but to be drawn to the place of execution, and there burned: and this also is the judgment against a woman, in Case of petit treason; whereas the j udgment against a man for petit treason,. is, that he shall be hanged: but in case of felony, the judgment is the same against both man and woman, to be hanged by the neck till dead.

Wood.

EVERY nerson, who shall rob any orchards or gardenia or break or cut any hedge, pales, rails, or fence; of dig, or pull up, or take up any fruit tree or trees in any orchard, garden, or elsewhere; or shall cut or spoil arty woods or underwoods, poles, or trees Handing; every such person, his procurers and receivers, knowing the same, being thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before one, justice, shall give to the party such recompence, and within such rime, as the said justice shall appoint; and the same to

Wood.

be only for the first fault: and if such offender shall be'thought by the justice not able, or do not make such recompence, then he shall commit him to the constable where the offence shall be committed, or the party to b'e apprehended, to be whipped.

The constable may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, 15c-every person he shall suspect, 'having or carrying any burden of any kind of wood; and by warrant of one justice, such officer shall have power to enter into and search* the houses, or other places belonging to the houses of every person he shall suspect to have any kina of wood, and where he shall find any such, to apprehend the persons suspected of cutting.and taking the same: and to carry before one justice as well those apprehended carrying, as those in whose houses or other places the same shall be found. — And if such person do not then and there give a good account how he came by the same, he shall be convicted of cutting and spoiling the same, and punished as by the act 43 El. and further by this act is appointed, i. e. He shall for the first offence give the owner such recompence or satisfaction for damages, and within such time, as the justice shall appoint; and over and above pay down presently to the over-seers for the use of the poor, such fumf not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall think meet; and if he do not make such recompence, and also pay the said sum to the poor, the said justice shall commit} him to the house of correction for any time not exccedingonc month, or he shall be whipped by the constable. — And if he shall again commit the said offence, and be thereof convicted as before, he shall be font to the house of correction for one month, and be there kept to hard labour. —

And if he shall again commit the said offence, and be thereof convicted as before, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue. W.

But no person shall be punished by this act, unless he be questioned in six weeks after the offence committed.

Whosoever shall buy any burdens of wood, which may be. justly suspected to have been llolen, on jullidc, one complaint in six weeks, may examine the matter on oath; and may award the party who bought the same to pay treble value to him from whom it was unlawfully taken; and in default of presentpayment, may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress, and in default of distress, may commit the party to gaol at his own charge, there to remain one month without bail.

Tf any offender shall wrongfully and maliciously cut down, ' destroy, deface, spoil, or carry away, any wood, or under- "C‘ wood; or throw down any hedges, gates, or inclosures of woods, fruit trees, or other trees; two justices, or the justices in sessions, on complaint made by any inhabitant of such pa-

See Appendix, No. rot. f See Appendix, No. 103.

} Sec Appendix, No. 104. I

I i i rish

42S

>. t. 2.

I. 2. c. 4S. r. 16.

426 Wood.

ri(h cr place, or by the owner of the wood, or by any other,. - may cause the offender to be apprehended, and hear and determine the offence; and on conviction, shall commit the offender to the honfe of correction to hard labour for three months, and where there is no honfe of correction, then to the county prison for four months; and shall also order the offender to be publickly whipped by the mailer of such house of correction once every month, during such three months, in the borough or corporation in which the salt wascommitted, or in the market town where such house of correction (lands, or in the market town next adjacent to such honfe of correction in the same county, on the market day, between the hours of eleven and two. — And where there is no house of correction, the said justices shall order him to be whipped by the common hangman once a month, during such four months, on the market day of such borough, or on the market day of some town, between the hours of eleven and two. — And before he shall be discharged, he shall find sufficient sureties for his good behaviour for two years.

*9 G.«. t. -5. If any person shall unlawfully cut, take, dellroy, break, throw down, deface, spoil, cr carry away, any tree growing inanywaile, wood, or palturc, in which any person hath right of common, he shall be in like manner convicted, and incur the like penalty, as by the iG.fi. 2. c. 48.

f C. 3. c. 4$. Every person who shall wilfully cut or break down, lop, top, or otherwise deface, damage, spoil, or dellroy, or carry away any timber tree or trees, or trees likely to become timber, or any part thereof, or the lops cr tops thereof, without the consent of the owner, (or in any of his majesty's forelts or chafes, without the consent of the surveyor or his deputy) and shall be thereof convicted, on the 02th of one witness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 2ol. together with the charges of conviction, to be ascertained by such justice; on non-pa.ment thereof, to be committed byfucjtjustice to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding twelve months, norlefs than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid: for the second offence, to forfeit not exceeding 30I. together with the charges as aforesaid; on non-payment, to be committed as aforesaid for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid: and if any person shall be guilty of a like offence a third time, and shall be thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of felony, and the court before whom he shall be tried shall have authority to transport him for seven years. And all oak, beech, chcfnut, walnut, alh, elm, cedar, fir, c afp, lime, sycamore, and birch trees (and also poplar, alder,

i '>' '>>- (arch, maple, and hornbeam) shall be deemed timber trees within the meaning of this all.

Every

Wood; 427

Every person, who shall pluck up, spoil, delirbyj take, or 6 C. 3. c. 4.8. carry away, any root, Ihrub, or plant, out of the fields, nur-. series, woods or gardens, of arty person without the consent of the owner, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 40s. with the charges of conviction, and if not paid immediately, shall be committed to the house of correction for one month, to be kept to hard labour, and once whipped there: for the second offence, he shall forfeit not exceeding jl. together with the charges as aforesaid; if not paid immediately, then to be committed to the house of correction for three months, to be kept to hard labour, and whipped there once in every of the said months: and for a third offence, he shall be punished as above,

Every person who shall go into the woods of any of his ma- 9 0,3. r. 41, jesty's subjects, not being the lawful owner thereof, and shall there cut, spoil, or otherwise dellroy, any kind of wood, or carry or convey the same away; or shall, by night or day, cut down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any hollies, thorns, or quicksets, growing in any of his majesty's forells of chafes, or within the woods or wood grounds of any of his majesty's subjects, or shall have in his custody any kind of wood, or young trees, or any such hollies, thorns, or quicksets, as aforesaid, and shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, before one or more justices of the peace, he shall for the two first offences be punished, as in the lad case: and being duly convicted of a third offence, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue, and punished as such.

And his majesty's justices of the peace of the respective places 6 C.3. r.48. where any of the said offences shall be committed, shall put this act in execution.

The said forfeitures to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the person aggrieved.

And if any person shall hinder, or attempt to prevent, the seizing or securing any person employed in carrying away any such timber or other trees; he shall forfeit lol. to him who shall convict such offender: if not paid immediately on conviction, the justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding six calendar months.

The conviction to be written on parchment or paper, in the following form, or to the like effect:

"I SB it remembered, that tm the day if i in the year- , A. B. was, upon the complaint of C. D. coneoiBed before of the justices of the peace for , in pnrfnance of an ail passed in the sixth year

I i i z [or

Wood.

[or :be ninth year] of the reign of his majesty king Glirge tbs third, for (as the case shall be).

Given under hand and feat, the day and year above written.

The which conviction shall be certified to the next sessions, there to be filed amongst the records.

If any person shall in the night-time maliciously destroy any plantations of trees, or throw down any inclosures: he shall forfeit to the party grieved, treble damages: and three justices (i Ok.) may enquire thereof, in six months, as well by a jury, as by examination of witnesses on oath, or by any lawful ways, which to them shall seem meet.

Every person who shall, in the night time, lop, top, burn, or otherwise spoil, or carry away any oak, beech, or other tree. Handing for timber, or likely to become timber; with* out the consent of the owner thereof; or shall, in the night time, pluck up, break, spoil, ordellroy, any root, Ihrub, or plant, of the value of 5s. growing in the garden-ground, nur-serv, or other inclosed ground of any person; or shall be aiding or aCifiing therein; or shall buy or receive such root, Ihrub, or plant, knowing the same to be llolen; shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

If any person shall maliciously set on lire any wood, coppice, or any part thereof; he shall be guilty of felony.

See also Black Afl, 9 G. c. 22.

Where the inhabitants of any parish or township shall be willing to acquire a right of inclosure of waltes for the employment ar.d benefit ot their poor, they may (by the consent and direction of the major part of the inhabitants assembled at a veliry or publick meeting to be held for that purpose, publicly notice thereof in the church being first given on three Sundays before) pay the recbmpence for the same, and the charges of inclosing and preferring such grounds out of the poor rate; and shall apply the profit from the sale of such timber or underwood, towards the relief of the poor.

-'.s/r, here is no allowance for the charges of planting.

The agreement for such inclosure shall be in writing, and signed by the parties, and within three months after the execution thereof be enrolled by the clerk of the peace where the greater part of such tvaftes, woods, or pallures shall lie.

Persons aggrieved by such agreement may within six months after the enrollment appeal to the sessions, whose determination shall be final.

It shall be lawful for every Purveyor of his majesty's woods, and his lawful deputy, besides the penalties for destroying the trees or underwood, to seize and take away for his own use, any saw, ax, hatchet, billhook, or other instrument, used by any person whom they shall find unlawfully Hocking up, faw-

ing.

Wood. 429

ing, cutting down, topping, lopping, or destroying, any timber tree, or other tree, underwood, or covert, within such forest or chase.

No person shall carry any wood ont of the realm without lawful 1 Si P. S Jf. authority so to do, on pain that the owner of the ship shall for- c. 3. fen the ship and tackle; the owner of the wood, double value,

of the wood; and the mailer and mariners all their goods, and be imprisoned for a year.

And if any person shall obtain a royal licence to transport W-wood, and shall carry more than is contained in his licence; he shall forfeit treble value, and be imprisoned for a year.

The said forfeitures to be half to the king, and half to him M. that shall sue in any court of record; moreover, all and singular the justices of the peace, within three years after any offence committed, may hear and determine the same by a jury.

Wool Combing in Suffolk.

BY this act, which is almod a literal copy of an act of 17

G. 3. e. 11. for Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Cheshire, c-3-the manufacturers of combing wool, &c. in the county of Suffolk arc required to hold a general meeting on the second Tuef-day in Augull after passing this act, at Stow-Market in the said county, notice being given in the papers, and there having chosen a chairman, shall appoint a committee of 15 persons; who are hereby authorized to nominate and recommend two or more proper persons to be licensed by the justices for the county Of Suffolk at their quarter-sessions, to be inspectors of worded yarn within the said county. — And the justices are hereby empowered to license and appoint such persons of good character in the said county, as shall be recommended by the said committee, or any live of them. "

The inspectors may be dationed, with proper, salaries, where Id. the committee, or any live of them, shall think proper, and may be displaced, ordismissed, as the said committee shall think proper.

The inspectors are to use diligence to bring offenders to punishment, by lodging informations against such offenders, before the proper judice or justices of the peace, and prosecuting them to conviction. To this end, they may demand entrance into the house or (hop of any person employed to put out wool to be spun within the said county of Suffolk; and any person refusing such admittance, shall forfeit not more than iol. nor less than jl. as such judice or justices shall think proper.

If any person employed in combing wool, or in spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving worded yarn in the county of Suffolk, shall be convicted before any one or more judice of juf-

tices

4go Wool Combing in Suffolk.

tices for the said county, upon the oath of the owner of the yarn or wool, cr of the inspector or inspectors, or any one credible witness, offalfe reeling the saidworlted yarn, &c. such offender shall be subject to the penalties of former aSs, so far as they are ncrepealed, and the penalties (halt be distributed by the con liable in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector, amongst the poor of the parish where such offence was committed.

a* G. 3. frj. z. Any agent refuting to discover persons guilty of reeling false

c. 3. yarn, being lawfully convicted of such refusal before any justice

orjnllicesofthepeaee, shall forfeit 5s. for every pound fofalfcly reeled, that shall be foand in his, her, or their cnflody. The goods of the husband (his wife so offending) shall be liable to distress and sale.

11. Upon the death or removal of inspectors, the justices in their

sessions for Suffolk may appoint others, with equal powers.

11. If any inspector shall lcreen an offender from justice, it may

be lawful for a justice or justices to commit such inspector to the house of correction, or other public prison, for the space of one month.

11. The justice or justices shall cause the conviction to be made

out in manner and form following:

Be it remembered, that on the Ary of in the

year of oar Lord A. B. it cenraiBed before /no [or at]

of bit Majests jujlicet of the peace for [specifying the of-

fence/ and the place, and that it was the first, fecund, or third offence against this act]. Given under mj bund and feat [or our hands and seals] the day and year aforesaid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions.

Woollen Manufacture.

j S to If. 3. TF any officer in seizing wool, or endeavouring to apprehend e. io. JL offenders, be beaten or killed, or the wool seized be rescued,

J9C. a. c.34. the hundred shall answer damages, as in cases of robbery, not exceeding 40I. for any beating, nor zool. for loss of the wool; and shall pay tool, to the executor or adminillratorof such person killed: provided that notice of the offence be giver, to, or left at the house of, some constable near the place, as speedily as conveniently may be, describing the offender, time, and place; and also in four days, to two inhabitants near; and in eight days, oath be made before a justice, whether the party knows the offender, and if he docs, ente.-ing into recognizance to prosecute; and in 20 days, like notice be given in the Gazette;

Woollen Manufacture. 43 %

zette; and 100I. bond, with two sureties, be given before the sheriff, to the high constable, to pay colts, if call; and provided that an offender is not convicted in six months; and that the action be commenced within a year.

And if any person shall be maimed or grievously wounded in apprehending such offender, he shall have moreover a further reward of -jol, to be paid by the of of the customs or excise.

And the executors or administrators of such person killed, shall have from them iool. over and above what is paid by the bundled.

For the better discovery of the deceitful working of woollen at J- c. 18. cloth, two justices,. on information of any one of his knowledge or suspicion of such offence, may grant their warrant to call before them any person that shall be thought fit to discover any such offence, and examine that person on oath; and if it be found, by two witnesses, orconfefGon, they shall certify the same under their hands and seals to the churchwardens and overseers; who shall, upon such certificate, and by warrantofsuch justices, levy the penalty by distress; in default of distress, the offender to be committed to gaol till paid.

Every fuller, deceitfully impairing the cloth, shall yield to 4 Ed- 4. r. 1. the party grieved double damage: and every justice of the peace, mayor, mailer, warden, bailiff, portreeve, constable of hundred, and steward of leet in their respective liberties, may hear and determine the same, and commit the offender to the next gaol till payment.

In every parish and hamlet where cloths are made, two juf- 43 El. e. 10. tices (and in corporations, the mayor, together with one justice of the shire next adjoining) shall once a year, oroftner, call before them, by precept or otherwise, two, four, fix, eight, or more, of the most honest, discreet, and able men of such place, and appoint them overseers for a year, or six months, or shorter time; and shall take them sworn, and bound in recognizance of 4CI. each, to do their belt endeavour by all lawful ways and means to fee the statutes observed relating to the regulation of cloth.

And any person, without reasonable excuse, refusing to be 39 El. c. 20. overseer, shall forfeit ;l. half to the king, and half to fuel) justices ; and to remain in ward of the ihcriff, till paid or secured.

And if any shall withold cloth, or deny search; he shall, on U. conviction thereof at the sessions, forfeit for the first offence to], for the second 20I. for the third, being convicted by verdict and two witnesses, he shall Hand upon the pillory in the next market town.

Which said forfeitures shall be, one third to the overseers, one Id. third to the king, and one third to the poor, as the sessions shall appoint.

If

432 Woollen Manufacture.

*3 C. 3. c. 15. If tie company of dyers, and the several persons authorized to

aft in the appointment of searchers, or any three or more of such persons, shall refuse or neglect to appoint and continue a proper number of persons to be searchers, to examine all or any woollen cloths, &c. dyed black or blue, any two persons using or exercising the trade of a dyer of woollen goods may apply to the joilices, at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be kolden within the city of London, and within the distance of ten miles from the said city, and make complaint of such refusal or neglect; and it shall be lawful for the justices at such sessions to make enquiry touching the matter of such complaint; and if it shall appear to them that a proper number of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said justices shall; and are hereby authorized and impowered to appoint such person or persons as they shall judge necessary to be' a searcher or searchers of woollen goods within the limits aforesaid.

And, in order to prevent the like frauds and abuses in the dying of woollen goods within such places as are not within the limits aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at theirgenera! or quarter sessions shall, and are hereby required from time to time to appoint such person or persons as they shall zefpedlively think proper to be a searcher or searchers within their respective jurisdictions.

Provided, that no person shall be capable of acting as a searcher in the execution of this act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an oath to the effect following:

Idofxear, that 1 will faithfully, impartially, and honestly exe-cult and perferm I hi trust reposed in me as a fearebir, hi virtue of an a3 of parliament, made in the twenty-third year ttf the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for rendering more effectual the prrttifocs contained in an a3 of the 13th year of King George the Fi'Ji, "for preventing frauds and aloft in the dying trade."

Which oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed, or any one of them, are or is hereby impowered to administer, yi. All penalties and forfeitures for offences again (I this act,

where the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or may be recovered, by action of debt, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and all penalties, where the same shall not exceed the sum of (ive pounds, shall, upon proof of the offences respectively before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, either by the confelCon of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer) be levied and recovered by distress and fate of the goods and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such juf-

lice.

Woollen Manufacture. 433

tice, dirtfted to any. constable, or other peace officer, within the jurisdiction of such justice; and the overplus shall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels; and in case sufficient difirefs cannot be found, such justice shall, and is hereby authorized and required to cause the offender'or offenders to be committed to the house of correction, there to be %

kept to bard labour for such time as such.justice shall think lit, not exceeding three months: and one moiety of all penalties and >

forfeitures which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any person or persons residing within the city of London, or within the dillance of ten miles of the said city, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as shall from time to time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be holden for the appointment of learchers within the city of London, and within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered by virtue of this act, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and prosecutor or prosecutors.

All prosecutions for offences against this act shall Jbe'coin- 230.3.015. mcnced within forty days next after the offences shall be committed or discovered, and not afterwards: if any person shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgment or order of any justice of the peace, touching the conviction for any offence against this act, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter-sessions; and the judgment and determination of the justices atfuch general quarter ftlfions shall be final; and the said justices are hereby empowered, upon such appeal, to allow such reasonable costs and charges to cither party as they shall think just; the same to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in other cases of appeal from orders of any j ullices of the peace to the general quarter-sessions.

If any person shall feloniously cut and take, Ileal, or carry *s c- » 5* away, any cloth or other woollen manufacture from the rack or tenters in the night time, he shall be guilty of felony without benefic of clergy.

If any cloth or woollen goods on the tenters, or woollen yarn '5 G. 2. r. i;, or wool left out to dry, shall be Itolen in the night, any justice on complaint made in ten days by the owner, may issue his warrant to any peace officer, in the day-time, to search the houses, or other places belonging to every person, whom such owner shall upon his oath declare to such justice he suspects to have Itolen, taken away, or received the same; and the officer shall apprehend the person in whose custody or possession the same shall befqund, and carry him before a justice; andif helhall.notgive a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall for the first offence forfeit to the owner treble value, and in default of payment thereof in the time appointed by such julHce, he shall K k k iliue

434 Woollen Manufactured

iflae his .warrant to levy the same-by distrrfs andfale; and in default ofdidrefs, shall commit him to.the.common gaol where he shall be apprehended, for three months, ot till paid; for the second cffehce treble value, and'fix .months imprisonment; for the third offence, such judice.-shall commit him till the assizes, and if he shall be there conrifled in like manner. he shall be gailty of felony, and transpcrted for seven years..'Bat persons aggrieved (except on the third conviction) may appeal to the next general quarter-feSion;, whose order therein shall be final.

The fulling miller shall take an oath before a judice dwelling near such.mill, that he will well and truly perform 'the measuring all mixed or medley broad clqth fulled at his mill.

If the buyer is not satisfied with the measure,.he.may haveit measured again in the water, in eight days after delivery, giving two days notice to the feller or his factor; and ifhe shall refuse, it shall be measured, if in London by the keeper of Blackwell-hall, who shall be sworn before a juliice to measure it truly; if not in London, then if the two measurers disagree, or appoint not a third person, the chief magistrate shall appoint and swear one.

And if it appear defective in length, or breadth, the owner, or feller shall forfeit the sixth part of the value of such cloth, on the measurer's making such certificate, and making oath thereof before a judice, of which the judice shall give him a certificate. The same to be repaid by the fulling miller. -And the said certificate shall in ten days be filed with-the clerk-of the peace, fur which he shall have ts. which certificate so filed, shall be a sufficient conviction; if he shall refuse to pay the forfeiture, it shall be levied by didrefs, by warrant of one judice, and for want of didrefs,. the offender shall-be committed, to the gaol or house of correction for three months.

13 G. c.«3- The tenter shall be measured, and the length of yards marked in figures upon the top-bar, on pain of 5I. onconviflion before' twojndices, on information upon oath.in three months after the offence; to be levied by didrefs, half to the: informer, and half to the poor; for want of didrefs, the patty offending to be committed to gaol not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction be made.

Inspectors shall be chosen bythcjufiiccsof Glocester.Wilts, and Somerset, at Bader leflions yearly; who, before they enter upon, their odice, shall take this oath, I A. B. do fvctar, that I null neill cr.d tra'.y extend the cjjiit cf an infpcSor of mixed or medley' necdlea bread elclb nett bin thit county according to the lanes and J1a-txtes of thit realm, and according to tbt hft of ay skill and boovi-ledge: So blip me God.

And the said justices shall allow a salary to each inspeflor, not exceeding 30I. a year; for the railing of which, every maker shall pay to the inspector 2d, for every facb doth, before they

are

. 2. C. 2$.

Woollen Manufacture

are: sent fromxhe mill; who shall way the same'every 'three-months'oroftenerjtothe county treasurer; to be applied by the; sessions toivardsifuch salaries; : --luicqaod eu-

'The justices'at'theEasterfefiions yearly for the^West Riding' ,-p. of the county of Yor k, iihall appoint searchcrsj' and appoint them' salaries; who-shall be'f.vorn before a justices, well-raiid'truly to execute the office of searching' such narrow' woollen'clotfi'a-aAnd' in case of the.death dr sickness or other disability of a searchcr, one justice, :living.near, may appoint another till the-ncxVfeffi-ons, to berthere confirmed, or another appointed; e 1

And a sum not exceeding' 3d. 'for each cloth, shall be 'paid by- Id. the owner before it 16 carried from the mill, to such persons as the justicesatEasterfessions shall appoint, to pay the'search'er's fabrics, and other expences of the act. . .i.,n;

If any person over'(Iretch it, he shall forfeit for the'firfti'half jj, yard in length, orfirft inch in breadth overstretched,'i os.; and for every other half yard in length, or half inch in 'breadth,

20S.' : " -1 >

The conviction to be before one justice, not being a dcalcr in Id. cloth, on oath of one witness, reasonable notice being first given to the person decided. t'1''

' The'forfeitures (if not paid in ten days after notice of the con-- Id. viction given atthe offender's lad place of abode, and if 'he shall-' not appeal) to be levied by a constable by warrant of a justice by-distress; half to the informer, and half to the treasurer for the expen ccs of carrying the ad into execution: for want of distress, to'be committed to the house of correction to hard labourer one-' month; n. I1 :r' 11 ''

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions, to' be held after-T^ days from the conviction, giving to1 days notice to the informer. — 'And the justices there may award colts. >" i' '

- The justices'for the said West Riding (not being interested) shall, attheliradford Midsummer sessions yearly, appoint so many men as they! shall think proper, under 60 years of age, to1 be searchers or measurers of cloth at the fulling mills, and allow' them salaries.' ' -1 1

If any of the said officers so appointed D;all keep a public.' 6 0.3. c. 23. house for felling ale, or other liquors; or be concerned in the making, buying, or felling, any wool, woollen manufactures, or goods commonly:made use of in dying; or be guilty of any* misbehaviour or n'eglect of duty; and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness before two justices; it shall be lawful for the justices at the next sessions after such conviction; on pro-' ducing the same, . or due proof thereof, to dischargefuch officer, and appoint another in his room. \ 7

All disputes between clothiers and'millers, relating to'the s G. 3. c. 5'. wages for milling, Dial], if such miller delire it, and,'the matter in dispute do not exceed 40s. be deterinined by orie-justico,'

K k k ? who

e a. 3. c. 51. 6 C. 3. c.t3,

Woollen Manufacture.

who may, on complaint, summon the parties, adjudge damages, and give cells not exceeding tos. and levy the same by distress, if not paid in ten days.

If the inspector or supervisor shall find.any cloth falsely stamped by the searcher, he shall, within leven days, give information thereof to a justice; and fuchsearcher shall, on conviction before such justice, forfeit 10s.

The buyer, if he suspeds any fraud, may within forty days after the file and delivery of such cloth, cause the same to be meafored by some sworn searcher, inspector, or supervisor: and if it be found defective in length or breadth, he shall within three days give information thereof to a justice; and the supervisor, who last meafored the said cloth, shall forfeit for the first inch in breadth or half yard in length that such cloth or end of cloth shall fall short, 5s.; and for every other inch in breadth or half yard in length the further sum of tos. — And if such searcher, inspector, or fnpervisor, who last meafored the cloth, shall not in three dais give information as aforesaid, he shall, on conviction before such justice, forfeit 40s. and his office.

Informations of offences (not otherwise directed) shall be made on oath, within ten days after the offence shall be discovered; the same to be heard and determined, on the oath of one witness, before one justice not interested; and the penalties, after deducing charges of the conviction, to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the treasurer of the said West Riding; the part belonging to the treasurer shall be received by the justice, and by him paid to an inspector or supervisor; and the said justice shall, within three months, fend an account thereof to the said treasurer.

It any offender shall, for 10 days after conviction, refuse or neglect to pay any forfeiture by him incurred; or shall not give notice of appeal; then, and not before, the justice shall ifl'ue his warrant of distress, to the constable, where the offender dwells, requiring him to levy the same by distress: and where no sufficient distress can be bad, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions which shall be held within 14 days after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice.

The justices, inspectors, and supervisors shall return to the -sessions from time to time, an account in writingcf all convictions that hare happened within their knowledge, and of the pe-ii iliies levied and made payable to the treasurer; and the infpcc-tors and supervisors shall par to the treasurer, within three months after receipt thereof, all sums by them received on account of such convictions. — And every person neglecting or refuting to transmit such account, within 20 days next alter any

Woollen Manufacture;

such sessions, or, not paying,such Turns within three months after receipt thereof, .Thai], on conviction on the oath.of one witness, before two justices, forfeit iol. : ,

. Within eight days after the interment of any dead, some:re- -Bc, 2, Cm j,. lation, or other credible person, on pain of jl. to be .levied by distress, shall cause an affidavit in writing to bc made under the hands and seals of two or more credible witnufi.es, letting forth that such deceased person was not buried in any other than what is made of iheep's wool only; and shall bring the same andmtke oath thereof, before the mayor, or a justice of the peace, or mailer of chancery [and if no justice shall reside or is to be found in the parish where the party is interred, then to any parson, vicar, or curate, in any other parish within the county J, who shall 31 c- c- I. administer the oath and attest the same under their hands upon such affidavit, gratis. . ::

Where no affidavit shall be brought in eight days as aforesaid, to the roiniltcr where the party was buried, he shall forthwith give, or cause notice thereof to be given in writing under his hand, to the churchwardens or overseers; on pain of 5I. with full colls (provided the suit be commenced in six months), one fourth to the Icing, two fourths to the poorwhere such person offending dwells, and one fourth to him that shall inform: and sue.

The said churchwardens or overseers shall within eight days after such notice (on like pain as the minitter) repair to the chief, magistrate, if such party was buried in a town corporate, or else, to a justice of the peace; which said justice or magistrate, on certificate from such minister, shall (on the like pain) forthwith grant a warrant for the levying of the said forfeiture on the goods of the parties before mentioned, rendering the overplus, all reasonable charges being lirlt dedufled, half.of which shall be to the poor, and half to the informer.

And the overseers shall give an account of the name and 30C. a. c. 3s quality of every person interred within their parish from the time of their former account, and of such certificate as came to their hands from such minister, and of their levying the penalties, and of their disposal thereof; on pain of 5I. to be levied by difirefs, by warrant of the justices, or two of them, to whom they shall account. — And no overseers' account shall be allowed, until they shall have therein accounted for the burials as aforesaid.

Wreck.

Wreck.

THE judiceof the peace, mayor, bailiff,; collector of the ccdoras, or chief-condable, who shall be neared to where any ship shall be dranded or call away,; shall forthwith-give public notice for a meeting to be held as. .Toon as podible of the feeriff or his deputy, the justices of the peace, mayors; coroners, and of of the land tax, or any five of them, who shall employ proper persons forfaving the same;' and shall command the constables neared to the fia-coads;- to' call together as many men as shall be thought necessary,-to assist. And a!so the officers of excise shall be proper officers' to pet. these acts in execution. — And within the cinque ports, the lord warden of the cinque ports, the lieutenant of Dover cadle, the depnty warden of the cinque ports, the judge offi-' cial, and commifihry of the court of admiralty of the cinque ports, shall put the same in execution there.

And any jnllice of the peace, in the absence of the high sheriff, may take sufficient power of the county.

And they may command all ships at anchor near to affid and if- the officer of such ship shall refuse or neglect, he shall forfeit tool, with cods, to theofficerof the ship in didrefs.'

The persons assembled to fare any vessel or goods shall conform in the first place to the orders of the mader orother officer or owner, or persons employed by them, then to the orders'of the officers of the customs, next to those of the officers of excise, then of the sheriff or his deputy, then of a justice of the peace, then of a mayor, then of the coroner, then of a oomif-(ionerof the land tax, then of achiefcondable, then of apetty-condable; and any person afiing contrary to such orders; shall" forfeit not exceeding 5I. to be levied by warrant of one judicep"-and in case of non-payment, to be committed to thehouseof correction, not exceeding three months.

And every such sheriff, judice, mayor, coroner, lord of 3' manor, under sheriff, or commissioner of the land tax;' shall have 4s. a day during his attendance, out of the goods saved.t And if any person not impowered as above shall endeavour to enter on board such vessel, or shall deface the marks of the goods; he shall within zo days make double satisfaction-to the'-party grieved, at the discretion of the twonext justices; or,'in" default thereof, shall be sent by them to the next house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for iz months.

All persons, who shall act or be employed in preserving.any such vessel or cargo, shall be paid a reasonable faIvage,‘.to be adiuded by three neighbouring justices as above-mentioned.;

If.any person shall be assaulted, beaten and wounded; in the exercise of his duty in the salvage of any vessel or goods,

the

Wreck.

the offender on conviction.by indictment at the affixes or sessions, shall be transported.for seven years. — And such persons interrupting or hindering the preservation of the ship may be repeUcd'byaforce.ihiu.c ,-. c.-ctr . ,v o Jf anyperfonllhall plunder', '(leal, take away, or deftfOy ally 0 goodsbelohging to-.such ship in distress, orrwhichvlhall'be' wrecked or <lrandedl(whether any. living creature be ombpard'. or not) :or.any tackle, provision, or part of fuchship ; Or Ih'all' beat of wound; with intent to kill,; or otherwise wilfully'ob-. (Iru&theefcapeofhnyperson endeavouring to'.favc.'ltisli'fe from such ship; or : the wreck thereof; or shall put butt'any false. light, .withsintent to bring any vessel into danger s be shall be guilty of;felony without benefit of clergy:' t-'Buc when goods.of small value shall be stranded or call otlftvorej; and ilolen.without circumstances of cruelty, outrage,'or Violetice;' the offenders may be prosecuted for petit larceny ,onlyi''j -If any person shall do any thing tending to the immediate' loss of such ship, in dillrafs, he shall be guilty of felony ,' without benefit of clergy.

One justice, upon information on oath, of any part ofi'the' IA cargo or effects of;any vessel loft orllranded near theconftst'ibe. ing.iunlawfully, conveyed or concealed, or of some reasonable cause of suspicion thereof, may issue his warrant for searchibg as in.other cases of stolen goods: and if the person injWhofe possession the same shall be found, shall not immediately upon ' demand deliver the same; such justice, on proof of such rca fufal, :shall commit him to the common gaol for six months, or iuntil he shall have paid treble the value thereof.

And'if anyiperson; shall offer to fate any such goods unlatv-' li. fully, taken away, or reasonably suspected foto have been; the person to whoni.they are offered, or any officer of the'customs or;excise, or .constable, may seize the same; and shall; withaall! convenient speed, carry, the same, or give'notice thereof, to one justice; and if such person shall not in ton'days make out his property therein, to the satisfaction of the justice;>.they shall be delivered over to the rightful owner, on payment of a reasonable reward (to be ascertained by the justice) ' to the feizor;. and the justice may commit such offender to the common, gaol for six months, or till he shall have paid treble.value. — And if any person shall discover to any justice; magistrate, customhouse or excise officer,' where any such goods are wrongfully bought, fold, or concealed, he shall be entitled to a reasonable reward, to be adjulled as the salvage.'-,-The officer ofathe culloms, who shall act in preserving'ahy Ut vessel.or cargo,i shall cause all persons belonging to'the-veftfcIf -and otherswhocangivean account thereof, to be examined wi oath before.a justice,; as to the name or description' of the vti-fcl, the names - of the: matter and owners, and of- the'places'-

from

s5 C. t. c.

Wreck.

from or to which the vessel was bound, and the occasion of the distress; which examination the justice shall take in writing, who shall deliver a copy: thereof to'the said officer of the customs, to be forthwith transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, who shall publish the same in the next London Gazette, or so much thereof aslball be necessary for the information of the persons intereded or concerned therein.

19. And if no persons shall appear to claim the goods saved, the officer of the customs shall apply to three of the neared justices, who shall pat him or fomeother responsible person in possession, taking an account in writing of the goods, to be signed by the said officer: and if they be not claimed in a year, they shall be fold (and if periftiable, shall be forthwith fold) and the money returned to the exchequer, till claimed by the owner.

But this shall not prejudice the right of any lords of manors, or others, lawfully claiming wreck, or goods.

INDEX.

44!

INDEX.

Page

ACCESSARY, Who is — — ;i

None in high treason — — — id.

None in criminal, not capital, cases — id.

Who are, before the fact, who after — , — id.

Buyer, Sec, of stolen lead, iron, &c. — id.

Buyer, Sc c. of jewels, andburglariously or feloniously

taken — — — — id.

AFFRAY. Why so called — —

Different from assault — — —

Any one may deliver the parties to the constable -A constable bound to part them — —

Assistance demanded most be given —

Constable can onlyarrelt for an affray in his own view ' Justice cannot, without a warrant, authorize an arrest

for an affray out of his own view ----

Justice may, by warrant, compel the offender to find sureties for the peace — —

Affrays, how punishable — —

ALE, BEER, and other EXCISEABLE LIQUORS.

An additional duty on retailers — — id.

In whom the management is invested — id.

ALEHOUSE. When deemed an inn — — id.

Subject tojustice's enquiry — — id.

Penalty for felling ale, &c. without licence — id.

Penalties, how disposed — — id.

One justice may give judgment — — id.

Justice may examine excise officers — . 3

Any one charged with victuallers duties, to be deemed

an alehouse keeper — — id.

1,11 Witness

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

z

id.

id.

id.

INDEX.

442

Witness not appearing, how punishable — 3

Persons aggrieved may appeal — > . 'id.

Penalty for delivering beer to an unlicensed person ' id. Licencegranted only at general meeting, and by whom id. Exception as to cities and towns corporate' — id.

Certificate for licence to be signed by miniller and ma. jorpartof churchwardens, &c. or by'.three or four rep'utablehou (holders ' — > -id.

Juices not compellable to licence — — 4

No justice, being a brewer, dilliHer, or maltller, to

grant a licence — ' — ' id.

Person licenced to give sureties — . ' — id.

"Cautions to beobserved by justices — id.

Recognizance to be sent to'the clerk of the peace id. Penalty on justices not taking recognizance — id.

Justices to esquire, in their quarter fefliqns, concerning the conduit of alehouse keepers 5

Justicemay summon them to appear — 1 — ' id.

Executors, Stc. may continue through the year without a new licence or certificate — — 6

Two justices may grant a licence to a neW-'tenant till

the licensingday — . — - id.

Justices to rate the price of reflets- . — i id.

"' Contents of vessels within or without the bills of mortality . >. — — vr — . id.

Measures of ale and beer - — . 7

Penalty on alehousekeepera.forfufferingtipling.id. Penaltyim tipling, to be sued for in six months- - - id. All constables, churchwardens. Sec. charged-to pre-;.lr r fenttiplers anddrankenness, itc;- -?' — id. Penalty-on getting drunk — >id.

Constable neglecting to present the offender,1 how pu-

nifhable — »- - — — ... — ' 8

Alehouse keeper getting drunk, disqualifield - — id.

ANNUITIES. Justice to receive the oath of annul-

- tant'slife — - . — id.

APPLES, See. Meafore described — — id.

APPRENTICES. Who required to be bound - 9

Duty on apprentice-fee, (lamp, &c. — id.

Penalty for refuting to take an apprentice — id.

None to be bound above 13 years old — — - id.

Poor boys 10 years old may be bound to mailers of

ships — - — — 10

Mailers may atlign such poor boys — — id.

Masters and apprentices employed in fishing vessels exempted from being impressed — — id.

Apprentices

*' N1 D! E' Xl

..... ..... ...A .^age

Apprentices how to act ifmifufed .'.to

Mailer hoiy to^aft.if aggrieved . . . . ~ 'U

J ufticcshow to act in either case — ".'../."j' ''"''-id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal VI*

Justices how to ad, when apprentices flee into another''

county — . . — — r.....id.

Justices how to ad, when! they; have found a fugitive

apprentice — — — .l!; .id.

Stannaries excepted — — — .lid.

Other exceptions in London, ,&e. . — : . — " ' 'id.

Apprentices not felons, if robbing their mailer under

15 years of age — — \" id.

— — — mailer dying, go to his executors, if there are.

assets ' - - . id.

ARRAIGNMENT. .What' — id.

. Persons arraigned not to be brought in irons, unless there be danger of escap.e., — . . id.

ARREST; Whom may justices arrest — 1 tj

Warrant-not to be directed to the party — id.

. . Constables, hiving the warrant endorsed, mayarreft'in'

anothercounty — — . .-id.

Justice may command aid to pursue and arreil. In cases'

of outrage. Sec. — - id.

! When may doors <be broken open — 14

Coiiftable requiring a party to go before the justice, j no'

arrest — ' — ' id.

Private person may arrest a felon and deliver him to the

constable — — : id.

Constable how to ad — — > — id.

Constable, what to do .with affrayers, drunkards, See.' id. ' Constable to bring the oStaitt/feclallj or other wise,', as'

the warrant directs — — id.

Constable may chuse, whep the warrant is nov/fttial id. . Constable not adionable for any arrest, till the warrant

has been demanded and refused six days — id.

. ASSAULT and BATTERY. The difference between the two — " — — : — " id.

In what cases defensible — — — 15

ASSIZES. Justices required to attend — ' ' " id.

1 .

ATTORNEY, Incapable of afling as a justice id.

Lila' AUCTION.

iii

INDE ' X.

Page

AUCTION, None to fell'by, without licence — - 15

'Penalty, what -i_ id.

What to be done, when the title to theellate sold by

ahSionisbad - t- ' 'rrr id.

B.

BACKING a WARRANT. See Warrant.;

BAIL, Different from mainprize — 16

Justice how to act, when no felony is committed . id. How, lb cases of felony — — id.

Not admissible in cases of homicide — — id.

Caution; in dangerous cases — — id.

Two jnhices may bail persons indicted at sessions id.

----- ~' — rr to be prefect at time of bailment ' id.

Examination to be put in writing — — id.

Bailment to be cerrified at the gaol delivery ' ' — ; id.

Evidence to be bound by said justices ; — . id.

JnSices bow to act in-London, Middlesex', and,other

dries and corporate towns ! rr- id.

Bailonghtnot to be exce/five . — - rr- id.

— — ought not to berefufed, where proper , — id.

- — — ought not-to be improperly admittedcf. ...tt-,. _ 17 ConHable may.carry .offenders to gaol, butpugh trather to go with them before a. j ustice for a-warrant of . ; commitment. , — .. ., if. id.

How the warrant of commitment ihoald be expressed id.

BANKSJDESTROYINGv.felony : r- id.

Penal ty. for .damaging them ; id.

BANKRUPT.^ In what cafes", commission to be issued id.

Howto afij when assignees are appointed - — id.

BARRATRY, Whatit.is — . — . 18

Justice's power respecting barrators — id.

BASTARDS. When determined to be such — ' id.

JulHceshow to afi, when a Angle woman is delivered,

or is pregnant — — id.

Penalty on constable fnffering reputed father to escape 19 Woman dying, or miscarrying, or proving not with

child — - — id.

Woman

I' N; D; ^ ^

;: Page

.. Woman pot, compellable to be.examined.till aimqnth- . h ' after delivery , is.iv.-TTsisniT*

Security! not;:givep, % both father and mpther,J>pw on->f nilhable .. . id.

. Justices at sessions shall settle an order of maintenance, '

if neglected by the two next justices — . , zo

Penalty on lewd women — — id.

. Father or mother of a bastard running away and leav- -ng goods, yet not securing the parish, how pu-niihable — 7 .. — : . id.

Penalty on mother, concealing the death of the child -.fid.

BEpR, ALE, WORTS, &c. Retailerswho deemed. i(l. Drawback allowed in .certain cases r-r.,;. 21

PENT, What it is ' — .

Penalty for cutting and carrying away

-id.

id.

! BIG AMY, See Polygamy,

BLACK. ACT, Offences agatnllit - ~ . *d.

Penalty for the samp,/.-. . .. T id,

. In what cases the m»i/rrd.tofatisfy..for damages _. , id.

Reward, if wounded ih'apprebendingoffemlers againR

this act ,. ..... ., - ^-r. ... id.

BLASPHEMY,. Excised the benejitof toleration aft. ..2} : Penalty for profaneness.on the (lage, &c. ‘id,

'.j B.lafphemers,'how jSitnilhable Vr — id.

BOOp, Taken from'parish library ; — id*

„ To be fought for by. warrant of one justice — id*

BRF,AD? Assize tabefet ... ?y:, w. .....,-+

Penalty for felling1 ihortof weight'' ~ ' — ‘ .."'id,

<'. 1 ustices how to act, When breid'is suspected tobe adul-.

'terated '-1' " — id.

Loaves how to be marked — ? — *5

Restrictions respectingdandard wheaten bread aq

445

BRICKS and TILES. Dimensions, what — *7

Penalty on offenders , xr; tt. . -j^t

How to be disposed of — — *d«

BRIDGES. Whorare compellable to make them.. *8

Justices to enquire concerning them" - *d»

To be presented at the assizes,-&c._ — id*

Repaired

INDEX,

446

Repaired oat of tie county Tate - v i.s ~ . ' —

Jnfiices in feffioas may appoint furseyori " — High condables usualjyappointed fuiveyort;. " - —

' Justices may purchase land to reboild-or improve bridges — — — —

— ----- may contract for repairing, &c. ; —

?age

28

-id.

id;

id.

id.

BURGLARY,. What itis - , — — id-

. Attendants, tho' not entering, are guilty. of burglary 29 ' Reward for apprehending and prosecuting.to conviction.id, Rewaidibr discovering two or more — 'id.

BURNING, House of another, felony . . — ;j}°

Hiringothers, ditto — id.

---- Barns, &c. in northern counties, ditto. . — . -id-

Not bailable by justices — - . — ,'id.

— — Ship,' felony — . . "id.

---- Wood, or coppice, ditto — — id.

Two justices may adjudge ' / 3.1

— — Gofs, See. inaforelt, howpunished .'. . .....-id-

— . — Wain or cart with coals ' — ' . . id.

' ServanTs firing a honfe, bow punished . — r id.

Threatning to burn a honfe, Ssc. . - id.

BURYING in WOOLLEN. See WtcttmManufaBart*

BUTCHERS,* Conspiraey between them, how .punished: id. - — Selling meat on Lord's-day, how punished : : . .. .:i 3 a Butcher not to be a tanner — _ ' id.

... See note respefUngotheytradei^. — i i. HHd.

BUTTER and CHEESE, How to be packedT -. - . aid,

BUTTONS, Foreign oqes not to be sold r- jd.

Not tobe made of wood, cloth, fipe. ' ' - 33

Taylors, how paniflubje — . " jd.

CABBAGES, See Turner, Wc,

CARDS. See Siompi.

CARRIERS. All persons eanyrnggoods-for hire. - 34

- Rates of land carriage, how settled ' . jd.

Carriers

I: N: D; E, X. 44?

Carriers robbed, mult pay fbrthegoods1

— . — Answerable for.their.fereams. ----- -

---- May indish the felon forilealiugthem.asif they

. :;tveretheir.own > b.-..i~s H-: . v.u.iftjd.

Page

fC-t-v.-.^>£34

->!?-> % d. »if-they'i

CARROTS. See Turnips, life.

CARTS, WAINS, WAGGONS, &c. carriage —

Who are exempted: -

Duties how levied —

Mitigation of fines —

Owners' to afiix their names

Doty on each .'

i-"'-' '..'id.

-id.

CATTLE; Driven away, felony Reward for convicting offender Penalty for abusing in driving

id.

'id.

id.

CERTIORARI, Whatitis — ~ 37

Lies where a writ of error does not lie . — id.

Supersedeas from a superior court not to be disputed .id.

Every return of it to be underfeal — .id.

If on paper, not parchment, not good — ' id.

How worded in certain cases — id.

CHEAT, Howdescribed — — 38

-How proceeded against — - -id.

. How punishedi' — - -id.

CHELSEA-PENSIONERS. Those who reside at a

dilltance from London, how to act — - id.

biFom of affidavit - — — - — - 39

CHANDLERS. Qualification.to malce candles: ;iid. Entries where and when to.be. made.. ; ! -c; ‘id.

Notice when to be given ifrtrr. - : "id.

Penalties how incurred, levied, and applied id.

In what lime the penalties may be sued for — 40

CHURCH and CHURCH-YARD. Two churches

may be united — — id.

No fairs in church-yards . — I rid.

Affrayers in church or church-yard, how punished id. Robbing a parish church O.A id.

CHURCHWARDEN,- -When ehofen, and'how' A4*

. Who are exempted , ' - — . ' .:t-id.

Church

448

INDEX.

Page

Church rates, how made — — 4.1

Churchwarden an overi'eer of the poor byhis office — 42 To levy the penal tyfor profaning the fabbaih id.'

- for neglecting to attend divine service id.

To provide bread and wine for the communion id.

To carry nnlicensed pedlars to a justice — id.

At the end of the year to deliver up his accounts id.

CLERGY, Liable to poor-rates — — id.

Not to firm lands, or dealinany merchandize id.

BENEFIT of CLERGY, What it is — 43

Persons convicted of felony, within benefit of clergy,

may have their punishment mitigated id.

Persons admitted to clergy, forfeit goods, &c. id.

Afterpnnishment, goods restored — id.

No oneto be called a felon, after admission to his clergy id.

CLERK of the peace. By whom appointed 44.

Place not to be sold — - — id.

To take the oaths, fee [oaths of office] — id.

To certify into the King's-Bench, outlaws, &c. 44

When to deliver to the sheriff a schedule of fines, &c. id. To be removed for misbehaviour — ; id.

COACHES. How taxed — 45

Rates and forfeitures by whom determined — id.

Two jnfHces may recover the penalties — ‘ id.

Appeals when to be heard — id.

The last aft how taxed — — id.

Under what direction — — id.

COACH-MAKERS. Licence when to be taken out Penalty on neglect thereof — —

Licence when to be renewed —

Duties what to be paid on each carriage — Penalties and forfeitures how recovered —

Appeals when to be heard — — '

Suing for fines when ought to commence —

id.

id.

tf

id. ' id. id. id.

COALS. Fraud in measure, how punished — 47

COIN. Coiners to be searched after —

Coiners guilty ofmifpiifion of high tr'nfon Bringing fslfc money into the realm, high-treason Having a press for coinage, how punished — Having, or felling clippings. Stc. how punished

id.

-id.

id.

48

id. Warden

I N D' E' X,

Page

Warden of the company of goldsmiths, or two justices,

may search for bullion, &c. — "!-'.^8

Parish officers not to make payments with base money id. Ariy perfori may cut false coin' - — id.

Justice to determine whether it be false' — -' id.

Coiners riot bailable by justices 'id.

----- --may be convicted byone witness ' — ‘ id.

Reward for apprehending coiners of hiver — ' 49

— ----- for convicting coiners of copper-money id.

Pardon to the discoverer of two or more — id.

COMMITMENT. Persons refilling to be bound, may.

be committed — — . . - id.

Justice mull bailor commit felons — id.

----- -is only to retain the party till he hath made find

to the king — yo

Felons to be committed to the common gaol, not else-.

where — — id.

Vagrants and petty offenders as the justices think proper id: Persons apprehended on a warrant indorsed in another

county, whither to be sent . — id.

----- --- mult be in writing, directed to the gaoler, &c. id.

The form and manner of drawing it — id.

Caution in a warrant tofpecify the crime — 51

Commitment mull be conformable to the act of parliament — — — id.

It mult be under seal — — id.

Mult have a certain date — — id.

Offender (if able) to bear his charges to gaol id.

Justice (if notable) shall place them to the county rate id. In Middlesex, the overseers of the parish shall pay them id. Penalty on a gaoler refusing to receive a felon 52

Commitment to be certified to the next gaol delivery id.

Who to discharge one legally committed — id.

COMMON PRAYER, To be read once a month by an

incumbent — — id.

CONFESSION, May be given in evidence against the

party confelfing — — id.

CONSPIRACY. All confederates highly criminal id. Who are conspirators — — id:

How punishable ' ~ 5$

CONSTABLE, Superior in power to a tythingman id.

Persons exempt from being chosen — . id.

M m m Dissenters

INDEX,

45°

Dissenters may execute the office by a deputy 53

Description of a fit person for this office — id.

How chosen and placed in his office — id.

High constable how chosen — 54.

justices' power of chusing — — id.

Justices may discharge him after a year — id.

----- ---. may bind over a constable refusing to be sworn id.

High constables to take the oaths of allegiance, &c. id.

Petty constables exempt — — id.

Constable may commit an affrayer to the flocks, &c. id,

----- --- cannot require surety of the peace, unless the

offence be in his own view — id.

----- --- bound to execute the justice's warrant .55

Xo afiion to be brought against him, &c. See Arreji id. Constable ought to keep the warrant — id.

----- --- may deduct his charges — id.

----- --- mult deliver in his accounts to theoverfeer id.

Justices may regulate the charges — id.

High constables to account for the county rate 56

----- ----- ----- --to beremoved by a majority of justices id.

Or at the sessions — — id.

Justices have displaced constables sworn by them id.

CONVICTION. Justices strictly to follow the act in convictions — —

To make a record of the whole proceedings —

id.

id.

CORN, Not to be sold in the flieaf Measure regulated by custom Cutting it when growing, howpunished Inspectors' weekly return —

Inspeflers, how paid —

id.

id.

58

CORONER, How chosen, and by whom — id.

Penalty on a township not fending for him — id.

How to act, when applied to — — id.

COSTS. Justices may award them To be regulated by justices in sessions

59

COUNTY COURT. Plaint to be entered only where the plaintiff or his attorney is prefenc id.

COUNTY RATE, To be made by justices at their sessions — — — 60

Purposes of it — — id-

Parish officers shall pay it out of the poor's rate 61

What to be done, where there is no poor-rate 'd.

High

INDEX. 451

Page

High conilables to pay it to the treasurer — 61

Treasurer to account to the justices — id.

When a new rate is to be made — id.

CUSTOS ROTULORUM, To be appointed by the king's hand — — 62

D.

DEBTORS, To pay their own charges of bringing to

the affixes, if able — — id.

If unable, to be paid by the treasurer of the county id.

DEMURRER, What it is — id.

DEODAND, What it is — —

DISSENTERS. Every person punishable for not attending divine service —

Every person above 16, how punishable for continuance in such neglect — —

Dissenters, how-far excused by toleration aft ----- --to subscribe a declaration . —

id.

id.

63

id.

id.

DISTRESS. What it is —

When it may be made — —

Distress, if fraudulently avoided, how punishable Impounded goods not to be refeued —

Deserting the premises, how punished —

In what Cafes goods to be distrained —

Time limited for the falc —

Charges to be deducted —

6+

d.

id.

1

id.

J)OGS, Penalty for dealing — id.

E.

ESCAPE. How punishable for fulfering it Aflilting a prisoner in attempting it M m m 2

66

- 67

ESTRAY.

45?

INDEX.

ESTRAY. What it is — Page 67

Ought to be proclaimed — id.

Keeper of it to be satisfied — id.

When it is the Lord's — id.

Time reckoned from the proclamation — id.

ESTREAT. What it is — id.

Manner of levying it — id.

EVIDENCE. Number of witnesses different in different

cases — 68

In what cases exceptionable — id.

How compellable to appear — id.

Evidence paid in Middlesex by overseers — - id.

In other counties by the treasurer id.

Charges to be regulated by justices — id.

Evidence refusing to appear, how punishable "Which of the parties to begin to give evidence Upon oath, both for and against the prisoner Quaker's affirmation when allowed, and when not 69 id. id. id.

Evidence to be given in the presence of the prisoner id.

may not be read by a witness — id.

----- ----- -muii be gone through before cross-examination id.

Deposition before a justice may be read at the trial id.

Four witnesses in one fubpccna — id.

EXAMINATION. One suspected of felony not to be

discharged by the justice without bail — id

In order to bail, how the examination is to be taken 70 Material evidence to be bound by recognizance id.

The whole to be certified at the next gaol delivery id. Justices may detain the prisoner till the next day id.

The perl'on accused not to be on oath — id.

----- ----- --may fubfribe his confession — id.

When voluntary, may be given in evidence against the

party, not against others — id.

EXCISE and CUSTOMS. Before whom the officers

are to take the oath — id.

Persons carrying away goods without warrant, how

punishable — — 71

Seizures to be determined by two justices — id.

Officers may arrcli persons unshipping prohibited goods id.

----- --- shall be bound to prosecute — id.

Masterof a ship with tea, how punishable — id.

Peffcn lurking within five miles of the fca, to run

goods, how punishable — 72

Receiving

INDEX,

453

Page

Receiving run goods, how punishable — 72

fersons carrying run goods, how punished id.

Two or more with more than six pounds of tea, &c. 73

Three or more, armed, to run goods, how punished id. Harbouring such offenders, how punished id.

Discovering offender, when advertised, how rewarded 74. Officers being killed, what to be done — id.

Wounding officers in discharge of their duty, how pu-

nished . — — id.

Officers being negligent, to be dismissed — 75

EXCISE in GENERAL. The excise-officer's oath id.

To be recorded at the next sessions — id.

The collector's duty . — — 76

Appeals, how determined — id.

Penalty on not appearing to give evidence — id.

Justices to employ proper persons to value the goods id.

How far the penalty may be lcffened — id.

EXCISE of ALE, CYDER, PERRY, &c. Duties

discharged, if turned to vinegar — id.

Coppers, brewing vessels, &c. to be gaged — id.

Overcharged by gauger, how settled — id,

OfBEKR, Ale, Worts, &c. — 77

EXCISE. (CANDLES) Penalty on privately making

to avoid the duty — — id.

(COACHES) See art. Coaches.

(CARTS, If'AGGONS, &c.) See art. Carts, Waggons, &c.

(TEA, COFFEE, &c.) Officers how to detefl offenders Penalty on not obeying the summons —

Drying or preparing leaves to imitate tea —

Form of conviction — —

On re-working chocolate, what to be done —

Offering tea to sale, without a permit —

Pedlar's offering it, with a permit —

(GLASS) No person concerned in this business to all as a

justice, in relation to the duties — id.

(HOPS) Bag not to be marked till the hops in it are

weighed — — 81

Altering

78

.79

id.

80

id.

id.

id.

454

INDEX.

Altering the mark, &c. how punished Cutting hop-binds (Black AS) p. 21

(LEATHER) Not to be removed from drying, till the

duty is charged and entered — id.

Twojustices may levy thepenalcies — id.

(LIKEN CLOTH, SILKS, and COTTONS) Penalty

for wearing painted or dyed callicoes, &c. id.

Draper having them undamped, how punished S2

(I I ALT) Time for making, how determined id.

Ill made, bow to be disposed of id.

Damaged by water, or dellroyed by fire, duty allowed 83 Penalties, how levied — — id.

(PAPER) Damaged by water, duty remitted id,

(PLATE) Goldsmiths, &c. to enter their name and

mark id.

None to fell plate without a licence — 84

Prosecutions before of or justices — id.

(SALT) Oaths to be taken by officers, &c. — .

Abatement to refiners — —

Salt to be weighed from the salt-pit —

Who may settle the prices of salt —

To be sold by weight — —

Penalty on the buyer — —

When salt that hath paid duty is loft atfea, the duty remitted — : —

No dealer in salt to act as a justice in relation to theft duties —

(SOAP) Penalty on privately making —

When seized and not owned, to be condemned

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

86

id.

id.

(SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS) Concealed, may be searched

for by a warrant from a justice — id.

Penalty on obstrnfling the officers — 87

Private Bills seizable — id.

Persons aiding in private distillation, how punishable 88 Officer aftionable, if no ftillis found — 89

Who shall be deemed a common distiller — id.

Penalty on distillers having a private pipe — id.

Excise officer may search for it ' — id.

----- ----- ----- -may enter warehouses, See. — id.

Spirituous liquors not to be received without a permit go

Penalty

INDEX,

455

Page

Penalty on felling without a licence — 90

----- -may be changed for imprisonment — id.

Liquors of unlicensedperson on conviction to be (laved id. Conviction for selling spirituous liquors unlicensed id. Penalty for felling them in the ltrects, or on the water.

Sc. — — 91

Any peace or farish officer may seize the offender id.

No licence for felling such liquors in a gaol. Sc. id.

Five or more assembled to run such liquors, how pu-

nished . — — 92

Sellers without a permit, as in case of tea, p. 72 id.

Drawback allowed in certain cases — id.

Bounty on exportation of spirituous liquors — 93

Size of ships limited — — .id.

Rules respecting the drawback — — id.

Certificate of persons convicted to' be transmitted by

justices to the clerk of the peace — id.

(STARCH and HAIR POWDER) Privately making,

how punishable — — id.

Seizable, if suspected not to have paid duty 94

Condemned in 20 days, if not claimed id.

EXPORTATION of tools, machines, Sc. howpunished id. Such tools, Sc. maybefeized, and the exporter bound

to appear, Sc. — — 95

EXTORTION. What it is — id.

Justices not to exceed the cods allowed — id.

No public officer to take exorbitant fees — id.

F,

FELONY. Averycomprehenfiveterm — id.

Felon, if able, to pay his charges of carrying to gaol id.

See Commitment, p. jt — id.

Prosecutor reimbursed on felon's conviction — 96

Cods may be regulated by justices — id.

See Cojis, p. 59 — id.

Evidence reimbursed — — id.

Person charged with felony and acquitted. Sc. to be

discharged without fee — id.

But

INDEX.

Bat the usual fee paid by the county

Misprision of felony, what Theftbote, what it is

Pag«

?<5 id. id.

FIREWORKS. Penalty on felling them — 97

Penalty on calling or permitting them to be cad into

any public street, &c. — — id.

FISH and FISHING. See Game.

FORCIBLE ENTRY and DETAINER; How entry is to be made — —

How the indiftinent mud be worded —

Two or more justices, .when the force is viewed Jufiiee may take fulHcient power of the county

----- --may cause the offenders to be arreded —

And committed to the next gaol —

Justices to make record of their proceedings —

--- may issue precept to the sheriff, to summon

proper personss, to enquire of fuclt entry Penalty on neglect in persons summoned —

----- ----- ----- ---- in the sheriff — —

No reditntion after three years' quiet possession Forcible entry by three or more, a riot —

id.

id;

id.

lu.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

99

FOREIGN SERVICE. Seducingmanufacturers, how

punished — — id.

Having tools, fcc. to export, how punishable id;

Entitling to serve a foreign prince — loo

FORGERY. -An offence by datute, and at common

law. — — — id;

How punished — — id.

FRAME-WORK. Pi cces and dockings, how to be

marked — — 101

Offender, if convicted, how punished — id.

Application of penalties — — id.

FUEL. Length of billets, affixed and marked id.

G.

INDEX*

457

G.

GAME. Offenders against the game laws, how punish-

able — — to i

Any person may give evidence — 102

Who may appoint game-keepers — id;

Penalty on game keepers felling game — id.

Only one game keeper to be made — id.

His name to be entered on pain of 5I. — id.

Game keeper muff be qualified ora servant — id.

----- ----- --- mav seize dogs, &c. with a warrant 103

Qualification for killing game — id.

Penalty on killing it, if unqualified — id.

Constables may search the houses of such persons id.

Higlers, carriers, &c. how punishable — 104

Poulterers not allowed to expose them to sale — id.

Certificate to be annually taken out — id.

Gamekeeper's deputation to be registered — id.

Correct lift of certificates to be printed — id.

Penalty on persons (hooting without certificate toj

Any person producing his own certificate, may demand another's — — id.

Penalty on refusing, or giving in a false name, &c. id. Certificate gives no exemption from other penalties

to unqualified persons — id.

Gamekeepers limited to the manor — id.

Offenders to fuft'er three months imprisonment id.

Justice may mitigate the penalties — 106

Duties granted by this att, where paid — id.

Penalty on soldiers and officers killing the game id.

(FOUR-FOOTEDJ DEER. Hunting deer unlawfully,

how punished — — id.

Selling deer, how punished — id.

Shooting at deer in a chafe, how punished — id.

One justice may issue his warrant on suspicion 107

----- ----- --may summon, or grant a warrant to apprehend deer Healers — id.

Penalties, how recovered — 108

Offender may be committed, if no goods can be found id. Justices in session may, with prosecutor's leave, enlarge

the prisoner — — id.

Form of conviction — id.

To be certified to the sessions — — 109

Nnn DESTROY-

INDEX.

Page

DESTROYING GAME punishable by the Black Act, which fee.

DESTROYING COVERT. See Burning.

(HARES, kc.) Penalty for tracing hares in the fnoiv 109

Uling fnarcs, how punished — id.

Killing hares in the night time — id.

Periods forbidden for killing game — id.

Form of conviction — — 110

Third offence punishable with imprisonment — id.

Proceedings within one month — id.

Application of forfeitures — id.

Warrant of distress may be granted — id.

What to be done, if the offender is in another county 111 Defraying hares, how punished — id.

Unlawful hunting in a warren by night — id.

Or on the borders of warrens — id.

' [HAWKS) Hawk's eggs not to be taken out of the

neli — — II2

Hawking in another man's corn — id.

[SWANS) Swan's eggs taking, how punishable id.

[PARTRIDGES, kc.) Shooting at, and killing, how

punished — Selling partridges. See. how punished — Killing in the night — — Limitation of hoars for killing game — Time limited for killing partridges and pheasants id. id. 114 id.

(PIGEONS) Penalty for killing them — id.

[WATER FOWL) Time limited for taking them Eggs not to be dellroyed at certain times — 5 id.

[GROUSE, fee.) Time limited for killing Slack Game, Red Game, and Bujlards — Penalty on offenders — — on killing them by night — l°

[HERONS) Not to be taken but by hawking Eggs not to be dellroyed — 117 id.

[FISH)

INDEX.] 459

GAME. ‘ _ Page

[FISH) Not to be caught in any river, &c. without

content — — H7

Justices may take angles, sith-hooks, &c. — id.

Pithing in a paddock, &c. how punishable — 118

Regulations for preferring sith — ' id.

Unfizeable sith not to be taken — 1x9

Offender how punishable — id.

Limited time for taking lobtlers on the Scotch coatl id.

No new wear to be set up on the sea thore — id.

Size of the methes of drag nets, &c. — 120

GAMING. Justices, &c. may enter gaming-houses Justices may take and bind over offenders — Forfeitures, how ditlributed —

Suits, where heard and determined —

Cards, dice, &c. &c. at alehouses, &c. forbidden Persons using them, how punishaljle —

Tjnlicensed places of entertainment —

Licences, when granted, and how —

Constable, on proper notice, to prosecute — Penalty on Constable neglecting —

C'ontlable to be allowed all reasonable costs — Persons supposed to live by gaming, liable to be summoned — —

Justices to suppress unlawful lotteries —

Persons felling ellates, &c. by lottery, how punishable — —

Selling advowsons, jewels, flips, &c. —

Forfeitures in Hath, how applied —

Witness refuting to appear, how punishable Justice neglecting, how punishable —

Unlawful lotteries prohibited —

Licence to be taken, but not at the universities Penalties, how applied —

id.

id.

id.

121

id.

12Z

id.

id.

IZ3

id.

id.

id.

id.

124

id.

id.

id.

1U.

id.

id.

GAOL and GAOLER. Grand jury may present in-

suficient gaols — 126

Felons to be sent only to the common gaol — id.

Gaoler punishable for not receiving them — id.

Vagrants to be sent as the justices shall think proper id.

How the gaols shall be maintained — id.

Prisoners may be set to work — 127

County gaol, prison for malefaflors — id.

Debtors and felons not to be lodged together id.

The walls and cielings of gaols to be frequently

walked — — id.

Baths to be provided — id.

N n z Apothecary

460

INDEX,

Page

Apothecary and furgeou to be appointed — Justices enabled to build and repair gaols - — may contract with persons for repairing

. — may build a new gaol —

— shall have regard to reparation of prisons

----- -may purchase lands —

Sheriff may remove prisoners while gaol is repairing SeEons may nominate justices to visit gaols : —

Expence of repairing or rebuilding to be repaid by county rates — —

Whole money borrowed to be repaid in 14 years Guardians, &c. may fell lands for the purpose of gaols — —

A jury may ascertain the value of lands —

Justices may receive plans and edimates —

Except such justices as are intereded —

Justices to appoint gaolers' salaries —

No gaoler to suffer tippling or gaming in prison Appropriation of penalties — —

Form of conviction — —

Salary of clergy oficiating in gaols —

Fee on prisoner's discharge —

Concerning debtors —

Tables and Rates of fees to be established —

— ----- ----- ----- --to be reviewed and altered if necef-

12S

id.

id.

id.

id.

129

id.

id.

id.

»3°

id.

id.

id.

131 id. id. id. id.

132 id. id.

133

fary — — id.

Copy of them to be hung up in the court of sessions id.

Another copy in the gaol for the uleof the prisoners 134 Who may esquire concerning gifts to poor prisoners id.

Every county to contribute to King's-Bench and Mar-

shalfea — — id.

GAUGER. See Exciji. GIN. See Excise.

GLASS. Forfeitures recoverable before one Justice id.

GLOVES. Licence to be taken out by retailers 134

Duties specified — — id.

In whose management — — id-

Licences by whom granted and when to be taken out id. Inllruflions toretailers — — id.

Penalties how incurred — — id.

Retailers who so deemed — — id.

Penalties how levied and applied — — 136

Appeals

INDEX,

Page

Appeals when heard and by whom - — — 137

Penalty on witness.neglecting or refilling to appear id*

GOOD BEHAVIOUR. SccSarefy.

GRAND LARCENY. See Larceny.

GREYHOUND. Set Game.

GUNPOWDER. Magazine to be Ucensed by the juf-

tices — — 138

Iflicence not granted, the party may apply to King's'

Bench — — id.

Limited time for the penalties . — — id.

Sessions may appoint proper places for magazines 139 Mills, magazines, &c. may be searched in day-time id. Places exempt from this afi — - — id.

GUNS. See Game.

H.

HABEAS CORPUS. See Sail.

HACKNEY COACHES and CHAIRS. Justice may grant his warrant again!! a person refuting to pay, or defacing coach, &c. — 140

Breach of bye-laws punishable by juliiceas by coramif-

lioners — — id.

Hackney coach rates — — 141

Penalties recoverable as by former laws — id.

Additional duty where to be paid — - id,

HARBOUR FILLING UP. See Rivers and Naviga-

lion.

HARES. Sec Game.

HATS. Licence to be taken out by retailers — id.

Duties specified — — id.

In whose management — — id.

Penalties

INDEX,

46$

Page

Penalties how incurred — — 142

. - - how levied and applied — — id.

Appeals where heard — — id.

HAWKERS and PEDLARS. To pay a duty of 4I. per

ann. — — — id.

Penalty on trading without licence ' — id.

Con liable's neglect herein, how punished — 143

Additional duty in certain cases — id.

Penalties how incurred — — id.

Licence by whom subscribed — — id.

Travelling with a forged licence, how punishable id. Any person may detain a hawker, &c. — id.

Penalty on constable refilling to assist — 144

Hawkers not to open alhop within two miles of market

towns — — — id.

— — licenced June 25, 17SJ, may set up where they

live — — — id.

Such not removable till actually chargeable — id.

No wholesale trader deemed a hawker — id.

Who besides are not included in this act — id.

Application of penalties — — id.

HAWKS and HAWKING. See Game.

HEDGEBREAKING. See Wood.

HEMP. Not to be watered, where cattle are watered 145 Grower of hemp entitled to a bounty — id.

Justices to advertise the bounties on hemp — id.

HERRING FISHERY. Penalty on damaging or de-

ltroying nets, &c. — — id.

HIDES and SKINS. See Leather.

HIGH TREASON. SeeTreafi*.

HIGHWAYS. Sessions to be held for them at a fixed

time — — 146

Parish meeting for this purpose, when held — id.

LIII to be transmitted to justices — — id.

Jnlliccs to appoint one, two, or more 147

Persons not appearing to accept the office of surveyor id.

If no lift is returned, the justices may appoint — id.

' Penalty

INDEX,

4 %

Page

Penalty on not returning the lift — 14S

An a Aidant to the surveyor may be appointed — id.

Surveyor not redding, to give bond — id.

Justices to deliver a printed charge to surveyors id.

Two parts in three of the parishioners may agree to settle a salary on the surveyor — 149

On the death of a surveyor, two justices may appoint

one — — 'id.

Surveyor to give information on oath of the highways id. Lands given for maintenance of the highways to be let

to the belt advantage — id.

Terms of com, instead of labour — 150

Justices may order the team duty in kind — id.

In what manner to be proportioned — id.

In what cases the justices may reduce the duty 151 Labourers duty, who are 1S and not 60 years of age id.

What roads to be first amended — id.

Where and how materials may be procured — id.

If not within the parish, then in the next — 152

Surveyor to make satisfaction for damage — id.

No mill, or building, &c. to be damaged — > id.

Surveyor not to fell materials, &c. without a licence

from a justice — — id.

Pits or holes to be fenced off, or filled up — 153

Penalty on surveyor's neglect — . id.

No tree or bullies to Hand in or near highways |d.

Owners of land adjoining, 'to lop trees, cut hedges,

&c. — — id.

Ditches to be opened, and drains made — 134

No hay, straw, Hubble, &c. for manure to be laid id.

No encroachment on highway to be made — id.

Nuisances to be removed on notice given — id.

If not by owners of land, by surveyor — 15;

Penalty on owners not doing it — , id.

Drivers of carts riding therein, See. — id.

Penalty on drivers' refusing to discover his name 156

----- --on not having the name on carriage — id.

No gate-keeper at a public bridge shall fell liquor id.

Direction-posts to be properly placed — id.

Defacing mile Hones, how punished — 157

Number of horses to carts and waggons, regulated ' id-information within three days — . 158

Justices may licence an increase of horses up hills, Sec. id. Wheels of carts, &c. within the bills of mortality id-

Persons injured by widening highways may appeal id-Justices may widen, divert, and change them id.

INDEX,

Page

No house or building to be pulled down, or garden.

See. injured — — 159

Justices, at feifions, may impanel a jury to assess damages — — id.

No assessment shall exceed 6d. in the pound — id.

When a new way is made, the old way to be flopped

np, and the land fold — id.

Right of way in some cases referred — 160

Foot way may be turned, with owner's consent id.

No common land between the fences of an old highway shall be inclosed — id.

Differences how settled — — 161

Unnecessary highways may, by the same authority, be

flopped up — — id.

Surveyors to make oath of difbnrfements — id.

Notice to be given of applications for a rate i6z

Not to exceed (including all expence) gd. in the pound — — id.

Refilling the execution of this a ft, how punished id.

Surveyor neglecting duty — — id.

----- — to keep and produce his accounts within 15

days of the feifions next after Michaelmas 163 — to verify his account before a justice on

oath — — id.

— ----- --- to deliver a duplicate to his successor id.

----- — to deliver also tools, implements, Sec. id.

Penalty on neglecting to do this — id.

Surveyor to charge the expences of indifttnent, &c. 164.

Justice may present highway, &c. at sessions id.

Assessments, &c. may be levied by distress — id.

Penalties half to informer, half to surveyor — i6j

If surveyor informs, the whole to the highway id.

Any justice may levy the penalty, if the offender removes — . — id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to feifions — 166

HIGHWAYS (TURNPIKE) No gatekeeper removable, unless actually chargeable — id.

No gatekeeper shall gain settlement by such residence id.

Widow, Sec. of a gatekeeper shall give up possession

in four days — — id.

Weighing engines to be erected — 167

Information against owners of carriages within three

days — — id.

Evading or defrauding the tolls, how punished id.

Driving a carriage not marked, how punished 168

Statute

I 1ST D E X. 46

Page

Statute duty to be proportioned by juiliccs — 168

Where this duty is not wanted on turnpike roads id.

No rubbish or earth to be differed to remain — 169

Defacing mile Ifones, &c. how punishable — id.

Mortgagees to be accountable to the trustees id.

Refinance of persons executing this act, how punished id. Penalties, how levied and applied — 170

Any justice may act, though a creditor or trustee id.

----- ----- ---- levy the penalty, if the offender dwells

in another limit — — id.

In what manner the penalties may be sued for id.

Persons thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal. id.

HIGHWAYMEN. See Roilery.

HOMICIDE. What it is —

Man (laughter, how distinguished Not bailable by the justices of the peace . Murder, how defined —

Duel lifts and their seconds equally guilty Persons not endeavouring to apprehend a manflayer indictable —

Where the person stricken in one county dies in another, the offender to be indicted, where the party dies — —

The burial office not to be read over afek-de-fe

id.

id.

id.

id.

— id.

id.

id.

HORSES. Different duties on them — 172

Duty on entering race-horses — id.

Licence by whom to be taken out — id.

Commissioners may remit the duty in certain cases 173

Penalties how levied and applied 1 — id.

Who are exempted — — id.

Lid to be affixed on church-doors — id.

Forfeitures on buying stolen horses — 174.

Killing or maiming horses in the night — id.

HORSE-RACES. No person shall run a horse not his

own — — — 175

No plate under 50I. to be run for . — id.

Who are accountable for duties — id.

HOUSE-BREAKER killed, the flayer is acquitted 176

Breaking into the house a capital offence — . id.

What offences made felony by particular statutes id. Commissioners of land-tax, of houses and windows

id. Charge

O o o

Cn

466

INDEX.

Page

Charge to be read to the afieffors — 176

Rates of houses and windows — 177

----- --of offices and outhouses — id.

Penalty on opening windows, after assessment id.

A defiers to retnrn the names of two or more to be collectors — — id.

Appeals when and to whom to be made — 178

House to be taxed according to the yearly rent id.

No farm honfe (above tol. per ann.) to be rated id.

Coach-houses and offices (except warehouses) to be

rated — — id.

HOUSE of CORRECTION. Justices to direct the purchase of houses, Sec. . — id.

J a dices may build or enlarge them, as need requires id.

— ----- may appoint lit mailers or governors 179

shall supply them with implements, &c. for

work . — — id.

Offenders to be committed till the next session id.

— -or dll discharged by due course of law id.

To what house of correction justices may commit id. Duty of mailer or governor — id.

Two justices shall visit them twice a year — 180

Justices in sessions may fine or remove the governor id.

No spirituous liquors to be sold therein — id.

Expences to be paid out of the county-rate — id.

Justices may nominate one or more justices to inspect id.

----- --employ affiilants to indraft the prisoners 182

Rules and orders shall be printed in legible characters id. Money to be raised as by 12 G. 2. — id.

Any judice may present the want of house of correction — — id.

Penalty on governor's felling wine. Sec. — id.

Refraflory prisoners may be hand-cuffed, &c. I S3

When the expence of building such houses of correction exceeds half the county rate, what may be done — — id.

Justices may appoint a church of England minider id. The judice may, in certain cases, commit either to

the house of correction or common gaol 184

HUE and CRY may be levied without a warrant id.

Conilables to present such as lodge itrangers, &c. id.

Indictment for not levying hue and cry — id.

HUNDRED. Writs against the hundred to be produced to two justices — id.

HUNTING. See Gam.

IDEOTS.

INDEX.

467

I.

Page

IDEOTS.. See Lunaticks.

IMPRISONMENT. See Arrejt, Commitment.

INCLOSURES. Penalty on pulling down and demounting them — — . 185

INDICTMENT. Capital and inferior crimes may be

indified — — id.

No injuries of a private nature, unless they concern

the king : — — id.

A felony not indictable as a trespass — id.

INDORSING a WARRANT in another county id.

INFANT is any one under 21 years of age — id.

Infant may be guilty of forcible entry ' — id.

---- may be bound a parish apprentice — id.

---- not indictable as a felon, under 15 years old id.

Servants above 18, punishable as felons — id.

INFORMATION, Of several kinds — 186

Offences against penal llatules, where prosecuted id.

No informer to compound, till after answer in court id. Nor after answer, but by consent of court id.

INMATES, How to be lodged — id.

Otherwise settled by the lord of the manor — id.

INROLMENT. Where lands and tenements, &c. arc

to be inrolled — — 187

With what time, and before whom — id.

JUDGMENT. To be given by justices in many cases

literally according to the datutes — id.

JURORS. Persons qualified to serve on juries to be

returned — — id.

Penalty on condable neglecting his duty herein id.

Lids to be delivered in open court — 188

Ooot Or,

INDEX.

. Page

Or, attested upon oath before one justice — 188

Penalty on constable making no return — id.

Justices at sessions may rectify errors in the lift id.

Lift to be entered by clerk of the peace — id.

Form and manner of appointing jurors — id.

When the jury is to be returned — id.

What number is to be returned — id.

The panels of jurors may be reformed — 189

Jury ought to be kept together, till they agree id.

With consent of justices they may eat and drink id.

A new inquest may be awarded — id.

Threatening a juror, how punishable — id.

Penalty ou juror absenting himself — id.

Grand jury refuting to find a bill, what is to be done id.

July giving averdid against all reason, what follows id.

JUSTICES of the PEACE are judges of record For what purposes appointed — —

Their record may not be gainfayed —

How chosen in antient times — —

What other confe'rvators of the peace —

Others by tenure, and by prescription —

Their duty in general — —

justices by act of parliament, by charter, by commis- fion — — —

Qualification to act as a justice — .

Oath of qualification —

Penalty on acting, without taking it —

No fnerifr shall ad as justice, while he acts as Iheri/F Justices have power in whatever is against the peace Thejufiice's oath of office —

Clerk's fees to be settled by them —

To be ratified by the judges — , —

Penalty on clerk's demanding more —

Table of fees to be put up in the sessions room In Middlesex, this table how confirmed —

Justices ought not to ad in their own case —

If the justice exceeds his authority, how the officer is to

190 id. id. id. id. id. id.

id.

id.

191 id. id. id.

192 id. id. id. id. id. id.

ad — — 193

Officer to grant a copy of the warrant — id.

justice not to proceed without summoning — id.

---- ought to make a record in writing — id.

Fines estreated to be sent into the exchequer — id.

Justices to have an eye to the statutes at large id.

---- how protected by the law — id.

--- qot to be proceeded against without notice id.

---- refusing to ad or misbehaving, liable to an information — 194.

LAND

INDEX, .

L,

Page

LAND TAX executed by of, not justices

as such — — 194

Qualification.of of in certain counties id. Certain exceptions, in cities, boroughs, &c. id.

No receiver, or collector, to be a commissioner id.

Penalty on acting before taking the oaths — id.

When they are to meet r — — id.

What to be done at their firli meeting — id.

What to be done, when the proportion exceeds 4s. in

the pound — — 195

Precepts to chuse assessors — id.

Afl'eflors not appearing, how punishable — id.-

Charge to be given the act'eflors — id.

Assessors to be assessed by of — id.

Persons to be rated at their place of residence id.

Housholders to give an account of lodgers — id.

Persons may be assessed for the goods, where they

arc — — 196

Members of parliament assessed at their mansion-

houses — — ‘ id.

Officers to pay for the profits of their employments id. Duty on offices, how reilrained — id.

Persons doubly charged,- how relieved — id.

— ----- --removing to escape taxation, how punishable id.

Land tax paid by tenant dedu&ed out of rent id.

Commissioners to settle differences — id.

Tax on foreign minister's houses, by whom paid id. Papists pay double tax — — id.

Quakers to subscribe the declaration of fidelity 197

Commissioners to appoint time and place for the aflef-

fors to bring their books — id.

Assessor's neglect, how punished — id.

Duplicates of assessment to be delivered — id.

Names of collectors to be returned — id.

Two duplicates of assessments to be signed — id.

Appeals when to be heard — — id.

Notice of appeal to be given in church — id.

Persons appealing, to give notice to assessors — id.

Commissioners interested, to have no voice — id.

Appeals heard and determined arc final — id.

Collators may levy by distress and falc — id.

Conveying

INDEX

47°

Arrears may be levied by present of id.

Collector to pay his money quarterly — id.

----- --- how paid for coliefling and giving receipts id.

Penalty on detaining, or not rightly paying the money id. Duty of receiver-general — lop

Duplicate of assessment to be sent to the exchequer id.

Double taxes to be particularly noted — id.

Copies of assessments after all appeals to be signed id. Kept for inspection by clerk of the peace ' — id.

Commissioner's clerks, how paid — id.

On their death or removal, what is to be done id.

Assessor's, collector's, or other's neglect, how punished zoo

LARCENY. How distinguished — id.

Justice out of fefions mult commit or bail for petty larceny — — id.

All petty larceny is felony — id.

The word ftkaimfy mult be added in the indictment id. Difiference between larceny from the person and robbery id. Picking pockets finally excluded from benefitof clergy id. What Robberies are within, and what excluded from

this benefit — — zoi

Reward for apprehending and prosecuting a felon to

conviction — — id.

Watchman or other person killed in apprehending id.

Executors entitled to the reward — 202

Any person out of prison discovering two or more, how

rewarded — — id.

Robbing a booth in a fair. &c. how punishable id.

Stealing on a river, or from a wharf, howpnnished id.

Receiver of stolen goods an accessary (which fee, f. I.) id.

Receiving thieves, or their llolengoods, felony id.

Penalty on buying or receiving such goods — id.

Lead, iron. See. bought or received (fee Stolen Goods.) id. One judice to grant a warrant, two to convict id.

V/hat to be done with goods so bought and received 203

Such goods, and the fellers of them, to be seized id. Justice may commit to safe custody for six days 204

LEATHER. Forfeitures by this act, how disposed of id. Any two justices near may hear and determine id.

Carrier how punishable for neglect -r id.

Importation of foreign gloves, how punishable id.

Cause of seizure, by whom to be determined 205

Qfiender convicting the vender, shall be indemnified id.

LECTURERS,

Page

:20J

LECTURERSi Unlicensed, shall be punished

LEWDNESS. Adulterers and fornicators may be apprehended — — id.

Adulterers and fornicators mud find furcty for good ' behaviour — — id.

LIBEL. What it is — — id.

LICENCE fot SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS. Additional duties on retailers — 206

Licences, where and when ought to be taken out. id.

In whom the management is invested — 207

t Penalties how levied and applied — id.

Limitation of the time of prosecuting — id.

LINEN CLOTH. Any person may set up to make or

whiten thread — — id

Foreigners using this trade three years, how privi-

leged _ — — id.

Penalty on injuring cloth _ — id.

— -- on fixing false (lamps on it — 208

— on wearing cambric or French lawn — id.

Forfeiture of linens or stuffs undamped — 209

Calicoes how to be damped and marked — id.

Linens or duffs improperly, marked may be seized by any officer of excise — 210

Penalty for forging a frame mark — id.

This act extends to British silks — id.

Draw back of duties - — id.

Leave to export calicoes, &c. duly paid for 211

Officers to take off the seals, &c. of exported goods id. Duties where to be paid - — 212

Limitation of the time of commencing the action id.

LORD'S DAY. Forfeiture for non-attendance on divine worship — —

Forfeiture for exposing shoes, &c. to sale — Penalty on carriers, &c. travelling —

— on drovers, higlers, butchers, &c. —

Fish carriages exempted - —

Using any gun. &c. to kill game, how punished No writ to be executed on Lord's day —

Penalty on opening houses for debate, &c. —

— on advertising such amusement —

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

214

id.

id.

LUNATICKS. Two justices may by warrant secure them — —

id.

INDEX,

m

Charges to be repaid out of lunatick's effects (if any) Page 2H

Penalty on receiving lunaticks without a licence 215

M.

MADDER. Penalty on destroying it id.

Prosecution within thirty days id.

MAIM. Maiming, or disabling any one. felony id.

MAINTENANCE. Hotv defined .. 216

Maintaining quarrels prohibited — id.

Called also embracery — — id.

Penalty on embracing jurors — id.

on jurors consenting to embracery — id.

MANUFACTURERS enticed Abroad. See Foreign Service, p. 99.

MILITIA. When to be trained and exercised — id.

All of to be approved by his Majesty id.

Three deputy lieutenants to act in certain cases id.

Qualification forcommissioned officers — 317

----- ---- when to be delivered in — zr8

Lifts tobelaid annually before Parliament — 219'

Forfeitures for unqualified persons afling — id.

When officers may be discharged ' — id.

Clerks may be appointed — id.

Number of men raised in each county — id.

Generaland subdivision meetings of whom to consist 221 Notice tobe given of such meetings — id.

When not a sufficient number to act, what to be done id. Constables to return lifts — ' id.

Copies oflills to be (tuck on church door — 222

Subdivision meetings may amend lilts — id.

General meetings may alter subdivision meetings id.

Deputy lieutenants appoint the number of men for each parish — — id.

Militia man's oath — — id.

Every man to be inrolled — — id.

Subfiitute's oath — — id.

Fresh ballot when to be taken — — id.

By whom the oath may be administered — id.

Penalty on not appearing — — id.

Persons

INDEX. 473

Page

Persons exempted from serving — 223

Lifts for two places may be added together — id.

If a list be loft a new one to be made — id.

Constable's neglect of duty — id.

On a false return being made — id.

Change of abode doth not excuse — id.

When a parish lies in more than one county — id.

If any person be fraudulently bound apprentice 224.

Substitutes for Quakers, how provided — id.

Penalties incurred by Quakers, how levied — id.

Persons unfit to serve when chosen, maybedischarged id. — — becoming unfit to serve, maybe discharged id. Vacancies by death to be filled up by ballot- — ‘ id.

Two deputy lieutenants may ballot — id.

The parish to pay half the premium of a substitute in certain cases —

Parishes may raise volunteers —

Disputes may be determined by one justice — Substitutes not appearing —

Payment of bounty to substitutes, how recovered Lilt; of men willing to serve again to be transmitted Penalty on militia man enlisting elsewhere —

— — on officers enlisting a militia man - —

. — on soldiers offering to serve in militia —

----- --on ordering militia serjeants to beat up

Rolls signed at fuboivision meetings —

Number of persons to serve to be transmitted annually Penalties how applied —

Who has authority to administer oaths —

Companies of what number consists —

The nunlber in small counties may be incorporated County lieutenants may be ranked as colonels —

The senior resident officer ranked as colonel in the ab.

fence of the commanding officer —

When lieutenant colonels may be promoted to colonels When the numbers do not amount to a regiment how ranked. — —

When lieutenants may be captain lieutenants —

How adjutants may be appointed —

A paymaster'sappointment —

Exceptions in appointing captains —

Half pay officer's oath —

Number of serjeants, corporals, and drummers, in and out of atlual service —

Serjeant and corporal's oath —

Serjeant and drum majors' appointment —

No publican to serve as serjeant, corporal, or drummer An additional corporal in certain cales

P pp

id.

225 id. id. id. id. id. id. . id. id. id. id.

226 id. id.

227 id.

id. id.

id. id. id.

228 id. id.

id. id. id.

229 id.

Serjeant,

i

474

INDEX

Serjeant, corporal, or drummer, by whom may be discharged —

Commanding officer may appoint lifers and musicians Serjeant of Chelsea Hospitals privilege — '

Serjeants capable of admission into Chelsea hospital The time to be trained and exercised —

Notice of such time to be affixed on church doors Lids of the men to be sent to proper officers —

The number to be chosen from such lilt for exercise Vacancies to be filled by ballot —

Volunteers offering to serve —

Billetring officers and private men —

Militiamen disabled by sickness —

justices may grant warrants to impress carriages State of militia to be sent to the county lieutenant Forfeiture on militia men not appearing — Deserters how punishable — —

A substitute deferring how punishable —

Arms and accoutrements howto be kept and managed The receiver or buyer of fresh accoutrements how punishable — — .

Militia men to be put under lloppages —

Court-martials how directed, and when held Arms where to be kept —

Serjeants, corporals, and drummers, to be resident where the- arms are kept —

Militia men not appearing how may be apprehended Serjeant, corporal, and drummer, deferring, how may be apprehended — —

How remanded from prison —

Penalties on gaolers in refuting to receive deserters Serjeants employed in apprehending to be billetted J ultice may recover the reward for apprehending a deserter — —

Penalty for concealing a deserter —

When liable to be embodied — —

Militia not to be sent out of Great Britain —

His majesty's proclamation to be issued for the next session of parliament prior to embodying And orders sent from lieutenant to constables, &c. Officers of militia to lit in no other court martial Agents to be appointed on militia being called out Receiver-general of land-tax in some cases to pay one guinea for every private man —

And in case the term of service should be longer than three years, what he is to pay —

Militia entitled to same pay as other forces

Page

229

id.

id.

y.

id.

id.

id.

230 id. id. id. id. id. id. id.

231 id. id.

id.

id.

232 id.

id.

233

id.

id.

234 id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

23>

id.

id.

id.

id.

Militia

475

INDEX.

Militia entitled to benefit of Chelsea hospital

----- --to'besubjefl to orders when disembodied

The powers given to Northumberland extend to Berwick upon Tweed — —

Officers in the Isle of Wight to be qualified as those for Wales ' — —

And to beraiiedin the same manner as those for Southampton — —

Parts of different counties how to be deemed The warden of the Itannaries to march and exercise the Tinners — —

Lieutenants to lift and levy the train bands Constable of the Tower to appoint deputy lieutenants Deputy lieutenant to act when lieutenant is out of the kingdom

Tower hamlet commission not vacated by death, &c.

of the lieutenant — . —

A treasurer of the trophy money to be appointed Warden of cinque ports may act as lieutenants of counr-ties — — —

Bcturns to be made from Kent and Sussex Orders issued by the chief constable when — Returns to be annually feat to the clerk of the peace to be filed

Pag?

235

id.

id.

id.

id.

236

id.

id.

id.

— id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

*37

— id.

Certificates of training to be entered by clerk of the peace id. In lieu of such certificates what each county is to pay id. Payments in certain cases to be proportioned as the quotas paid to the (and tax — — id.

Where is no county rate, assessment money to be raised

by poor's rate — — id.

And in some cases borne by the city, totynor place 23!?

If not paid, how it may be levied — id.

The receiver-general to transmit an account of the monies to the treasury — id.

The receiver-general's salary — — id.

Treasurer and high constable what allowed — id.

Copy of certificate to be sent to treasury — 239

Solicitor of the treasury may levy claims — . id.

Penalty on clerk of peace for neglefit of duty id.

A commission not to vacatea feat in parliament id.

No penalties incurred by absence at elections id.

Exemptions from serving parish offices — 240

Privileges of soldiers who have done actual service id. Penalties, fines, and forfeitures, how levied and applied id. No conviction to be removed into any other court ' id. No action to commence after six months — id,

iff hax of the former acts remain in force — 241

p p p 4 marine;

INDEX,

MARINE FORCES.

Under whom employed —

Mutiny and desertion punishable with death Court-martial to be held by lord high admiral. Sec.

Articles for punishment by lords of admiralty No punishmentto life and limb, unless so expressed Officers' oath on a court-martial —

Judge advocates's oath — —

How many officers mull be present —

The party tried entitled to a copy of the sentence Proceedings to be forwarded to the admiralty No sentence to be revised more than once —

Deferring beyond the seas the same as within the realm id. Marine officer or private amenable to law — id.

Marine acquitted or conviQed by the magistrate may be

cashiered — — id.

— — punishable by law, to be delivered to civil ma-

gifirate — — id.

Officer refuling to deliver him to be cashiered id.

Fictitious names not to be construed a false mutter id. Constibles to billet marines, as other soldiers id.

Penalty on officers' opposing constables billetting 244

Persons aggrieved may complain to a justice, &c. id.

Marine officer and private men's diet — id.

Other regulations respecting diet — 245

Penalty on taking money for excusing quartering id.

Commanding officer may exchange marines — id.

Deductions to be directed by lords of the admiralty id.

Innkeepers' demands to be settled by paymaller id.

Accounts to be settled on moving from quarters 246

Justices to order carriages for marine forces — id.

Carriages not compellable to go further than one day's

journey — — id.

Penalty on cor.stable neglecting to provide carriages 247 Treasurer to repay constables' charges for carriages id. Money if necessary to be raised as for gaols and bridges id. Weight of baggage limited — id.

Carriages in Scotland how regulated — id.

Wives and children not to be quartered without consent id. Penalty on officers and marines destroying game 248

Account of deserters to be transmitted to the secretary

of the achsirahy — ~ — id.

The continuance of this act — id.

No offence (except desertion) punishable after three years id. Volunteer as a marine how far protected — id.

Marine's pay to be flopped from the day of his confinement — — id.

Penalty for refusing quartering — 249

Justices

Page

241

id.

id.

id.

id.

242 id. id. id.

243

id.

INDEX,

Page

Justices may order constables to give in an account of

quarters : — — 249

Magistrate entitling mull not be an officer of marines id. Officers of land forces may unite with marine in court-

martial — — id.

Marine forces on ihipboard how to be governed 250

477

N,

NORTHERN BORDERS. Moss-troopers in Northumberland and Cumberland r — 250

What to be done to secure them id.

If a person escapes from justice into Scotland id.

If from Scotland into England, what is done 251

Expence to be paid where the oifcnce was committed id.

NUISANCE. What it is — id.

Hour different from annoyances — id.

public nuisance how remedied — id.

o,

PATHS. In what cases administered — jd.

Not tendered to the person accused — id.

Information against the prisoner to be sworn to id.

prosecutor or witnesses ought to makeoath — id.

This oath may be afterwards given in evidence on trial id. Where one is authorized to examine witnesses, an oath

may be given — — 252

Disaffected persons may be summoned to take the oaths id. Justices for Chester may impower persons to take affidavits id. Not within a mile of Chester during the fession id.

Justices of the court may empower persons to take recognizances — — id.

Fees for commissions — 253

Power of prothonotary not assessed by this act id.

Fraudulent baiW-felony — — id.

PFFICE. What to be done before and at the appointment id. What to be done in three months after — id.

What within six months — — 254

Duties on offices, belong to land-tax — id.

‘ What

INDEX,

pa6e

What is meant by perquisites of office — 254

Thefealfo, under the management of land-tax jd.

P.

PARDON. Felon pardoned, maybebound for his good

behaviour for feren years r- id,

PA RLI AMENT. Oath of qualification by whom administered — —

No one to vote under 21 years of age —

Qualification of voter for knight of shire —

Penalty for voting, unqualified —

How long previous poflession necessary —

Land-tax duplicates to be made ' — -

Persons qualified to vote, but not assessed, may appeal Names improperly omitted may be inserted — Cullom-hoafe officers, excise-men, &c. not admitted to vote — —

Returning-officer'soath 1 —

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

256

id,

PARTITION.' Writ of partition to be executed before

two justices — — 257

PAWNING. Rates allowed to pawnbrokers id.

Party may redeem within seven days after the first month id. All pawns to be entered in books, anddeferibed 258 Unlawfully pawning another's goods, howpunished id. Penalty for counterfeiting pawnbroker's note 259

Persons not giving a good account of pawns may be detained — — id.

Owner of goods unlawfully pawned how to proceed 260 Pawnbroker refusing search how to be dealt with 261

— ----- refusing to deliver back goods to be committed — — 262

What to be done when the note is loll or miilaid id.

Goods may be sold at the end of one year 263

Eut not tiil three months after the end of the year, if

notice be given to the contrary — id.

Pawnbrokers to keep a just account — id.

— ----- to purchase goods only at public auction id.

Limitation of hours for pawning — ^ 264

Rate

INDEX,

479

Page

Rate of profit, name, &c. to be inscribed on pawnbrokers' (hop . . — — 264.

Disputes to be determined by any justice for the county id.

Penalty for embezzling or damaging goods — 265

Justice may summon pawnbroker to produce papers, &c. id.

Where no penalty is specified, the sum is 5I. within 12

months — — — id.

Church-wardens and overseers to prosecute at the expence of the parish — id.

Justices to have no fee for acting herein — id.

Inhabitants admifiible to give evidence — 266

Persons thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal id.

Act to continue one year — 267

PERFUMERY. Duties to be paid —

Not to extend to drugs, or plain soap —

Licen/ed to deal, Sec. to be written over the door, &c. Penalty on fixing such notice, unlicensed — Penalty on felling without a (lamp —

Cafe, wherein no (lamp is required —

Wholesale dealer to keep a book of entries —

Penalty on using the same label more than once Discount for prompt payment of duties —

Notice to be given, previous to the licence — Penalty for obstructing officers —

Damaged covers maybe relloredon oath, &c.

Goods for exportation exempt from duties — Counterfeiting (lamps — felony —

Penalties how recovered and applied —

No informer to have his share after six months Offencemay be heard byoncjustice near the place . Penalty on witness not attending ' —

Penalties mitigated to one half — .

Duties and penalties to be paid to receiver-general (lamps — —

Schedule of articles subject to this a & —

id.

26S.

id.

id.

id.

id.

269 id. id. id.

270 id.

id.

272

id.

id.

m

of

id.

id.

PERJURY and SUBORNATION. Perjury defined 278 Subornation defined — — id.

Penalty for suborning another — id.

Perjury how punished — — 279

How and by whom this crime may be enquired of id.

PETITION. Penalty for soliciting numbers to a petition id. Unless authorized by justices for the county — id.

PEWTER

X N D E X,

480

Pagd

PEWTER and other METALS. Searchers appointed

by pewterers — — . 279

Unlawful pewter forfeited — id.

Pewter not to be sold secretly — id.

Penalty on buying stolen pewter pots — 280

PILLORY and TUMBREL. Justices not hastily to

sentence to this punishment — 1 id.

Fine and imprisonment preferable — id.

PLAGUE. When quarantine is appointed, what to be

done — — id.

Superintendent, being negligent, guilty of felony id.

Penalty for coming on Ihore — — id.

When neighbouring countries are infefiled, what to be

done — — ^8t

Lazarets to be provided — — id.

Lands to be purchased, where moll convenient 282

Rates may be made to relieve persons infected id.

County within five miles may be afielTed — id.

What proof to be given that the vessel is free from in-

section — — id.

Goods liable to quarantine to be opened and aired id.

No fee to be taken for certificate of health, &c. id.

Giving a false certificate, felony — 283

PLAYERS. Acting for hire without licence, an act of

vagrancy — — id.

Penalties how recovered and applied — id.

Exception in favour of playhouses in certain towns id.

POLYGAMY. An act of felony — id.

Who not included within the act — id.

First wife not allowed as a witness against her husband 284. Second wife's testimony admissible — id.

FOOR. Persons aggrieved by overseer, &c. may appeal id. When and how overseers are appointed — id.

Overseers dying, &c. two justices may chuse another id. Penalty on justices not appointing overseers — id.

Overseers, under what description — id.

— -to reimburse their predecessors — id.

— -to set the poor to work — 28;

----- --- to meet once a month — id.

Two justices within 40 days may remove any poor id. Unless they rent icl. perann. or givesecurity id.

Certificate-person not removable, till actually chargeable id.

How

INDEX.

Page

How settlement may be gained by such person 286

Apprentice to certificate person gains no settlement id. Execution of a certificate how verified — id.

Parish not compellable to grant certificates — id.

Certificate not binding unless signed by the justices id.

----- --- — extends to the whole family, tho* born after the certificate — — id.

»' .....condusive against the parish certifying 287

1 not binding again!! a subsequent settlement id.

- — doth not exclude a settlement in another parish — — id|

— — - discharged by a man's own estate — id.

— ----- --- discharged by a removal — 288

----- ---- discharged by being deserted — id.

Ballard settled where born — — id.

But not if there is collusion — id.

Not, if born under an order of removal — id.

Not, if born in transitu — — id.

Settlement of a vagrant the settlement of the child 289

Child born in the house of correction goes to the mo- -ther's settlement — — id.

— Lying-in-hospital, the same — id.

Ballard not included in a certificate — id.

Ballard shall go with the mother for nurture — id.

Father's settlement is that of lawful children id.

Settlement by birth only till this is found — id.

Child may be bound to fisherman, &c. — id.

At what age a child may gain a settlement — id.

Children born elsewhere removeable to the father's parish — — id.

Child born after its father's death goes to his parish 290 Children gain no settlement in the parish of their mother's second husband Whenrecourse may be had to the mother's settlement — —

Settlement by apprenticeship —

Person bound by indenture gains a settlement in 40 days — —

But not if bound to a certificate person — Apprentice deed not indented, does not invalidate the settlement —

Apprentice may gain a settlement when master gains none —

cannot gain a settlement, till indentures are

— id.

id. id.

id. 291

— id.

:r gains

— id.

cancelled Settlement by service —

A year's hiring and service necessary

0.1 q

id. id. ' id. Serving

INDEX,

Page

Serving a certificate person no settlement — 291

Widower with a daughter married, Serving a year,

gains a settlement — id.

Marrying within the year does not prevent the settlement - — — 292

Fraudulent birings discountenanced — id.

Settlement where the last 40 days service was performed — — id.

Settlement by marriage — — id.

A case in which the wife follows not her husbannd's

settlement — — id.

Settlement by 40 days' continuance — id.

These days reckoned from notice given — . id.

Such notice to be read in church — id.

Such notice to be also registered — id.

Penalty on parish officer not reading this notice 293 No soldier, or seaman, settled by such notice given id. Amending the highway's, &c. gain no legal settlement — — id.

Settlement by paying parish rates — . id.

Paying these gains no settlement under a certificate id. Paying land tax gains a settlement — id.

Even though afterwards allowed by the landlord id.

Settlement by Serving a parish office — 294

It mud be Served for himself, and on his own account id. This will gain a new Settlement, and Set aside a certificate id. He mull have been legally placed in his office id.

Settlement by renting 10I. a year — id.

He need not occupy the whole — id.

He mud rent it, and reside 40 days in the parish id. Settlement by a person's own ellate — id.

No one can be removed from his own ellate 29;

The purchase-money mud amount to 30I. — id.

Removals — — — id.

Persons likely to become chargeable may be removed id. Returning after removal, how punished — 296

P.efudng to receive the pauper indiflable — id.

Penalty by Subsequent statute — id.

Both justices ought to be together at the abjudication id. Justices Ihocld make a record of the order, &c. id.

Poor. with certificate not removeable till actually

chargeable — — 297

Officers to be paid the charges of removing certificate

poor — — id.

Appeals against order of removal to be heard at feifions id. Notice to be given from one parish to the other id.

Defects of form to be rectified at feifions — id.

Cods

INDEX,

Cods tobe paid by the unsuccessful party — Appellant to receive all reasonable cods —

An order quashed for want of form not condusive The order of sections dnal, if there is no error in form Poor rate and other helps for relief —

Sufficient materials for work to be provided

Page

298

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

301

id.

id.

id.

id.

Disputes in what parish lands lie, tobe settled atfcffions 2ptj Notice to be given of poor's rate in the church id.

This to be done the next Sunday after it is allowed id. Any person aggrieved may appeal — id.

After which, the rates shall be amended — id.

All arrearages may be levied by fnbsequent officers 300

Commitment, in defect of didrefs — id.

Neighbouring parishes may be rated to assist id.

Poor, old, blind, &c. to be relieved by relations, if able id. Goods, &c. of any man deserting his family, to be seized —

Every such person, a vagrant Threatening to run away, punishable Relief and ordering of the poor Poor to be set to work, and maintained Poor refusing to work to be sent to the house of correction 302 Persons refusing to work, how punished — id. Two or'more parishes may unite to maintain the poor id. The officers of one parish may contrail with those of an.

other — — id.

The names of all poor that receive alms shall be registered in a book — id.

What to be done previous to the juliices' ordering relief id. Two-thirds of a parish may nominate guardians and governors — —

Two juliices may fix their salaries —

Two parishes may unite, with consent of two juliices Governor or guardian to bcchofcn by two juliices The'Visitor may remove the governor, &c. for milbe.

haviour — —

The visitor how chosen —

What to be done where every one recommended to the juliices refuses to act as visitor —

Juliices to appoint a treasurer —

Treasurer's duty in his office —

Vacancies supplied by juliices —

Time of office expiring — —

Juliices of other limits may aft —

Privy sessions may be appointed for this act Treasurer's account to be produced every month Land not more than 10 acres may be inclosed Who are proper objects of such poor house Q.q q 2

303

id.

3°+

id*

id.

id

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

305

id.

id.

306

id.

Infants

INDEX.

Page

Infants under seven years not to be taken from the parents — — 306

Persons able and willing to work, to be employed id.

Or to be maintained dll they are — id.

Persons running away from work, how punished id.

Suitable cloathing to be provided — 307

Rules and orders to be bnng np in the honfe id.

Justice may hear complaint of poor not relieved. id.

may order relief, orrecepuoninto the house 30S

Badge to be worn, unless difpenled with — id.

Idle husband or father may be committed — id,

Complainant to apply to both guardian and visitor id. Penalties infliSed on guardians how distributed id.

Sick traveller shall be lodged, fed, and doathed, if

needful — — 309

The word guardian explained (Jcc nite) — id.

Penalty for embezzling goods or materials 310

persons enticing poor from their parish, how punishable id. Guardians, &c. selling goods to workhouse, punishable id. Guardians, &c. may dispose of other poor houses id.

Penalties how recovered and applied — 311

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions — id.

Overseeds books to be delivered to successor . id.

Penalty on negligent overseers — 312

Any parish officer neglecting his duty, punishable id.

Evidence of any, not receiving alms, admissible id.

Action again!! an overseer mutt be in the same county id.

POPERY. Person refusing to take the oaths may be committed — id.

Two justices may summon a suspected person id.

Persons abroad shall return in six months after proclamation — — id.

Penal ty for not discovering a jesuit or pried 313

Penalty for uot refortingto church — id.

----- -for not going for a month — id.

Fine, where to be paid — id.

Penalty for retaining a servant, not going to church id.

1 ullices in sessions to enquire concerning rccufants id. I'apiH must take the oaths, or regiller his lands 314.

His name mutt be subscribed to the regiflry at sessions id, J ullices to fsbscribe as tvitnesses — id.

AH deeds and wills already properly enrolled are valid id. No manors, lands, &c. to pal's, unless properly enrolled id. Cautions which justices may use with suspecledpersons id,

POSTAGE. Officer in the pod-office suspefling fraud]

how to act — -rr 31;

INDE 'l X,

485

Pago

If no prohibited goods are found-in the letter, it is to.

be returned -- — — 315

POST-HORSES. Every person letting horses to hire,

to .take out a licence id.

Every person keeping a stage coach to do the same 316

— : ----- ----- to write in legible characters. Licenced- so

let post-herfes — t-t id.

Not to extend to hackney coaches — - id.

Penalties to be sued for in six months — - jd.

Person summoned and refilling evidence, how punished id. Justice may mitigate penalties — id.

POST-OFFICE. All persons concerned therein to

take the oath — — id.

Persons appointed to measure the roads to be ftvorn 317

Poll-boy quitting the mail, how punished — id.

----- -unlawfully conveying letter, how punished. id.

Polt-maltcr embezzling or destroying letters, &c. felony id. Sums not received, how recovered from poll.mailers id. Robbing of mail, felony — — - id.

Pecuniary penalties, how distributed — id.

How recovered,'if under 20I. — . id.

Witnesses summoned and refuling, how punished 31S Summons at the inn where the carriage Hands, deemed

legal — — id.

PRISON BREAKING. Prison breakers not bailable,

and why — — id.

Prison breakers may be arraigned for this, in the first

place — — id.

Gaoler's punishment - — — .id.

Criminal, assaulting the keeper, to break the gaol,

may be killed — — id.

PROCESS. Justices may continue procclfes — 319

Sessions may award process on indictments — id.

Warrant before presentment, process after — id.

Where the king is a party, the process by the IherilF id. Sheriff may break open doors, to take offenders - id. One justice may bail any at sessions, except felons id. Process of capias, &c. mult issue from King's-bench id. By the outlawry, all personals arc vested in the king id, Justices of gaol delivery may award execution of an

outlaw — — id.

PROMISSORY NOTES, &c. The acts relative to these,

are made perpetual » — — 320

PROPHECIES

486

INDEX,

Page

PROPHECIES. Uttering false' prophecies, how on-

nilhable — — id.

PUBLICATION of indecentBOOKS, &c. Punishable

by information or indictment — id,

PUBLIC WORSHIP. Speaking irreverently of the fa-

crament, &c. how punished ^ — |d.

Public worship to be performed in ships — id.

DiRurbing a preacher, how punished — 32*

o.

QUALIFICATION, &c. Indemnification of neglect to qualify — — id.

Not to exempt unqualified justices — id.

Not to rellore to offices already avoided — id.

Persons indemnified, who have* omitted to file affidavits — 322

R.

RAPE. On a female child under to years, felony id. Woman's at last yielding, no mitigation — id.

Her being a (trumpet, does not excuse — id.

Many circumstances to be considered in the evidence id. Caution necessary in trials of offences of this fort 323

RECOGNIZANCE. What it is — id.

On what occasions taken — — id.

Some required by (tatnte, others in congruity4 id.

Party refusing to be bonnd, may be committed id.

All recognizances mult be made to the king — 324

They mull be read to the party, and subscribed by the

justice — — id.

Recognizances to be certified to the sessions — id.

The default to be certified in chancery, &c. — id.

In felony, the recognizances to be certified to the general gaol delivery — — id.

RESTITUTION

INDEX,

Page

RESTITUTION of STOLEN GOODS. In what

case a writ of reilitution maybe awarded- 324

RIOT, ROUT, &c. How distingnished Justices' power in the case of rioters Riot aft, how often to be read

J ufttces how to act in riots' —

To demolish a church or chapel, felony Power of the county-may be raised by two or three

justices — — id.

The people indiftable for not affiiling — id.

Justices to record the offence — id.

Justices to enquire of the riot within a month id.

Sheriff to repay the coils — — id.

Justices fincable for neglect — id.

Rioters, by what authority to he taken — id.

RIVERS and NAVIGATION. Destroying lock, iluice,

&c. how punished — — 327

Drawing up a floodgate how punished — id.

Calling ballast out of a ship in harbour, fineable id.

Justices how to act when avessel is funk in harbour id. Stealing goods out of a vessel in a river — 32S

ROBBERY. How defined — — id.

To kill a person attempting to rob, not murder id. The hundred not liable for robbery on the Lord's-day id. If the robbers may be discerned, the hundred shall

answer — — id.

Not more than 200I. recoverable of the hundred id. What steps to be taken in suing the hundred — id.

How the money is to be levied in the hundred 329 Constables to pay it to the ihcriff, and he to the

plaintiff — — id.

High constable to be reimbursed his expences id.

Reward for apprehending a felon — id.

Such person to have the goods of the robber id.

Executors to receive the reward, if one be killed 330

Discovery of two or more by one out of prison id.

Robbery in the navy punishable by court-martial id.

SEAMEN

I; N D E X,

s.

SEAMEN. Travelling with a teflimonial, no vagrants 330 To personate a Teaman, or forge his will, felony id. Mailer of a merchant ship to agree for wages id.

Mariner deferring forfeits his wages — 331

How farther pnniihable — — id.

Absenting himself without leave, how pnniihable id. Time limited for paying wages — id.

SEARCH WARRANT. Just ice cannot legally grant

a blank warrant — — id.

Mach Ids a general warrant — id.

Search warrant cannot be granted but on oath id.

In what cases it may be executed in the night-time id. To whom such warrant is to be directed — id.

Officer justifiable in entering a suspected house id.

Stolen goods, if found, to be deposited in the officer's

band — — id.

Receiver how to be dealt with — 332

SER.VANTS, Who are compellable to serve id.

Two jaftices may appoint females to service id.

If no time be expressed, a servant shall be retained for

one year — — id.

Jf a servant be lick, his wages shall not be abated id. Justices at Eailer shall rate wages — id.

justices being clothiers shall not rate wages for making

cloth — — 333

Justice not being present at rating wages, fineable id.

Clothier, &c. rcfaiing to pay the rated, wages, how

punishable — — id.

Labourers working in harvell — id.

No person carrying a certificate, a vagrant — id.

Servant escaping may be taken in another county id. Servant aflauhing his mailer, how punishable . id. Servant dealing or embezzling goods, how punished 334

(SILK Tr'INDERS) Purloining, &c. how punished id. (ourneyman weavers' wages, how settled — id.

Neither more nor less to be given or taken — id.

What to be done to offenders of this fort — - 335

Master weavers fraudulently evading the act — id.

No £!k weaver to have more than two apprentices id.

(CLOTHIERS)

INDEX.

Page

([CLOTHIERS) To pay wages in money, not goods 355

Weavers purloining. Sec. how punished — id.

Penalties how disposed of — — 336

Two julliccs to determine offences — id.

They shall levy reasonable cods by distress — id.

Constable or parity officer may by warrant search. Sec. id. Farther penalties for paying by way of truck — id.

Weaver, &c. not returning tools, Sec. how punished 337 Persons buying such tools, &c. how punished . id.

Justice may grant time to exculpate, if requested id.

Goods purloined and received may be fought for id.

Conviction on parchment and filed at next sessions 338

Commitment for second offence id.

Various other Manufacturers —

Purloining materials, how punished All payments to be made in money Farther punishment for second offence

id.

id.

339

[LEMHERN) Manufacturers how punished for embezzling — — id.

Receiver of such goods punished alike — 34.0

Payments only in money, except by consent id.

Fraudulent labourer to pay double damage — id.

Frauds, &c. determined by two justices — id.

Negligent servant how punished — id.

Various other Manufacturers — — id.

Purloining materials, how punished ~ id.

Penalty on receiving such goods, &c. — 34.1

If the goods be worked up, two justices may on proof

convifl — — id.

Embezzling drugs. Sec. for dying, punished alike id.

Spoiling of work, forfeiture of double value — id.

Neglecting work begun, how punished — 342

Carrier punished for fraud in delivery — id.

Owner of materials may view the state of them id.

Work to be returned in eight days — id.

Any house may be searched by warrant for embezzled

goods — — id.

Time may be allowed to exculpate themselves 343

Materials seized, how disposed of — id.

[JOURNEYMEN DYERS) How punishable, and for

what — — id.

Contracts in clubs, illegal, and how punished 344

Penalty for not paying wages in money — id.

R r r One

49°

INDEX

One jnllice may grant a warrant to apprehend The offence to be determined before two — Who shall be deemed a' competent witness -Form of conviction on parchment -

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions -

Reeling false yarn, how punished -

Form of conviction, on parchment -

Persons appealing bound to pay cods -

Penalties for false reeling to be levied by didrefs

Page

3+4-

id.

id.

id.

ft

id.

id.

id.

(LACE MANUFACTURERS) To be paid in money

only — — 34 6

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sections — id.

(CLOCK MAKERS, &c.) Forfeitures for embezzlement — — id.

Receivers of watches, &c. so purloined, punished

alike — _ — 347

One justice may apprehend and convict — id.

Form of conviction — — id.

(HUSBANDMEN, &c.) One judice may settle differences — — id.

Limitation of the sum in dispute — id.

Offender may be committed for a month — 348

Mailer may be summoned, and servant discharged id.

Stannaries in Cornwall, &c. excepted — id.

Callico printers not fulfilling contract, how punished id.. Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions — id.

(TAFLORS) Hours and wages for work, limited in and near London — — 349

Mader shall not give, nor workman take more id.

Persons giving or receiving more, how punished id.

Wages how regulated in London and its neighbourhood — — . id.

Times of general mourning excepted — 350

Mader removing workmen to elude the act — id.

Persons convicted by two justices may appeal — id.

(SHOEMAKERS) Purloining shoes, of buying such

shoes, how punished — id.

Two justices may search for such goods _______ id.

5hoemaker hired to one, and going to another, how

punished — 'id.

Duty on servants — -ji

Who are to put this act in execution — . id.

Before

r N D E X.

491

Before whom offences are to be tried Penalties and forfeitures may be mitigated

Page

DUTIES on MALE and FEMALE SERVANTS id. Double duties for bachelors. — id.

Not to extend to servants in husbandry — id.

Special cases of gardeners. &c. — 352

Not excused by pretence of apprentice — id.

Certain exemptions from this duty — id.

Exceptions in the case of two children or grand children — —

Female servants under 14, and above 60, exempted Duties by whom collected, and where paid —

No commilEoner to act, till he has taken the oath The assessment to be made from jth of April Duties to be paid quarterly —

Surveyors may act as assessors —

Assessors'.oath or affirmation —

AlfelTors' duty — —

Persons assessed in two parishes, how to act —

Persons to declare in what parish they mean to pay Alfessors may surcharge omissions Commissioners having received assessments, appoint ' collectors — —

Surveyors may inspect and amend lifts —

Penalty on persons refusing to deliver lifts, &c.

Surcharge to be double the duty —

Housholders to deliver lilts of lodgers —

Persons over-rated may appeal to of Commissioners' duty, in case of appeal —

Appellant to give ten days' notice. —

Penalty on surveyor's making a vexatious surcharge Appeals once heard are final, except to the court of King's Bench — —

Monies arising from this act where payable —

Penalty under 20I. recoverable before two justices Constables to assist in the execution of this act All actions to be brought within one year —

Persons having two children or grand children, and only one servant, exempted from the tax on female servants — — id.

id.

id.

f

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

356

id.

id.

id.

id.

YdI

id.

id.

35®

SESSIONS. May be held before two or more justices General quarter sessions, general sessions, special ditto When to be holden — —

Oftener in Middlesex — —

Adjournments refer to the first commencement R r r 2

id.

3S9

id-

id.

id.

Any

492

INDEX

Page

Any two juiliccs (i QJ may summon a (cffion 359

----- ----- ----- -may command the sheriff to return a

grand jury — — id.

Justices compellable to appear at sessions — id.

No justice to join in an order of sessions where he is

concerned — — id.

What persons ought to be present at sessions — id.

Persons attending sessions protected from common

arrest — — 360

Solicitor, Sec. at sessions mud be inrolled — id.

Sessions may do whatever is required of two justices id. The sessions continuing is all as one day — id.

Justices may alter their judgments, while it lasts id.

Sessions cannot amerce justices for non-attendance id. Sessions' power in cases of outlawry — id.

----- --may indict for contempt of orders — id.

Juiliccs not punishable, but for abuse of power id.

flow the sessions 2re opened — 361

Hours for taking the oaths — id.

What acts are to be read at sessions — id.

Recognizances to be called — id.

Defects in form to be first refiilied, on appeals id.

Then to proceed on the merits — id.

What is done in cases of trespass and assault — id.

Where the prosecutor and defendant agree, what is

done — — id.

SEWERS. Justices may aft, when the commission of

fetvers is expired — . — id.

SHEEP. Killing in the night, felony — 36a

Maiming or wounding, treble damages — id.

Driving away to kill, felony — id.

Reward for apprehending fhcep-flealers — id.

SHERIFF. Hath two courts, the king's and his own id.

Need not execute justice's warrant in person . — id.

Round, on summons, to attend the sessions — id,

Punishable by justices in sessions — id.

Cannot act as justice, while sheriff -r- id.

May be indicted, fee. for escape of prisoners — 363

SHIRE-HALL. To be presented at the assizes, if out

of repair — — id.

To he repaired by money from the county rate id.

Limited sum may be expended on it without present-

ing — — id.

Persons or places bsund to repair it, shall continue

liable — — id

Ventilators

INDEX,

493

. Page

Ventilators if necessary to be paid for by county-rate 363

id. ;id.

SHOP-TAX. What duties to be paid for (hops.

Duties to be paid quarterly by occupiers . — 1

Houses with (hops to be assessed, according to house duty — —

Warehouses, separate, not chargeable —

AITeffor to have 3d.on each house,

Who shall put this act in execution —

Time appointed for of meeting —

Commissioner not to act till he has taken the oath

----- ---- to give notice, who are appointed assessors

Surveyor of house duties may assess (hops —

AITeffor to take the oath — , . —

Assessors shall certify the places not charged with house

duty — — id.

Commissioners shall tellify their allowance of assessments — — .

In extraparochial places what to be done —

Commissioners may summon suspected persons —

Surveyors may examine assessments — .

— — — may take extrafls from parish rates — Settlements not to be assessed by paying this tax.

Persons.overcharged may appeal —

Commissioners may abate the assessment as they think proper — —

Appeals once heard are final —

Penalties not exceeding zol. recoverable before two j ullices — —

Persons aggrieved may appeal —

Penalties on witnesses neglecting to attend —

Actions to be brought within one year —

id.

364.

id.

id.

id.

id.

36;

tid.

id.

id.

366 .id. id. dd. id. id.

id.

id.

367 id. id. id.

SILKS. Silk thrower mull have served seven years id. Foreign silks imported only to London — id.

Forfeited, if imported elsewhere — 368

Penalty on offering them to falc — id.

Persons, how authorized to seize such silks — id.

Penalties how applied — — id.

Ribbands imported, may.be seized — ' 369

Who may aft in these cases — id.

Goods where to be deposited — id.

How to be disposed of, and the produce applied id.

Discovery of the feller acquits the receiver — id.

Silk (lockings, &c. imported, arc forfeited — id.

J ullices may proceed as in the case of laces. &c. id.

SLANDER. Words tending to a breach of peace id.

These only cognizable by j ullices — id.

Challenging

494

INDEX,

Challenging may be bonnd over, or indicted Juilicesdo not interfere in private Hander

Page

369

id.

SLAUGHTERING HORSES.

Persons keeping slaughtering houses to take out alicence 370 Copy of the licence with the clerk of the peace id.

Any person may examine it — id.

Inscription on such houses — id.

Notice to be given, previous to flaying cattle id.

Entry to be made of cattle brought — id.

Inspectors to be appointed by parishioners — -371

----- ---- book may be searched at certain hours id.

Inspefior's house to have his name — id.

Form of conviction — — id.

Inspector may go at all hours — 372

----- ---- may detain suspected persons — id.

Penalty on slaughtering or flaying without licence, &c. id. Penalty on destroying the hides — 373

Persons making any false entry — id.

Form of conviction — — id.

Inspector's books to be produced at quarter sessions id.

No person to lend any house to kill horses, &c. 374

Farm of conviction for this ofFence — id.

Not to extend to curriers, t3nners, &c. — id.

Penalty for killing a found or useful horse, &c. id.

Any jaftice may summon parties — > 375

Inhabitants may be deemed competent witnesses id.

Penalty on persons prosecuting without effect id.

SMUGGLING.

Vessel with small quantities of spirits forfeited id.

To fire at a king's ship, &c. near the coalt — felony id.

Justice hotv to ail, when offenders against this act are

brought before him . — 376

Person harbouring smugglers how punishable Judge or justice may apprehend smugglers —

Persons obstructing oScers of the navy how punished AVhat bail required in certain cases —

Two justices to determine seizures —

SOLDIER cnlifted to be taken to a justice — Time limited for declaring his difl'cnt —

Second and sixth factions of articles of war to be read to him — . —

The soldier's oath — —

Soldier not appearing deemed cnlifted —

Matter roll to be signed by mayor, Sec.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

377 id.

378

379 id. id.

Mutter

495

1 N D E X.

Muller how made in Westminster and Southwark 379 Muller mailer's oath — — id.

Penalty for false muttering — id.

Justices'power to provide carriages for arms, &c. 380

Rate of payment for such carriages — id.

Penalty on officers' not discharging carriages id.

Weight to be limited — — 381

Constable's neglect herein how punished — . id.

Constable to be reimbursed by county-treasurer id.

If public llock be not sufficient, what is done id.

No toll for horses or carriages on their march id.

Where soldiers, &c. may be billetted — id.

No justice having military command, to billet 382

Constable's partiality or neglect, how punished id.

Officer taking money to excuse billeting, cashiered id. No wives or children quartered without consent of the

owner — — id.

Constable to give an account of the billeting id.

What done in Westminster respecting quarters id.

Soldier, Sec. accused, to be delivered to the magistrate 383

— . ----- convicted of swearing, to be set in the Hocks id.

Deserter how to be dealt with — id.

No house to be broken open for him without warrant id. Reward for apprehending to be paid out of the land-tax id. Harbouring a deserter, how punished — id.

j ustices have no power to prolong a furlough 384.

Soldiers setting up trades not to be molelled id.

Not to be removed till actually chargeable — id.

They may be summoned and {worn to their settlement id. Observations on quartering dragoons — 385

Quantity of hay and straw — — id.

Soldiers may be summoned by two justices — id.

This act to extend to officers, &c. in the militia id.

Vintners not to set up in universities — . id.

STAMPS. Selling almanacks undamped, how punished id. Bills of exchange, notes, drafts, See. to be stamped 386 What drafts and receipts arc exempted — id.

Fraudulent evasions of this act, how punished — id. Justices may mitigate the penalties — id.

Penalty on witnesses not appearing, See. . — id.

Justices may mitigate penalties, to a certain degree id. Penalties half to the king, and half to the prosecutor id. Ten pounds to be paid for (lamping a receipt already

written — — id.

What (lamps for legacy receipts — — id.

Stamps on marriages, burials and chriltcnings 387

Forfeitures

INDEX

Page

Forfeitures to be levied by onejustice — 387

He may, under certain limitations, mitigate them id.

Half to the king, and half to the informer 388

Undamped callicoes and muslins may be seized as forfeited — — id.

STARCH and SOAP.

Starch-makers to give notice — id.

Penalty on making it in unentered houses — id.

Offender may be arrested by officer of excise, &c. 389

Starch-house door to be inscribed — id.

Siarch on every package — — id.

Soap officers may by day or night enter soap-houses id. Penalty on fraudulent soap-makers > — id.

Soap-makers to assist the officer in weighing id.

Notice to be given to the officer — id.

Hard soap to be sold in cakes or bars — 390

Penalties half to the king, half to the informer id.

STOLEN GOODS. One justice may grant a warrant

to search for them — — - id.

Person on whom found, how punishable — id.

Constables and watchmen on duty may seize suspected

persons — — id.

How to be dealt with, when apprehended — id.

Persons to whom they are offered to be pawned or fold,

how to act — — 391

Young persons discovering two or more receivers of

' ttolen goods to be pardoned — id.

SUMMONS. Notice to be given in all legal proceedings — — id.

Party accused to be summoned — id.

In cases of felony, &c, a warrant — id.

SURETY for the PEACE. What it is, by whom taken, and for what —

Who are required to give security —

justices to grant it again!! any, on just cause How to proceed against a peer —

Person to be bound may be committed, if he has no sureties — —

Warrant may be special, or before some other Sureties being found, a supersedeas may be had Doors may be broken, where admittance is denied

IU.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

It

497

INDEX.

Page

It is at the officer's election, before whom to take the

prisoner ' — — 393

Officer neglecting his duty, indiftable — id.

The party must offer sureties — id.

Recognizance for keeping the peace is right and proper id. When forfeited, what is to be done — id.

He who is bound to the peace must appear — id.

He must also record his appearance — id.

: SURETY for the GOOD BEHAVIOUR.

Of great affinity with that of the peace t , — 394

Not usually granted by one justice — id.

For what causes a man may be bound to his good behaviour — — id.

Of what persons such security shall be taken id.

SWEARING. The several penalties according to rank 395 Penalties how applied — — id.

Justices may convict on hearing — _ id.

Constable, if he is unknown, shall carry him to a justice id. Constable, if he is ,known, shall inform against him id. Conviction within eight days — id.

Justice immediately to levy the penalty or commit id.

Offender to pay coils, or be committed — id.

Soldier or fcaman to be set in the flocks — id;

Form of conviction — — 396

To be written on parchment, and returned to sessions id. Penalty on justice omitting his duty — id.

Penalty on constable's neglect — id:

Act to be read in the church — id;

T.

TICKETS. Penalties incurred by former acts to be sued

for in iix months — — id.

Defendant to give bail not exceeding 500I. — 397

Dealers in tickets without a licence, vagrants id.

A whole ticket may be insured by a written agreement id. Penalty on persons making insurances without a licence id. Persons punished by action, not punishable as vagrants id. Penalties payable to the stamp-office 398

TITHES. Great, small, and offerings, how described id. How to proceed for the recovery of them — id.

S s s Justices'

INDEX.

Page

Justices' duty therein — 398

Colls and charges allowed, not more than 10s. id.

Constables or churchwardens may distrain — 599

Time limited for detaining the distress — id.

Persons aggrieved by the justices may appeal id.

Cafe of quaker's refusal — id.

Two justices may direct the payment — id.

One justice may grant a warrant of distress — id.

In case cf appeal, no distress, till the determination id. No thne limited for detaining quaker's distress id.

TOBACCO. Search to be made, what planted, arid , by whom — — .id.

Two justices may grant atvarrant to destroy it 400

Adulterating tobacco or snuff, how punished id.

Not to be removed till duty is paid — id.

Seizure, determined by two justices — id.

TOOLS, Src. retained to be exported.--- Seep. 100

TORN. King's court holden before the sheriff id

Who arc privileged from appearing at it — id.

TRANSFERRING TAXES.

Certain duties transferred from excise and fiamp offices to the tax officers — 401

Licences to be still granted to horse-dealers. Sec. by the llamp officers — id.

No licence in future for waggons, &c. — id.

Duties on carriages, horses, waggons. Sic. by whom

assessed — — id.

Commissioner's oath — 402

Duties when payable — — id.

Surveyors in certain cases may act as assessors 403

Atfeffors cath — — id.

Commissioners to give notice who are appointed affef-

fors — — id.

Assessers duty — id.

What the lifts delivered shall contain — 404

Commissioners may alter a double assessment id.

Persons to give notice of entries in another parish id. A defiers may surcharge faulty lifts — id.

AfleiTors to deliver in their assessments within three

months — — 403

Surveyors may inspect and amend lifts before they are

ugned — — id.

Penalty

499

IN D E X.

Penalty on refilling to deliver a list Every surcharge to be double ' —

Housholders to deliver lifts of lodgers keeping horses,

&c. — — ,

Persons overcharged may appeal —

Appellan t shall deliver in a list of carriages kept in the last year, proceeding April 5

Persons' intending to appeal to give the fnrveyor ten days notice —

Commissioners may remit the penalty due to theassessor Vexatious surcharges, how punished —

Commissioners determination may be referred Penalty above 20I. hoiv recovered —

----- --if under 20I. before two justices — -

Farmers horses in what cases exempted —

Penalties how applied — —

Actions to be brought within one year —

Page

405 id.

406 id.

— id.

id.

id.

id.

407 id. id. id.

408 id.

TRANSPORTATION. Penitentiary hoqfes ordered to

be erected — — id.

TREASON, Is against the peace of the king and realm id. Cognizable by justices — id.

Justices having committed the offender, what to do id. High treason how ascertained — id.

TREASURER of the county by whom appointed 409

Mull give suficient security — id.

TURNIPS, &c. Stealing, pulling up, or destroying id. Penalty how divided — — id.

If convicted by the owner, all to the poor — id.

Form of conviction — . — id.

V.

VAGRANTS. Divided into three classes — 410

Idle and disorderly persons, who — id.

How punished by any justice — id.

Rogues and vagabonds how described — id.

Incorrigible rogues described — 411

Person rewarded for apprehending such — 412 .

High constable punishable for not paying the reward id.

S s s 2 Constable

500

INDEX.

Conlkble neglecting to take up vagrants General privy search to be made four times a year Rogues and vagabonds so taken to be examined Not giving a good account, to be committed Their perloos and goods to be adyertifed Vagrants to be examined, and signed by themselves id. shall be publickly whipt, orfent to the house of correction — — id.

Justices in felEons may transport such vagrants 414

Justices in lefSons may apprentice vagrants' children id. Vagrants, whole place cannot be found, to be detained id. After whipping or confinement, a pass may be granted id. What to be done with children — id.

Certificate, how to be conveyed — id.

Conibble to deliver them to the constable in the next

county — — id.

Lad constable to deliver the pass and examination 41; Conibble to take the churchwardens' receipt id.

Joltices in sessions to limit the rates of conveying id. High constable to repay the petty constable — id.

Treasurer to pay, if the high constable cannot id.

Penalty for counterfeiting such certificate — id.

Constable's neglect in conveying, how punished id.

Parish receiving vagrants to employ them — id.

If the examination appear false, what to be done 416 Cannot be removed back but by two justices id.

Lunatic vagrants how secured — id.

Penalty on knowingly lodging a vagabond id.

Vagrant woman delivered, to be detained — id.

Churchwardens to be repaid by the treasurer id.

This to be ordered by jcdiccs at sessions — id.

Woman to be sent to the house of correction id.

Child, ifaballard, shall follow the woman's settlement id. Justice to make record of the whole proceedings 417

Conlhble defective in his dnty, howpunished id.

Expences of conveying vagrants, how raised id.

persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions — id.

JuSices may commit vagrants, &c. to common gaol or

house cf correction as they shall think proper id.

?age

4<e

id.

4'3

id.

id.

w.

WARRANT. Justice on view may apprehend a felon id.

Otherwise must issue his warrant in writing — - id.

In

index; 5°i

In what cases it may be lawfully granted — - 417

In what cases a' summOns is preferable — 418

Convenient, bnt not always necessary, to require an oath id. Safe to bind over the plaintiff to give evidence id.

. Personsfufpefted of felony may be apprehended id.

Caution neverthelesstojusticesin this matter — id.

Safe to shew the place where the warrant is made id.

To whom a warrant should be directed — id.

If the act is silent, to the constable — 419

If for the peace, &c. the cause should be specified id.

If for felony, &c. to answer, Sic. on the king's behalf, id. Before whom to be brought (fie alfi 30 % ) — id.

It mull be under hand and seal — id.

Warrant to be indorsed, if the prisoner escapes id.

Formofindorsement (in anothercounty) — 420

WATCH and WARD. . How distinguished — id.

Watchman what to do with suspected persons id.

Watchman's executors (if he be killed) rewarded id.

WEIGHTS and MEASURES. Standard to be kept in

market towns — — id.

To be examined twice a year, or oftener — id.

Selling by any other, how punishable — 421

WINDOWS. Additional duties on houses and windows id. No person to pay for morehouses than two — 422

Penalty for not paying for two — id.

Assessments when to.be made — id.

Duties to be charged on occupier, notlandlord 423

— ----- where to be paid — id.

Where houses are let in different tenements, the landlord shall be deemed the occupier — id.

Chambers in the Inns of Court charged as houses id. What houses exempt — id.

Settlement not gained by payment of these rates id. Qualification of of in London, Westminster,

&c. — — id.

Persons intending to appeal, to give to days' notice id.

WITNESSES. Competent to prove an offence, tho'

parishioners — — 424

WOMEN abused, under 10 years old, felony id.

Marriageof a woman under 21 null and void — id.

Unless by consent of parents and guardians — id.

Different sentence of a woman in high treason _ id.

Burning,

502

INDEX

Page

Burning, in high and petty treason' — 424

In felony, the judgment is the same — id.

WOOD. Breaking hedges, robbing orchards, &c. id. How punishable, the first time — id.

Any person carrying wood may be apprehended 42;

Constable by warrant may enter houses — . id.

Penalties, or imprisonment — id.

Punishments for first, second, and third offence id.

Prosecution within six weeks — id.

Buying stolen wood, howpunilbable — id.

Throwing down hedges and inclosnres ' — id. Imprisonment and whipping — 426 [

Throwing down or spoiling trees on the waste — id.

Lopping, or defacing timber trees, howpunished id. Plucking up shrubs or plants, &c. — 427

Cutting down hollies, thorns, &c. in woods — id.

To hinder seizing such offenders, how punishable id.

Form of conviction — - — id.

Throwing down indofures in the night — 42^

Lopping, burning, trees and shrubs in gardens id.

Setting any wood on fire, felony — . id.

See alfa Slack A8, page 20

Parishioners may pay for inclosing out of poor's rate id.

Profit of underwood for the relief of the poor — id. Such agreement for inclosure to be enrolled — id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal in six months — id.

Saws, axes, hatchets, &c. may be seized by king's fur-

veyor — — id'

Penalty for carrying wood out of the realm — 429

Forfeitures how to be disposed of — id.

WOOL COMBING in SUFFOLK.

This act much the same as 17 G. 3 e. 11 — id.

Inspectors to be appointed with salaries — id.

Inspectors' duty — id.

Fraud in spinning, winding, &c. how punished id.

Penalty on agent refusing to discover frauds — 430

Justices in sessions for Suffolk may appoint inspectors id. Form of conviction — id,

WOOLLEN MANUFACTURE. The hundred to an-

fwer damages incurred in seizing wool — id,

Reward for executor of person killed — 431

Farther reward from of of customs, &c. id.

Penalty for deceitfully working of woollen cloth id.

Every fuller punishable for impairing doth — id.

Two

503

INDEX.

Page

Two justices may yearly appoint overseers of cloth 431 Penalty on refuting to be an overseer — id.

Penalty on denying search — id.

Dyers to appoint searchers — 432

Justices also may appoint searchers id.

Searcher's oath to be previously taken — id.

Penalties and forfeitures how recovered — id.

Prosecution within 40 days — 433

Cutting or Healing cloth from the rack in the night,

felony — — id.

Complaint of cloth stolen to be made in 10 days id.

Fulling miller to take an oath to measure truly 434

Buyer not satisfied, may measure again — id. Forfeiture for deficiency in length or breadth — id. The tenter to be measured and marked — id. Inspeilors choseri, their oath — — id.

Justices to allow a salary to inspectors — id.

Salaries for searchers in Yorkshire — 433

Penalty fot overstretching cloth — — id.

Justice, if a dealer in cloth, not to determine — id.

The forfeitures how to be applied — id.

Mcafurersappointed by justices in Yorkshire — id.

Such officers how disqualified — — id.

Disputes determined beforeonejustice — id.

Searcher falsely stamping to be punished — 436

Penalty on supervisor for short measure — id.

Information to be made in ten days — id.

Rcfufalprneglect for ten days, how punished — id. Inspectors to return an account of convictions to sessions id. An affidavit of burial in woollen within eight days 437

Affidavit to be granted, gratis — — id.

Before whom it may be made — — id.

Minister, how to act, where none is made — id.

Churchwardens to complain to magistrate — id.

Warrant to levy the forfeiture — — id.

No overseer's account to be allowed, till the burials are

accounted for — — id.

WRECK. Justices and others to get proper assistance 438

Any justice may assemble the power of the county id.

Ships at anchor near, compellable to assist — id. Penaltyfor officers refusing.to assist — id.

Whom the persons assembled are to obey — id. Allowance to sheriff, justices, &c. attending — id.

Persons unauthorized going on board, how punished id. Reasonable salvage to be paid — — id.

Penalty, for assaulting persons aiding herein — jd.

Stealing

INDEX.

Stealing or. deffroying shipwrecked goods, felony . 439

Stealing from on shore without violence, petty larceny id. Forwarding the loss of a ship in distress, felony id.

Goods Helen from a wreck, fought for as other Itolen ' goods — . ' — id.

Such goods offered to sale may be seized — id. The feller to pay treble value, or be committed id.

Persons belonging to the vessel to be examined id.

Jniliceto delivera copy to the officer of culloms id.

Examination to be sent to the secretary of Admiralty id. Threejustices may give an officer of the customs pof-

fession — — id.

Goods not claimed in a year to be sold — 440

Perishable goods to be sold immediately — id. Money to be paid into the Exchequer — id.

Not to prejudice the right of lords of manors, &c. id.

APPENDIX.

A P P

END

5<>5

I X,

CONTAINING THE

ACTS OF 28 GEORGE IJI.

Auctions.

COMPLAINTS of Tales by auflion being rendered void,

shall be made in a year, if they be rendered void in that ' 3" 37' period, or else in three months after the discovery.

Allowances of duty are to be made to purchasers of their own effefls by auctions, if prior notice of their having authorised a bidder be given to the auctioneer, and the delivery of such notice be verified upon the oath, of the auctioneer, as also the fairness of the transaction to the belt of his knowledge.

British Wines by retail.

FROM July j, 1788, no persons shall fell British wines for consumption in their own houses, unless such person shall also have obtained a licence for felling beer and ale.

N. B. The penalties for this offence are not here declared and specified.

Chimney Sweepers.

BY this act, from and after the fifth day of July, 1788, aSG. 3. C.48.

churchwardens and overseers of the poor, with content of two justices, may bind or put out any boy, who is of the age of eight years, or upwards, and who is chargeable, or whose parents are chargeable to the parish, or who shall beg for , alms; or with the content of the parent or parents of such boy, to be apprentice to any person exercising the trade of a chimney sweeper, until such boy shall attain to the age of 16 T t t years;

Chimney Sweepers. |

years; and such binding shall be as effectual in the law, as if such boy was of full age, and by indenture had bound him-fcif an apprentice.

The age of the apprentice shall be inserted in the indenture, being taken truly from the copy of the entry in the parish fegifter, where the same may be had, attelled by the minister of such parish, without fee or reward, upon paper or parchment, withouc any (lamp or mark ; and where no such copy of such boy being baptized can be had, such julliccs of the peace shall, as fully as they can, inform theuiselves of his age, and from such information shall insert the lame in the said indenture ; and the age of such boy or boys, lo inserted in the said indenture, shall be taken to be his true age.

The indenture shall be made and written out according to the form in the fc'nedule hereunto annexed, and the same shall not be charged with or liable to the payment of any higher stamp duty, than is now charged upon indentures fur binding out poor children by their respective parishes.

All indentures hereafter to be made for taking any boy as an apprentice or servant employed as a climbing boy or chimney sweeper, who shall be under the age of eight years, shall be absolutely void; and every person who shall from henceforth take or keep any such boy as an apprentice or servant employed as a climbing boy or chimney sweeper, who shall be under the age of eight years, and being convicted thereof, shall forfeit for every such apprentice or servant, any sum not exceeding id. nor less than jl.

The overseers of the poor of every township or village shall and may from time to time, within such township, perform and execute all the acts hereby directed to be done or executed ' by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of a parish or place.

One or more justice or justices may hear and determine complaints between mailers and apprentices, and may make such orders therein respectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by law to doin other cases between mailers and apprentices.

No person exercising the trade of a chimney sweeper, shall retain or employ any more than fix apprentices at one and the same time; and the name of every person so taking an apprentice, and also the place of his or her abode, shall be marked or put upon a brass plate, to be set or affixed in the front of a leathern cap, which every mailer or mittrefs shall provide for each such apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his doty ; and every mailer or mistress shall forfeit for every apprentice so retained or employed by him or her beyond the number limited by this act, or for neglecting to provide every such apprentice with such leathern cap.

Chimney'Sweepers.' 507

And brass plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her name, and place of abode as aforesaid, anyfumnot exceeding lot. nor lei's than $1. ..

If any l'uch mailer or millrefs shall misuse or evil', treat his' 2s C. 3. r. 4S. or her apprentice, or if the said apprentice shall have any just cause to complain of the breach of any of the .covenants,in such indenture, such mailer or millrefs, being convicted thereof, shall forfeit for every such offence, not exceeding, tol.; nor

lei's than 5I. ....

No chimney sweeper shall let out to hire, or lend, by the day or otherwise, to.any other person for the purpose of fiveeping chimneys, any apprentice; nor shall cause such. boy or boys to call the streets before-seven of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-Day, nor before live of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon,- between Lady-Day and Michaelmas, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence, .any sum not exceeding 10I'. nor less than $1.

All convictions for penalties, imposed by this act, Ihallbc made before one or more justice or justices of the peace afling for the county, city, town, or division, where such offence : was committed, either by.confession of the offender, or upon : the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, such justice or justices, upon complaint made to him or them thereof, may fuminon the person or persons so offending before him or them, to answer to such complaint, in such manner as he or they is and are authorized.to do, in any other matter cognizable before a ma'gistrate.

All penalties and forfeitures for any offence, neglect, or default against this act,.shall be levied by diffrels and falc of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of one or more such justice or justices of the peace, where such offence, neglect, or default shall happen ; rendering the overplus, .if any, to the party, after deducting the charges of making the same; and the penalties and forfeitures, colls and charges, shall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the overseers of the poor of the parish,

&c. where the mailer or millrefs of such apprentice shall dwell; and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said colls or charges shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and feats, tnay commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalties, colls or charges, shall be sooner paid.

No warrant of distress shall be ifl'ucd until six days after the conviction; nor shall any distress be deemed unlawful for tvapt of form, in any proceeding's relating thereto.

T I t 2

No

50 8

4$ G. 3. c.*

Chimney-Sweepers. '

5. No plaintiff shall recover for any irregularity, if tender of fu&cient amends shall have been made.

Thejuiiiceor justices of the -peace where the offence shall be committed, is and are hereby impowered to administer the oaths by this act required to be taken.

Any person aggrieved by any thing done by any justice or justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter-lessions of the peace to be holden for the county. See. wherein the cause of such complaint shall.arise, having first .entered into a recognizance, with sufficient surety, before such justices, to prosecute and abide by the order that shall be made on such appeal, and also giving to the said justice notice in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, within six days after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen.

The Schedule to ‘which the A3 refers.

This indenture made the day of

in the year of the reign of our sovereign Lord

George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the year of our Lord

between A. B. and C. D. churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the county of

[or E. F. the father or next friend of the boy to be placed out, as the case may be] of the one part: and of the parish of

in the county of chimney sweeper, of the

other part: Witnesseth, that the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said E. F. as the case may he] by, and with the consent and approbation of G. H. and I. K. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace 2fling in and for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division [as the case may be] signified as hereunder written, have

put, bound, and by these presents do put and bind

a poor boy of the said parish, township, or place, being of the age of years [as the case may be] to be apprentice to the said

he being his first, fecood, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth apprentice [as the case may he] to learn the trade, business, art and mystery of a chimney sweeper, and with him [or her] to dwell, remain, and serve from the day of the date of these presents, for and during the term of years, from hence next ensuing, folly to be compleat and ended, during all which time he the said apprentice,

his said mailer [or mistress] faithfully shall serve and obey, his [or her] secrets keep, and his [or her] lawful commands

every

Chinjney,^Sweepers.'

every where gladly.do.and-.perforro; .he shall nothaunt ale‘-houses or gaming-houses, nonabfent himself from the service of his said mailer [or millrefs] day. or night, without his! [or her] leave, butin all things, as a faithful.apprentice shall be-have himself towards his laid mailer [or millrefs] and all his [or her's] during the said term: And the said.

in consideration of the good will which he [or (he] hath and beareth towards the said apprentice, and of the faithful service so to .be performed by him, doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said E. F. as the case may be] that he [or Ihe] the said his [or her]

said apprentice, in the art or myllery of a chimney sweeper, which he [or Ihe] now useth, shall and will teach and instiuft, or cause to be taught and indru&ed, in the belt manner that he [or flic] can, and shall and will provide and allow unto the said apprentice, during all the said term, competent and sufficient meat, drink, washing, lodging, apparel, and all other things necessary for the said apprentice: and that the said executors, administrators, or

assigns, shall not nor will assign over this present indenture, or the apprentice to be bound thereby, without the consent and approbation, in writing, of two or more such justices of the peace, to be signified according to the form of the approbation hereunder written. And whereas, from the nature of the business or-employment of a chimney sweeper, it is necessary for the hoys, employed in climbing, to have a dress particularly suited to that purpose, which dress is only £t for that part of the occupation ; the said

doth hereby also covenant, promise, and agree to and with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor, [or the said E. F. as the case may be] to find and allow such suitable dress for the said apprentice, as often as need or occasion shall be and require, and provide for and deliver to the said apprentice, once in every year at lead, during the term aforesaid, over and above the said dress proper for climbing, one whole and compleat suit of doathing, with suitable linen, dockings, hats, and shoes: and further, that the said

shall and will, at lead once in every week, cause the said apprentice to be thoroughly cleansed from foot and dirt, and shall and will require the said apprentice to attend the public worship of God on the Sabbath day, and permit and allow him to receive the benefit of any other religious indruflion ; and that the said apprentice shall not wear his sweeping dress on that day: and that the said

shall not, nor will compel or oblige the said apprentice to call the dreets, or any other places, before seven of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve :of the clock

Chimney Sweepers.

at noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-day, nor before five of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Lady-day and Michaelmas; and that the Laid shall not, nor will at any time during the said term, let out his [or her] said apprentice for hire by the day, night, or otherwise, to any other person or persons exerdling or using the said trade, nor shall the said or any person or persons whomsoever by his [or her] directions, require or force him th: said apprentice to climb or go up any chimney which shall be actually on fire, nor make use of any violent or improper means to force him to climb or go up any such chimney ; but shall in all things treat his [or her] said apprentice with as much humanity and care as the nature of the employment of a chimney sweeper will admit of In tvitness, &c.

Faria of approbation fy jut ices.

We, the above named G. H. and 1. K. two of his majes-ty's justices of the peace ailing in and for the county, riding, town, borough, or division [as the case may he] having in-spefled and examined the above-named

[the boy to be placed out or assigned over] do hereby consent to and approve of his being bound [or af-signed over] as an apprentice to the above-named

[the mailer or millrefs] according to the terms and fiipulations cxprcfTcd in the above-written inden-tore.

Curates5 Licences.

FROM June 24., 1788, the stamp duties imposed by the recited acts on licences granted by archbishops. Sec. are to ccafe with respect to licences to stipendiary curates, in which the annual amount of the stipend is inserted.

Frame Work Knitters.

IK any framework knitter, who shall rent or hire any flocking frame, with or without any machine or engine thereto annexed, shall at any time, refuse to re-deliver such frame, with the machine or engine therewith let to the person of whom he or they shall rent the same, having received todays previous notice for such purpose, the person so offending, being lawfully convicted by the oath or affirmation of the owner or emr plover of such frame, or of any other credible witness or wit-

Frame Work Knitters.

nesses, before any one or more julike or justices of the peace, where such offence shall be committed, or where the penon or persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer), the person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of zos. to and for the use of the poor of the pari 111 where such offence Thai ! be committed; and if not immediately paid, and the frames returned ir.fixdays after conviction, shall be imprisosed in the common gaol or public prion not more than three months nor Id's than one.

Any person so renting or taking to hire any flocking frame, aS G. 3. c. 53. and felling the same without the consent of the owner thereof, being lawfully convicted upon any indictment to be found against him, shall suffer solitary imprisonmem in the common I g.iol or house of correction where such offence that", have been committed,'Without bail or mainprize, forafpace n. : !o:', tr.an three calendar months, nor exceeding 12 calendar ; and persons purchasing them, are liable to the same rur.im- meat, if lawfully convicted on any indictment to be found j against them.

If any person or persons dial!, by day or by night, enter by force into any house, shop, or place, with an intent to cut or dcllroy any framework-knitted pieces, dockings, or other articles or goods being in the frame, or upon any machine or engine thereto annexed; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy the same; or shall wilfully and maliciously break, destroy, or damage any frame, machine, or utcnfil, used in making any framework-knitted pieces, dockings, or other goods in the hoficry manufactory, not having the consent of the owner so to do, or shall break or destroy any machinery in any mill or mills used in preparingor spinning of wool or cotton for the use of the docking frames, every offender, being thcrcoflawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his majesty's dominions beyond the seas, for any space or term of years not exceeding 14 years, nor less than seven years.

FROM and after the passing of this act, any judice or juf- ts. G. 3. t. 49.

tices of the peace, afling as such for any two or more counties being adjoining counties, may act as a juliice or justices of the peace in all matters and things whatsoever, relating to any or either of the said counties, and all acts of such

judice

512 Justices in the Country.

justice or justices of the peace, and of any .conilable or other officer in obedience thereto, shall be a, valid, good, and ef, feftual, as if such act bad been done in the county or counties to which such act or acts more particularly relate; and all coniiables and other officers of the said county or counties to which such act or acts relate, are hereby required to obey the warrants of such justice or justices: provided, that such justice or justices be personally resident in one of the said counties, at the time of doing such act or acts: and provided, that the warrants, orders, or dircftions, so to be given and granted, be directed and given in the Erst instance to the conilable or other officer of the county to which the same more particularly relate.

iE G. 3. r. 49. It shall be lawful for any conilable, or other peace officer, to convey and take any person or persons apprehended or taken into custody, to any justice or jpftices of the peace aft. ing for the said county, and resident in such adjoining county as aforesaid ; and in all cases, so to act as if the said justice or justices of the peace was or were resident within the said county to which they respectively belong.

Sheriffs, and their officers, may convey oft'enders through adjoining counties, to the gaol of the county wherein the offence was committed,

Justices for counties at large may aft within any city being 2 county of itself, situate therein or adjoining to such county: provided always, that nothing in this act shall extend to give power to the justices of the peace for any county at large, not < being justices for such city, town, or other precinct, or any 1 conilable or other officer acting under them, to act or intermeddle in any matters or things arising within any such city, town, or precinct, in any manner whatsoever.

Militia Pay and Cloathing.

N. B. At many Magistrates art also Deputy Lieutenants, it is thought proper to insert this for their Inspection.

E c. 3. c. ii. TT THERE the militia is or Stall be raised, the receiver-W general of the county is to issue four months' pay in advance, at the rate of 6s. a day for each adjutant; of is. for each serjeant, with the addition of 2s. 6d. a week for each ierjeant-major; of 6d. a day for each drummer, with the addition of 6d. a day for each drum-major; of 8d. a day for each corporal; and also at the rate of qd. a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent ex-

peaces

Militia'Pay.and Cloathing.

pences of each regiment, and independant company, one id. whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences, during the time of the men's .being from home .upon account of their annual exercise; with-half a year's falaryitoithcircgi-ment and battalion clerks, at the rate of 50I. a year.; and the allowances to the clerks of thcgeneral and fub-division meetings;- i. r.to the clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of 5I. ;s. for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the fub-i division meetings, at the rate of il. is. for each-meeting; and pay for cloathing of serjeants and drummers, -at the, rate of 3I. 10s. for each- ferjean.t, and.-2l. for each drummer, with the addition of 11. for each serjeant-major, and each drum-major, and at the rate of al. for each corporal, where such serjeants, drummers, serjeant-majors, drum-majors, and corporals, have not been cloathed within two -yearsand, with respect to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rat? of lh las. for each private man. 1 , 1

The money is to be paid by the receiver-general of the land C, tax, to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, upon producing the warrant of his appointment; and for independant companies to the respective captains, or to their order; according to the establishment laid down in the militia aft 26 Got. III.- A second payment is also to be made within 14 days after the expiration of three, months after the (irft payment; and a third within three months after the second.

The receipts of the persons to whom the money shall be so paid, shall be n sufficient discharge to the receivers-general.

The regimental and battalion clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months' pay to each captain for the serjeants, drummers, and corporals; and for the serjeant-major and drum-major two months' pay is to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong: and the captains are to distribtitc the pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clerk, or receiver-general, if an independant company; and pay back the surplus, if any, in their hands.

On discharge of serjeants or drummers as unfit for service, no pay is to be issued till others arc appointed ; nor any payment made to such as arc discharged by the commanding officer.

The regimental clerk shall pay to the commanding officer, out of contingent money, id. a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying hospital expences ; and also money for repairing arms, &c. upon an order in writing, signed by the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion ; and shall account annually to the commanding officer.

The money allowed for contingent expences of independant U 11 u companies.

5*4

26 G. ?. f.

Militia Pay and Cloathing. j

companies, shall be applied and accounted for by the cap. i tains, to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county or place to which such independant company shall belong, i:. The regimental clerk shall retain money in his hands for his own lalary.

Thelieutenant, orthreedeputy lieutenants, shall certify to the j receiver-general the days of exercise, the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home on account of such exercise; and such receiver-general is, within 14 days, to issue and pay to the clerk of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of ys. 6d. per day for the cap.j tain of each company, and at the rate of 3s. 6d. per day for each lieutenant, and of 3s. per day for each enlign ; and also . at the rate of is.per day for each private militia man, for the1 number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and also at the rate of is. per day for each private militia man who shall attend the place of annual exercise, but who shall not have been so chosen by ballot to be trained and exercised, for any number ef days not exceeding five, during which such men shall be absent from home on account of their attendance at such place of annual exercise; and the same shall be paid to the officers and private men of independant companies.

During the time the troops are embodied, and calted on: into actual service, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the receiver-general is to cease. The receivers-general are to pay the allowances to the clerks, of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fub-divisioni meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants; which order shall be a sufficient discharge. Regimental and battalion clerks are to give security for paying and accounting for the monies received by them; -by a bond to his Majesty, in the penalty of one half of the film required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to which such clerk shall belong. The bonds to be lodged with the receivers-general, and put in suit by them on non-performance of the conditions; and they are intitled thereupon to full coBs and charges; and 5I. per cent, of the money recovered ; the refid ue to be accounted for to the auditor of his Majesty's revenue.

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and disbursements; which account, signed by such clerk, or by such captain, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers-general of the land tax, into the office oi the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue.

All penalties, cofis - nd charges of suit, may be recovered in any of his AJajeBy's courts of record at Westminster, by

adlioc

515

Militia Pay and Cloathing.

action of debt; bill, plaint, or information. — No fee or gratuity whatsoever, shall be given or paid for, or on account of, any warrant'or sum of money which shall be iffiicd in pursuance of this act. ----- ----- --Persons on half-pay, or' en-

titled to an allowance as having served in the reduced horse guards, &c. may, though serving in the militia, receive the same, on taking'the following oath.

I A.B. do fuiear, that I had not, between the a8 C, - f

and any place or employment of profit, civil or military, J

under his Majesty, beftdes my allowance of half pay as a reduced in late regiment rf

(or allowance as in

late imp of horse guards, or regimentJ of horse

reduced), same and except my Jubfifience as a captain, lieutenant, or ensign, [as the case may be\ for serving in the militia of the county of

The receiver-general, upon receiving a warrant from the commanding officer, certifying the receipt of the cloathing, and an order for payment, is to pay the same accordingly; —

No militia man inrolled prior to Nov. I, 1786, shall be required to join, unless his regiment be called into actual service. — No man inrolled only for three years, and of whom no attendance has been required, shall be intitled to his pay or cloathing, — If any regiment, &c. shall cease, 3s. per diem is to be paid to the adjutant from such time to March 2;, 1789.

FROM July ;, 1788, in addition to the particulars authorisedby the act, 26 G. z. c. 6. the principal-officer of the cultoms. See, is required to demand of the commander of any ship further particulars, to which commanders giving untrue answers, shall forfeit 200I.

Mailers maliciously detaining certificates ofregiflry, granted in pursuance of an act of 7 and 8 of K' 3. (intituled, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade) and also of an act passed in the 25th year of his present majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for the further inercafe and encouragement of flipping and navigation) shall forfeit 100I. on conviction before any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such detainer and refusal shall be, and on failure of payment thereof, wichin the space of two days after such conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for such time as the said justice shall,in his difcration> deem proper, not

Quarantine and other Ship-Laws.

U u u 2

being

Quarantine and other Ship-Laws. |

being less than six months, nor more than 12 months. Such Is justice may issue his warrant to search for such certificate,-&c, 3 and if not found, to certify the same to the person who granted : the lift certificate, that a freth one may be given, notifying on the back of such'certificate the ground upon which such Blip or vessel was so registered de mm.

Pawnbrokers.

BY the act 27 G. 3. it was enabled, 7 hat in case any dif puts shouldarife between any persons pledging or redeeming, cr offering to redeem, any goods, and the pawnbroker, resp'efiing tlu re-delivery thereof, or the money to be paid to such pawnbroker, every such aifpuie, in case the originalJam lent was under 40 JhiU lings, fhculd be settled and determined by any justice of the pe&tt acting for the respeQivt county, riding, division, city, town, li-berty, cr place, who was thereby authorised and reauiredby examination or. oath cr affirmation, of the parties themselves, and such ether credible person, to hear and determine the same j which determination (heutd be final and binding unto and upon all persons i but by this act, the said clause, and every matter and thing therein contained, is declared to be repealed to all intents and pm-poses.

Register of Freeholds.

BY this act, every person having, in any county, a freehold estate, shall have a right to cause his name to be eif-rolled in the register of freeholders for the parish or didrift, within which the whole or any part of such estate shall lie, or out of which the whole or any part of such estate shall issue, upon making personal application for that purpose to the rt-gifter-keeper of such parish or district, i. e. the collector of the hnd-tax, who by this act is appointed register-keeper; and if any register-keeper shall be duly qualified, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, to have his name enrolled in the register of freeholders in his custody, it shall be lawfti for him to enrol his own name in such register.

Freeholders residing at a distance from their freeholds, mar be enrolled, on {wearing to an attestation before a -justict of the county in which they reside, who is to sign the jurat te the attestarion.

If the ju dice be not a magistrate for the county where the freehold lies, the attestation null he produced to a justice of that county; and an oath of the form specified in the schcdul: *

Sreform ofatteftitloo, No. ic6.

hereunto

Register. of Freeholds.

hereunto annexed. No. 4*, shall be written or printed at the end of the said atteilation; and the person producing it mult make and subscribe the oath at the foot thereof; and such'justiceis hereby impowered and required," upon requcll being made to him by such person, to administer such oath gratis, and to sign the jurat; and on such attestation's being produced to the regiller-keeper, the freeholder is entitled to be enrolled.

Alterations are to be left with the regiller-keeper, who is to sS 0. give a copy of the enrolment gratis, if demanded the same day.

Freeholders above 18 years of age are entitled to be enrolled, on requeuing so to be,' by personal application, or by alteration, as aforesaid; and every such person shall be as fully, entitled to be enrolled, and shall, in case of a refusal, have the same remedy or remedies, as any other freeholder.

Every regiller-keeper is required to enrol the name of every person who shall (by personal application, or by atteilation) requell to be enrolled, and to sign such enrolment; but not compellable to make any before April 6, 1789, or on a Sunday, Good-Friday, Christmas-day, a public fall, or thanksgiving day.

After July 10, 1790, ho person shall vote for a knight of the shire until he makes, the following declaration.

1 do declare, that my name is A. B, and that I am

[specifying the addition, profeffton, or trade of such person] and that the ufttal place of tny abode is at [and if it be a town, in what free),'] in the county of

and that I am enrolled in the register of freeholders for

[specifying the parish or dislriil for which such person is enrolled] in the county of and that 1 really and

truly have in the said parift or difridt, an tfl ate of the clear yearly value of forty fallings, over and above the intcrcf of any money secured by mortgage upon the said efate, and also over and above all rents and outgoings payable out of or in respeS of the said efate, other than parliamentary, public, or parochial taxes; and that the said efate conftfls of [lands, or of meffttage, or of tythes, or of an offer, or of a rent charge-, naming feme occupier of such lands, or mrfitage; or if the said efate conftfl of an of ice, then naming the same] ; and that I am in the aSttal pofejfon or receipt of the rents or profts of the said efatefor my own use; and that I do vote in virtue

if

and that I have not been polled before at this eteSion; and that, to the bell of my knowledge and belief, lam of the full age t.f twenty-one years, and have in my said efate a freehold.

No person (except as herein-after excepted) shall havea right to vote at any election of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament for any county, without having been cn-v See No. 107.

5*7

3. e. 36.

rolled,

5*8

Register of Freeholds.

rolled, at lead twelve calendar months before the day on which inch person shall tender his vote at such.election ; and every person (except as herein-after excepted); shall, before he be permitted to vote at such election; make the following declaration:

j6. 1 <6 declare, that I have bees enrolled at least 12 calendar month

in tie regifieroffreeholders far [Specifying the pa.

rift or difiriB in the register offreeholder! for nohick Jack person :7 enrolled) in the county of and that 1 home, Ij

myfel for others, been for at leaf 12 calendar months last pajl in thi aBual possesson or receipt of the rents or profits, for my omm ufi, of the efiatefor onbich I claim to mote at this eleBion,

Persons to whom freeholds shall have come by death, office, or marriage, within two years before tendering their votes, shall be entitled to vote, if their names have been enrolled prior to tendering them; but such persons shall make the following declaration.

I do declare, that the estate for onhich 1 claim to mote at this election came to me miithin tnno years lafi pafi, by the death of

[Specifying the christian name and the surname of the person by nuhofe death the person claiming to mote shall have acquiredfuch estate, cr] by promotion to the benefice of [sr] by promotion to the office of [cr] by mar.

ridge veith [or the case may be.]

Eat no such person, whose name shall have been enrolled less than 12 calendar months, shall be permitted to vote, onlefs he produce a copy of his enrolment, and leave it with the /heri/F.

If any person shall cause himself to be inrolled, who has not a legal freehold, or which does not lie in the diitrift for which the enrolment is made, or if he be not in the receipt of the rents; or if it be fraudulently granted him; or if he shall militate any particulars thereof, he shall forfeit 20I. of lawful money of Great-Britain, to any person or persons who shall fitil sue for the same.

Persons voting who are under 21 years, or who have not a freehold, shall forfeit 20I. to any candidate for whom such person shall not have voted at the said election, and who shall first sue for the said forfeiture; but if no such candidate shall foe for the said forfeiture within three calendar months after the offence shall have been committed, then the said forfeiture shall go to any person or persons who shall first sue for the same.

If any regiller-keeper shall wilfully refuse to enrol the name of any person who shall (by personal application or attestation)

requcll

I

Register of Freeholds. 519

request to have his name so enrolled, such refusal being proved upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice oft he peace for the county, &c. such register-keeper shall be summoned tO appear before him, and to shew causewhy he did so refuse to make such enrolment; and if die shall not shew fuiiicient cause, or shall neglect to obey such summons, such justice shall; by warrant under his hand and seal, cause to be levied, by distress and falc of the goods and chattels of the said register-keeper, the sum of 40 shillings and also the full colls and charges attending such distress and sale; the sum so levied to be paid to the person who shall have been refused to be enrolled; and if he refuse a second time, he shall forfeit tol. and so for every subsequent refusal.

The clerk of the peace, by April 5, 1789, shall deliver to 18 G. 3. c. 36. the different register-keepers within his county, printed copies of a notice, to be left at the abode of every freeholder, in the said month of April; which is. also to be affixed on the door of every church; such notice to be subscribed by the re-giller-keeper; and shall cause the notices to be proclaimed in every market town, and shall fend a copy thereof to every newspaper printed within the county, in the said month of April.

Register keepers in May or June 1790, and so annually, are to carry the register, and copies of thq enrollments of such persons as shall be dead, or shall have disposed of their freeholds, to a justice (who is to fill up the blanks in the memorandums), and to deliver the copies to the clerk of the peace, at the quarter sections in July.

The clerk of the peace shall produce the lift of every dif-trift in the county, at the quarter sessions in the month of October, and verify it on oath. And the justices shall (ign the lift, which is to be kept among the county-records, and the clerk of the peace shall deliver a copy to the Iherift' within a month; and by October 24, 1788, shall require the King's printer to fend him a sufficient number of registers, &c.

The expcuces incurred by the King's printer, or clerk of the peace, are to he paid out of the county rate; and the clerk of the peace's expences are to be settled at the general quarter sessions.

Persons making, or suborning others to make, a false declaration . shall forfeit 500I. and shall also be imprisoned for any time not less than one year, and not exceeding three years; or, upon being canvicted, on iudiftment, of committing wilful perjury, shall fuifer the penalties, due by law to that offence.

Persons destroying registers, &c. or altering them,' &c. shall be transported for any term not exceeding seven years, at the discretion of the court.

Forfeitures

1

Register of Freeholds. I

Forfeitures may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, within three years after the offence committed.

No person shall incur any penalty .for having caused his name to be enrolled, on account of any want of, or defect in title to the estate: provided such person be (by himself or others) in the actual possession or receipt of the rents or pro. fits of the same for his own use.

From July to, 1790, no person shall have a right to vote i for a Bnrgefs for Cricklade, who has not qualified to vote for Wilts. - . !

Soldiers.

Doubts and disputes having arisen, in consequence of publicans flatting up their fables, that no hoijcs may be quartered upK them, it is proper to aired the attention of such publicans tl the falltetsing clavfe,

§ XXXII. TT THEN any of his Majesty's horse or drs-V V goons shall be quartered or billetted upon the owner or owners of any alehouse, victualling house, or other house in which officers or soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this act, who have no ltables, then, and in such case, and upon complaint made by the person or persons having no Cables, to two or more justices of the peace of the di. vilion, city, or liberty, where such horse or dragoons shall be so quartered and billetted, and upon his or their making such allowance in lieu of his quartering such horse or dragoons, as such jufficcs shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for lech justices to order the men and their horses to be removed, and quartered upon some other person or persons who by this act are liable to have officers and soldiers quartered and billetted upon them, who have stables, and to order and settle a proper allowance to be made by the person or person; having no stables, in lieu of his quartering such horse or dragoons, so to be removed as aforesaid ; and also to order and direct, that such allowance shall be paid by the person or persons from whom such men and horses shall be removed, to or amor,eft the person or persons to whom such men and their IioriV- m.rd! be so removed as aforesaid, or be applied in the fursifi.hig of quarters for the reception of such men and their hcirlVs, as the case may require, and as such justico shall think ft.

Soldiers.

And also this Clause,

. § LXVIIT. In case any viflualler, or other person li- aS G. able by this act to have any officer or soldier billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or viflual any such officer or soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her; or shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the di-reflions of this act, the several things directed to be furnished or allowed to non-commission officers or soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her; or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient hay or draw for each horse so quartered or billetted on him or her, at the rates* fixed in this act, and shall be thereof convicted, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness - or witnesses, (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), every such person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 5I. or not less than 40s.; to be levied, by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant of such justice or justices, to be directed to any conltabld, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; to be applied, in making such satisfaction to any soldier for the expence he may have been put to, as such justice or justices shall order and direct; the remainder to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of the said parish.

In case any persons shall be convicted of any offences under this act; the following shall be the form of conviction:

Middlesex. Se it remembered, that an the day of

in the year of onr Lord itt

in the county aforesaid, A. B. came before ns C. D. and E. F. moo of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, and informed us, upon oath, that G. H. of oil the

day of noun last paji, at

in the./aid county, did [here set forth the fast in the manner described in the statute] ; -whereupon the said G. H. after being

A commission officer of horse, under the rank of captain, for diet and small beer, per diem

Ditto of dragoons, ditto, for ditto.

Ditto of foot, ditto, for ditto.

OrRcet's horse, for hay and ilraw per diem Light horsemen's diet and small beer, Gd. Hi: horse Dragoons ditto, 6d. His liDrfe.

foot soldiers' diet and small beer, per diem

is.

IS.

6d. Cl. 6d.

521

l.f.ia. '

Soldiers*

duly jknustned to answer the said charge, appeared before us the Jaidjufices on day of at

its in the said county,

and having heard the charge contained in the said information, de-ciarcd that he was not guilty of the said offence ; but the same being fully proved upon the oath of I. K. a credible vsitness, it jnanifejfly appears to us the saidjufttces, that he the said G. H is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information. It is therefore considered and adjudged by us, the said justices, that ht the said G. H. be convicted', and vse do hereby conviQ him of the offence aforesaid; and wt do hereby declare and adjudge, that the said G. H. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money c/* Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributd as the law directs, according to the Jtatute in that case made ani provided. Given, C5'r.

Spirituous Liquors.

COMMISSIONERS of excise, Sec. shall return to the persons licensed to retail spirits lince passing the act, 27 G. 3. c. 30. and who shall not have ale-licences on July 5, lySS, the monies paid under that act, since their ale-licences expired.

Stage-Coaches.

BY this act for Uniting the mmher of fer/om to be carriii on the eutjide of fiage coaches or other carriages, it ii enabled, that, from and after Nov. 1, 1788, only fix palfen-gers shall ride or go upon the roof, and two, beftdes the driver, upon the box, of any llage coach, or other carriage travelling for hire, on pain that every driver so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by confession, the view of a justice of the peace, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace ailing in and for the county, city, division, or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) shall, for every outside passenger, over and above the number herein allowed, forfeit the sum of 40s. and in case the driver so offending shall also be the owner of such coach. Sec. then the sum of 4I. and in default of payment, the person so offending, mail be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid.

If

Stage-Coaches.

tf the driver of any coach, &c. travelling with a greater number, than is allowed by'this act, cannot be found, or shall not attend in pursuance of any summons, requiring his appearance before a justice of the peace, upon a complaint and information laid againli him, then, the owner or proprietor of such coach, &c. shall be liable to the penalty hereby laid upon such driver.

If any constable, or other peace-officer shall refuse or neg-left to execute any warrant granted by any juliice of the peace, pursuant to the directions of this act, every such person so offending, and being convicted thereof before one or morejuf-tjee or justices, by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of 40s. and if the person so convicted doth not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said penalty, such juliice or justices of the peace may commit such person to the common gaol, or huufe of correction, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

AH penalties by this act imposed shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the highways, to be laid out in the amendment or repair of the public roads or highways within such parirtt or place, where the offence shall be committed.

The form of proceedings set forth in the following schedule, shall be used on alloccafions.

SUMMONS for any person or persons to attend a juliice.

Middlesex.

To A. B. of

Whereas complaint and information hath letn made upon oath, hfore C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said [county, &c.j by E. F. of That,

Here (late the nature and circumstances of the case, as far as it shall be necessary to shew the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the juliice; and in doing that, follow the words of the act as near as may be] These are therefore to require you personatty to appear before me ' at

in the said [county, &c.] on the day of next at the hour

of in the noon, to anfiver to thefnid complaint and information made by the said E. F. who is lihewife direilfd to he then and there prefect to make good the same Herein fail not.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of

one thousand seven hundred

X X X a INFOR-

523

' 3- e. 57.

524

Stage-Coaches,

INFORMATION.

iS G. 3. Ct 57, Middlesex. Be it remembered, that :n the

day of one thousand fiven hundred

A. B. of in the said county, informeth end

makeih oath before me one of his Majestydsjuf-

tices of the peace for the said county, that cf

in the said county, ' \

[Here defcnbe the offence particularly, and follow the words of the act as near as may be) contrary to tht statute made in the 2 % th year of the reign of King George tk third, for [Here insert the title of the act] which hath w-posed a forfeiture of for the said offence.

Yahen andfwom the day of

before me,

C. 2>.

FORM OF CONVICTION.

Middlesex, Be it remembered, that, on the day of in the year of our Lord one thousand few.

hundred at in the county tf

aforesaid, A. B. came before me C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, &c. and informed mi, that E. F. of on the day of

now last past, at in the said county, did

[Here set forth the fast in the manner described by the act] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to anfhver tk said charge, appeared before me on the

day of at in the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared that be was not guilty of the said offence; but the fam being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness, it mar.ifeftly appears to me the said justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information: It is, therefore, confdered and adjadged by me the said justice, tht he the said E. 1*. be conviBed, and I do hereby conviB him oftk offence aforesaid \ and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that he tk said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money cfGreat Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distrilutd as the law direSs, according to the form of the statute in that cctjt made and provided.

Giver, under my hand and seal, the day of

cue thousand seven hundred

The

Stage-Coaches,

The following to be inserted where the party refuses to appear upon the summons:

After the words, " being duly summoned to anfvier' to the/aid jS G, " charge," infept (did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons) or, (did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved, Sfic.J as before.

The following to be inserted when the party accused confcfl'es the charge:

After the words, " contained in the said information," insert (acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it manifestly appears to me the said justice, SSc.) as above.

Theatres licensed.

BY this act, justices of the peace may, at the general or -S C.

quarter sessions, at their discretion, grant licences for the performance of plays, &c. under the rcllriftions herein sper cified, that is to say. Within any city, town, or place, (itu-ate within the limits'of their jurisdiction, for any number of days, not exceeding 60 days, to commence within the next six months, and to be within the space of four months*, to be specified in the said licence. Only one licence shall be in use at the same time within the jurisdiction so given, and such place not to be within 20 miles of London, Westminster, or Edinburgh, or within eight miles of any patent or licensed theatre, or within ten miles of the residence of his majesty, his heirs or fuc-pelfors, or of any place within the same jurisdiction, at which, within six months preceding, a licence under this act shall have been had and exercised, or within 14 miles of cither Oxford or Cambridge, or within two miles of the outward limits of any city, town, or place, having peculiar jurisdiction ; nor where any licence under this act shall have been had and exercised at the same place, within eight months then next preceding.

Licences arc not to be granted within any place having peculiar jurisdiction, without the consent of the majority of the justices acting for such jurisdiction; or unless an express condition shall be therein inserted, that the same shall not be valid and effectual until it have been approved by such majority, at a meeting holden expressly for taking the same into con-deration.

No licence shall be granted, unless three week's notice be given to the mayor, Sec. previous to the application for a licence.

There seems to be fume error in tec framing of this f-mtence. tfiary.

Should not the numbers fs and fur in the ahovc pnifage be transpufed >

Thread.

525

3. e. 57;

526

Thread made up in Ounces, &c.

sSC. c. 17. T7ROM June 1, 17SS, reds of Iefs circumference than on: JP yard, ofed in making ounce thread, are to be forfeited, and also ;1.

All ounce or nun's thread manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in hanks, ounces, quarters, and pounds, aroirdupoife weight, each hank containing 30 threads o; rounds of the said reel of one yard or 36 inches in circumference, of the same quality and fineness; and each ounce containing a particular number of such hanks entire, of the same quality and fineness, and no fractions or broken parts of a hank; and each quarter containing four such ounces, of the same quality and fineness; and each pound containing four such quarters, of the same.quality and fineness; and the cover of each pound or smaller package of such thread shall be marked with a liamp, ascertaining the contents of such pack-age to be ounce or nun's thread, and specifying the number of hanks in each ounce thereof, and exprefhng the manufacturer's name and place of abode. Persons making up ounce thread contrary hereto, or felling the same, shall forfeit the thread, and icl. for each pound weight thereof.

Nothing in this act contained (nail extend to thread of 40 threads in the hank, manufactured prior to June 1, 1788.

Persons counterfeiting (lamps, shall forfeit the same, and the thread, and also id.

Any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, v/ithin which any offence against this act shall be committed, or within which th: offenders shall reftdc or be found, may hear and determine all offences again It this act, on information exhibited, or complaint to them made in writing; and upon proof made thereof, either by confession, or examination of the party accused, or by the oath of two or more credible witnesses, may give judgement for the forfeitures and penalties, according as i? and by this act is directed, and may issue their warrant for carrying such fcntcnces into execution, and for levying the penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed within 10 days) of the offenders goods or effects; and for want of distress, may commit the offenders to gaol for the space of three months, unless such penalties be sooner paid and satisfied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the general quarter fef-''ons, upon giving security to make good the sentence, and to pay such costs as dull be ordered in case such judgment shall be affirmed.

The justices may mitigate the said penalties, provided that tech penalties shall in no case be reduced below one half, and the full coils of the prosecution.

If

Thread made up in Ounces, &c.

If any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justices, and shall neg-left or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, every such person shall forfeit, to and for the use of the prosecutor, the sum of 5I. besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give evidence by means of another summons.

Wool, Sheep, and Woollen Manufactures.

IF live (beep or lambs be conveyed out of Great-Britain, or 2?i c Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, they and the vessel shall be forfeited for the benefit of any person or persons seizing the same; and the persons a (Tiding therein shall pay 3I. for each sheep, and fuft'er three months imprisonment; and for a subsequent offence, 5I. for each sheep, and suffer six months imprisonment; all which forfeitures shall be for the benefit of the person or persons who shall sue for the same. [But this shall not extend to live wether sheep carried for the diet of the crew and' passengers, by virtue of a licence specifying the number of sheep so to be put on board, and shipped in the presence of the proper officers ;] upon pain that the sheep so put on board shall become forfeited to the person or persons seizing the same; and the person or persons attempting to ship the same shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of zos. for every such sheep, to the person or persons who shall inform thereof.

Persons conveying wool. Sc. out of Great-Britain or Jersey, &c. and the owners of ships, carts, horses. Sc. or revenue officers, exporting, or affilling in the exportation of lhcep, wool, &c. shall forfeit for the first offence 3s. for every pound of such wool. Sc. or the sum of 50I. of lawful money of Great-Britain in the whole, at the election of the person or persons who shall sue for the same, and shall also suffer solitary* imprisonment in the common gaol or house of correction of the county, Sc. wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of three calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which he, she, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, so as, the whole of such imprisonment for the non-payment of such penalty shall not exceed the space of lz calendar months;

The reader will be pleated to find, that Solitary Imprisonment is here pointed out as a proper mode of punishment by the legifliturc in this Ibatute.

And the oftener the Magistrate has recourse to it in his sentence for other offences, in those counties and places, wherein provision is made for carrying ic into execution, the greater benefit will the public, as well as every individual, derive from it.

. upon

527 |. *?

528

- c. 3.

Wool* Sheep, Sea |

. 3S. npan every second, or other subsequent conviction, they shall forfeit 3s. for every pound of such wool, &c. or the sum of i4 30!. and shall also suffer solitary imprisonment for the space ? cf six calendar months, or. not exceeding the space of two J years. The forfeitures to go to the persons suing for them. 1

The wool,' &c. conveyed contrary to this act, with the vel- 1 fel, carriges, and horses, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the person or persons who shall seize the same. J

If wool and woollen articles intended to be sent coastwise, 33 be carried towards the sea without entry thereof having been jjjj made, they shall be forfeited ; and also the horse or horses, or 5 bead, cart, waggon, or other carriages conveying the same, £ for the benefit of the person or persons who shall seize there- 5 upon; bet this shall not extend to wool carrying from the j place of (bearing to the owner's honfe, though within five j miles of the sea, if the quantity be certified to the officer 0! j the next port, as also the intention to remove it; which of- ; liceris toregiiler such certificates; and if there be no pon ‘ within five miles, such certificates are to be given to one ol j his majesty's justices of the peace, or any officer of his majes. . ty's revenue, neared to the dwelling-house or houses of such person or persons.

The quantity of wool of lheep Atom for market between March 1 and July 1, need not be certified till after the general (hearing, if three days' previous notice of the removal be certified.

Persons authorised and qualified so to do, may fei2e, take, j and challenge, to and for his and their own use and benefit, : all such wool and woollen articles, fuller's earth, &c. as he ; or they fee brought or laid on (bore, at or near the sea, to b: exported out of Great-Britain, or out of the ides aforesaid, or any of-them, and the offender shall be subject to the like forfeiture and penalties as persons by this act are subject unto for exporting, transpotting, or shipping of wool, woollen articles, &c.

Bat wool for the use of the ides of jersey, &c. may be exported from Southampton under the regulations of this act; and provided such wool be shipped on board some vessel then the property of some person or persons residing within one of the said ides, and so as such person and persons as shall put on board such wool in any such vessel, do, before the shipping such wool, deliver unto the collector or searcher of the r-ort of Southampton, a writing under the hand and leal of :hc governor of the said ille of Jersey, or his deputy, and under the hand and fear of the said governor of Guernsey, or hi: deputy, as to the wool which is to be exported to the said if!;;, or any of them; in which writing it shall be expressed that the said party hath entered into fafficient bond to his majesty's use for the landing of the said wool in manner afore-fail Th:

Wool, Sheep, &c. 529

The quantity of uncombed wool to be exported out of the 28 c. 3. <. 38. port of Southampton unto the isle of Jersey, shall not exceed 4000tods; to the file of Guernsey, zoooo tods; to the isle of Alderney, 400 tods; and to the Isle of Sark, 200 tods; each tod not exceeding 32 pounds.

The customer of Southampton shall be displaced, and forfeit 500I. if he permits a larger than the allowed quantity of wool to be laden; one' moiety to the king, and the other to him that will sue for the same.

The governors of the said ides, &c. authorising a larger quantity to be exported, shall forfeit 20I. per tod; one moiety to the king, and the other to him or them that will sue for the same.

No wool, or woollen articles, fuller's earth, &c. shall be put on board any vessel, except .that of a natural-born fub-ject resident in Great-Britain.

No persons refiling within 15 miles of the sea, in the counties of Kent and Sussex, shall presume to buy any wool, before they enter into bond to the king's majesty, that all the wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any person ' or persons within 13 miles of the sea.

It shall and may be lawful for any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the counties of Kent and Sussex, reflding within 15 miles of the sea, having given bond, with sureties, to fell such wool to any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the said counties, who has also given such bond, and to remove and lodge the same at the warehouse of the person or persons to whom the same shall be fold, and who has entered into such bond as often as shall be thought necessary, although the person purchasing the same shall live within 15 miles of the sea, such wool being removed, and notice given of the lodging ; and housing thereof, as required by and to IK 3.

Wool (horn or housed within 10 miles of the sea in Kent and Sussex, or either of them, may be carried to any fair for the falc of wool; and if not fold, may be brought back to the house or place from whence the same had been taken ; if a perihit be taken out, containing the quantity of the wool to be removed, and to continue in force for and during such time as may be necessary for the removal and bringing back of the same, in case it shall not be sold at such fair, and the proper officers are hereby required to grant such permits.

Every permit shall accompany the wool; to be produced by the purchaser thereof to the proper officer or oflicers, who shall then grant to such purchaser another permit, for the taking such wool from such fair, which permit shall specify the quantity of wool to be moved, and the time during which it shall continue in force.

Wool returned unfold from fairs, shall be subject to the same rules as before removal.

If any person shall counterfeit or alter any certificate or li-Y y y cesce.

53°

Wool, Sheep, See.

ceoce, certificate-or instrument, he, flie, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of aol. to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

G, c. jg. Mo woo!, or any other the aforesaid woollen articles, shall be removed towards the sea, within five miles of the sea coail, between sun-setting and sun-rising, upon pain of the same being forfeited, together with the horses; &c. for the benefit of ISc person or persons seizing the same; and the driver knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, .shall be committed to the honfe of correction for the space of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize but this is not to extend to wool (horn and carried after sun-setting, the same day, to the owners' houses.

Worked yarn, not exceeding 141b. prepared for knitting, may be carried to retail-fliops, &c. provided such parcel be marked according to the directions of the act or acts of Parliament requiring the marking thereof.

No wool, wool-fels, mortlings, shortlings, wool-flocks, woriled bay, or woollen yarn shall be packed up in any other package than packs or trnfles of leather or canvass, commonly called pack cloths, or in linen or woollen; to be marked on the cutfide thereof with the word WOOL, in large charaflers, not less than three inches in length, on pain of forfeiture of all such wool, or other articles, to the person seizing the same, and also of any sum not exceeding is. for every pound of such wool, or other articles so seized, to the person or persons seizing the same, as the court of justices before whom such wooi, or other the aforesaid articles, shall be condemned, shall direct; but worked yarn may be packed in paper, if marked with the word -xzrjiid or yam, as the case may be, and if the quantity in any one such paper contained, do not exceed 14 pounds in weight.

The justices before whom any complaint or information respecting the worJ WOOL not being marked on the outside of the package, shall be made, may order the wool, and other the said articles which shall have been seized, to be returned to the owner or owners thereof; but the forfeiture or penalty shall not be mitigated below 6d. for every pound weight of such wool, or articles so seized.

Wool, or woollen articles, packed othernife than according to the directions herein-before contained, or pressed together, with ferews or other engine, or put into any butt, pipe, chcll, or other vessel, upon any pretence whatsoever, shall be forfeited; and 3s. shall be paid for every pound of wool, or other woollen articles, so packed, to be paid by the owner or packer of such wool, kz. to the person or persons who shall seize the same, or sue for such forfeiture;

Every person so offending, and all persons aflifling in such packing, shall, over and above the penalties and forfeitures before mentioned, be subject and liable to the pains and penalties

5 3*

Wool, Sheep, &c.

nalties to be inflicted upon exporters of wool; and the court and justices by and before whom such person or persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have and hereby have power and authority to punish every such offender accordingly. Persons assisting in 'Inch illegal package, giving information of the matter packer, &c. before any of his majesty's justices of the peace, so that he, she, or they may be prosecuted to conviction, shall not be liable to the pains and penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to the wool, or woollen articles so packed.

If the matter packer, or any person or persons aflilling in such package, shall, before any information, discover to any justice of the peace the name of the person by whom lie, (he, or they was or were employed to pack or press the same, so that such person may be prosecuted to conviction, such matter packer, or the person who shall give such information, dial! not be liable to the penalties aforesaid, and shall be entitled to the wool, or other woollen articles so sent to be packed, and the person directing such wool, or woollen articles, to be packed, shall, dn conviction for the same, be liable to the pains and penalties to be inflicted on exporters of wool.

Wharfingers are to enter into bond not illegally to ship wool, and to keep an account of wool by them received and delivered ; a copy of which account shall be delivered to the principal officers of the customs, at the port at which such wharfinger shall reside, at the end of every six months, and oftener if the same shall be required by such officer; and if any wharfinger shall refuse to enter into such bond, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of 200I. to the person who shall sue for the same; and if he shall keep or deliver a false account, he (lull, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ;ol. to be paid to the person who shall fuc for the same; and if he shall knowingly permit any wool to be put on board any vessel, otherwise than according to the directions of this act, he and every person assisting therein, shall on conviction be liable to the pains and penalties enacted against the exporters of wool; and every informer shall be entitled to the sum of 40I. to be paid by the of of his majesty's customs immediately after such conviction.

Wharfingers are to give an account to the proper officer of the quantity of wool received, on penalty of tol.

If wool, &c. be not dripped to be carried coastwise, according to this act, it shall be forfeited, with the vessel.

No person, except an officer of the customs, excise, or salt duties, and commanders of king's ships, shall seize Ihecp, &c. without a constable, or other officer of the peace, who is hereby required, on application, immediately to attend the person or persons applying for such assistance. And if any constable or other officer of the peace, or if any officer of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, upon application made, shall neglect or refuse to attend any person or persons who Y y y 2 shall

:S C. 3. r. 3S.

532

Wool, Sheep, &c:

shall make such application, or shall neglect his duty in the premiles, every such condable, or other officer, shall forfeit for every fcch offence the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety, after deducting the coils to the person suing for the same, and the other to the nfe of the poor of the pzrish where the offence shall have been committed.

G t. -S. If any person, patting this act in execution, shall be hin-

dered, or opposed, in seizing or attempting to seize any fhecp, wool, &c. the person who shall lo hinder or oppose, being armed or disguised, shall, by order of the court before whom such offender shall be convicted, be transported beyond the seas, not exceeding seven years.

If any person shall offer a bribe, to any officer or other person to connive at the exportation or concealment of sheep, wool, or other articles, every person lo offending shall forfeit the film of three hundred pounds, to be applied to the use of the informer, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wedminder, whereia noclfoin, protection, or wager oflaw, or more than one im. parlance, shall be allowed.

Prosecutions may be commenced in any court of record at Westminster, i-c. or at the quarter sessions of the peace, or before any two justices of the peace for any county, city, or place in this kingdom, in a luminary way, at the election of the feizer or informer; but no prosecution orinformation shall be had, or proceeded upon, before any two such justices of the peace in a ftimmary way, where the penalty, or forfeiture shall exceed, the sum of two hundred pounds.

The justices at any general quarter sections of the peace, and also such aforesaid two justices, are impowered and required to order all forfeited ships, vessels, goods, carriages, and cattle, to be publicity sold to the highest bidder, at such time and place as they shall think proper.

The penalties, except the penalties of the bonds, are to be applied, haif to the informer and half to the officer affiding in making the seizures, or to the officers only, if no information was made.

Persons exporting Ihcep, &c. may be carried before any neighbouring jadice, who may commit them to gaol, till the next general quarter sections of the peace, there to be tried and dealt with as by this act is d i reeled-

The officer who shall convey any offender before any juRice of the peace as aforesaid Ilia!!, in case such offender shall h committed to prison. enter into recognizance before such justice, in the sum of forty pounds, to appear at such general quarter feliior.s of the peace, and to prosecute the person fa committed.

If it shall aaeear to the justices before whom any offender ffiz'i be convicted, that fcch offender hath r.c: goods or chattel;

Wool*: Sheeps See.

tels sufficient to answer the penalties recovered, the j offices who shall have convicted such offender or offenders, ;or-. anyvother two justices of the same'County,: division, . borough,: town, or place, shall commit every such offender to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless the whole of such penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid.

But if any offender, before his actual commitment, shall pro- iS cure two sufficient sureties for the payment of the penalties by him incurred, with the charges, within the space of 14 days, exclusiveof the day of conviction, such justices may accept such security, and upon non-payment thereof, the same or any other two justices of the peace for the same county, division, or place, may cause the party convicted, and his sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, and them, and each and every of them, may commit to the common gaol or house of correction, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be sooner paid.

Appeals from justices may be made to the quarter sections on giving notice of such appeal within 14 days after the conviction, and on two sureties entering into recognizances, to appear and prosecute such appeal; and in case such judgment, or conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the party so appealing shall pay unto the informer or informers double costs, to be ascertained by the order of the same court; and if the appellant pay the penalty, or be in prison, he may enter into recognizances without sureties.

Justices may summon witnesses; and the persons so summoned shall appear at the time and place specified, and submit jn all things to be examined as witnesses in the premises,

Actions and informations shall be tried by a jury of freeholders of a different county from that wherein the fact was committed.

No person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any offence against this act, unless such prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three years.

The first three persons concerned in exporting (beep, &c-not being the owners, who shall inform thereof, shall be exempted from penalties.

If any owner of a vessel, or any person aiding oraffiiling in loading any vessel, knowing of such exportation of Ihecp, wool, or of any of the articles before enumerated, shall, within three months after the knowledge thereof, or after his return into the kingdom of Great-Britain, give the iirlt information thereof before any of the barons of the court of Exchequer, or before the head officer of any port where he shall lirll arrive, dr before any justice or justices of the peace, upon his oath, of the

533

G. 3. c. 3S.

534

Wool, Sheep, &c.

tbs number and quantity of the said articles so carried, conveyed, and transported, and by whom, where, and in what fltip or vessel, and (ballenter into recognizance, beforeanyjof. tice of the peace, in the sum of forty pounds, personally to appear and give evidence of the same, such person or persons so aiding or assisting therein, shall not be liable to any of the pe. naltici or forfeitures in this act contained for the offence aforesaid, but shall be enabled to receive such benefit as is appointed to be received by this a cl on conviction of such offenders.

C. 3. r. 3S. The penalty, imposed by former acts, viz. 23 Htn. viii.

c. 1 y, and 13 Eliz. c. 25, on deceitful winding of wool, is by this act, incteased to 2s. per fleece, the whole to be to the prover thereof. Offences against those acts may be determined by a justice in a fumraary way. The person or persons against whom any such information shall be laid, to be sum-snoned at a certain time and place to be fixed by such justice, who is hereby authorised, and required, upon the appearance or default of such person or persons, to examine into and give judgement in the premises.

Complaints for deceitful winding of wool are to be dif. charged by such justice, if there appears no intention to defraud. The aforesaid penalty, if not paid in six days, shall be levied by distress.

Persons complained of for felling wool deceitfully wound, may, if it was done without their privity, require the appearance of the party that so wound it, before a justice, who is to determine the matter, &c. and if it shall appear to the said justice, that the wool complained of had been actually wound falsely by the person charged by the feller thereof, without the knowledge, or con fen t of the feller; in every such case, the person who had actually wound or folded such wool (and not the feller thereof) shall be subject and liable to the pe-naltics; but if it shall appear otherwise to such justice, or if it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the hearing of the appeal, the feller of the wool shall be subject to such pc. nalties, as aforesaid; and in case of nonpayment by the person who shall have been convicted of having actually, falsely and deceitfully wound or folded such wool, every such person shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-one days, unless the penalty and costs (if any) shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Persons aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice of the peace, may appeal to the next general or quarter fessioni of the peace to be held for the division, in or for which such justice shall have acted, such person or persons giving, within five days then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the respondent in such appeal, and entering into recognizance

535

Wool, Sheep, &c.

y.ance before the said justice or justices of the peace, to appear and profecyite such appeal at the said general or quarter sessions, and abide by the order of the said court, and to pay such colts and charges, as shall appear jult and reasonable to the said justices.

No conviction shall be set aside for want of form — Justices as G. 3. c. 58. at the quarter sessions may administer to persons properly qualified to be sworn winders of wool, the following oath, which is to be entered in the records of the feifions;

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and justly, without deceit, wind andfold all and Jingielar the wool which 1 shall fate upon me to wind and fold, without leaving or putting any clay, lead, stones, fund, tails, deceitful locks, lambs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece snay be made more weighty, to the deceit and lof. of the buyer; and that I will not use am other deceit, craft, guile, or fraud, in the winding or folding of any such aforesaid wool. So help me GOD.

But persons not so sworn may be employed. — No prosecution shall be commenced for offences prior to May 1, 1788, against the laws respecting the exportation of live Ihecp, Sec. but the penalties, forfeitures, shall be wholly pardoned and released. —

His Majesty's share of fines now due, or which may become due in prosecutions now pending, shall be remitted, andare-vcrfal of outlawry may be applied for.

In actions brought by persons claiming the benefit of this act against officers, &c. for any thing done in icgard to matters hereby discharged, they may plead the general issue.

This act is not to extend to the discharge of any seizure of wool. Sec. or any prosecution now depending, in respect to such parts of fines as belong to.the informer; but iiich (hits may be proceeded on.

In case any action, suit, or information shall be brought, on account of the seizure of any vessel, carriage, horse, Sc. cr of any lheep, wool, or woollen yarn, fullers earth, (cc. as illegally carried or exported, or intended so to be, or for any thing done by virtue of this act, such actions shall be commenced within six months after the fact..committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the proper county where the fast was done or committed.

If in any action for. a seizure a verdict be found for the < I.aimer, he shall not be entitled to cods, if the court or judge before whom such action or prosecution shall be tried, shall certify on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure.

Forms

Forms and Precedents of Warrants, See.

No. Page

i Summons of a mailer on complaint of an Apprentice — — i

z Summons of an Appp.entich on complaint of his

mailer — id.

3 Summon, of theM/.STER by/-leojustices ii

a Warrant from t=xe jniticcs against a disorderly

Apprentice id.

j Apprentice's commitment by fwajustices idi

6 Apprentice's discharge by tict> justices, if the apprentice-fee did not exceed jl. otherwise by four juiliccs at the lead (i — iii

r Warrant for an Assault id.

8 Voluntary confession, before the birth of a Eastap.d

C u ia ----- -- — — i"

9 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a

uastaku iejirehs birth — id.

10 Examination of the mother of a Eastard after its

birth v 11

11 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a

East a an after the birth vi

la Perm of a recognizance in cafeofBASTARDT id.

I, Mittimus of the reputed father of a Bastard child vii

14 War-

Forms of Warrants, &c. 5 37

No. _ Page

14. Warrant from two justices to make the order of maintenance of a Bastard child — - viii

15 Anorder for themaintcnanceofaBASTARD child ix

16 Formof Commitment in general — — X

17 An award of Costs — — id.

18 Form of a warrant to distress for Costs — xi

19 Form of commitment for want of distress for Costs xii

20 Form of Examination of a person accused xiii

21 Warrant-on suspicion of Felony — id.

22 Commitment for Felony — xiv

23 Recognizance to indifitfor Felony — id.

24 — — — to give evidence for Felony id.

25 Information against an unqualified person for de-llroying Game — xvi

26 Summons of ditto for ditto — id.

27 Warrant to levy the fine on ditto for ditto — xvii 2$ Commitment of ditto for ditto — xviii

29 Warrant for good Behaviour — id.

30 Recognizance for ditto — — xix

31 Form of appointment of Surveyors of the Highways — id.

32 Complaint against defaulters on the Highways XX

33 Summons of ditto on ditto — — xxi

34 Warrant of distress for neglectof duty on the Highways — — id.

Z z z -5 In-

Z z z

538

Forms of Warrants,: &c

No. Page

55 Information for non-payment of an .Highway-

Assessment — — xxii

36 Sammons for not paying an Highway Assess-

ment — — xxiii

37 Warrant of distress for not paying ditto — id,

38 Commitment in default of distress for ditto xxir

39 Information in general — — xxv

40 Conviction of felling by false Measures, &c. id,

41 Precept to the high constable'for Militia lifts xxvi

42 High constable's notice to petty constables of the

number of Militia men — id.

43 Ditto's warrant for Militia men to be sworn and

enrolled — — xxvii

44 Summons of a Militia man neglecting to be

sworn, &c. — — xxviii

4j Warrant to levy 10I. by distress on ditto — id.

46 Warrant to commit a Militia man, where 10I.

cannot be levied — — xxii

47 Warrant to distress for Quaker's substitntes in the

Militia — — xxx

45 Recognizance to indifl fora Misdemeanour xxsi

49 __________to anftver for ditto — id.

50 ----- ----- ---- to give evidence for ditto — id.

51 Warrant to apprehend one breaking the Peace xxxii

52 Recognizance for keeping the Peace — xxxiii

5; Commitment for want of sureties to keep the Peace id.

54 War-

EoVms'iof Warrants,; &o.

539

No. _ Page

54 Warrant1 for the appointment of overseers of the.

Poor — — xxxiv

55 Warrant (after summons) against an overseer, for

not holding a monthly meeting for the Poor id.

56 Warrant of distress for not paying a Poor's rate ' xxxv

57 Warrant to bring the Pauper to be examined xxx'vi

58 Form of examination of ditto before two justices id.

59 Form of a Pauper's certificate — 1 xxxvii

60 Order of removal of Poor xxxviii

61 Information of Pauper, with summons and order

for relief — — xxxix

6s Order of Removal of a certificate person — xl

63 Form of ageneral Recognizance withoutfurcties id.

64 Ditto with sureties — — ' xli

65 Information of fraud respecting Rent — id.

66 Summons of an offender for aiding in ditto id.

67 Order to levy a fine for aiding in ditto — xlil

68 Warrant to search for Stolen Goods — xliii

69 Summons for non-payment of Servant's wages id.

70 Order for the payment for ditto — xliv

71 Distress for non-payment of ditto — xlv

72 Servant's complaint against mailer — xlvi

73 Summonsof mailer for ill-treatment of Servant id.

74 Discharge of rServant — — - xlvii

Mailer's

54° Forms of Warrants, &c.

No. Page

75 Matter's complaint against Servant . — xlvii

76 Warrant to apprehend disorderly Servant xlviii

77 Commitment of ditto — — id.

78 Summons in general — — xlix

79 CertificateofSoLDiER'senlifting — id.

80 Warrant to provide Soldier's carriages — |

81 Complaint for non-payment offmall Tythes id.

82 — ----- --against aQuaker for refufalof Tythes !i

85 Snmraons for non-payment of small Tythes id.

84 Summons for payment of Quaker's Ty t h es lii

55 Order for payment of small Tythes — id.

56 — of Quaker's Tythes — - liii

87 Warrant of distress for small Tythes — il. go ----- ----- ----- ---- for Quaker'sfmallTYTHEs lit

89 Certificate from different counties respectingTythes !r

90 Precept for a privy search for Va g r a n t s — it-

91 Vagrant's examination — lvi

92 Warrant forpublickly whipping a Vagrant it-

93 Commitment of a Vac rant — lv«

94 Vacrant's pass, in the same jurisdiction — id-

95 Ditto's pass to Scotland — 1(>"

$6 Ditto's pass to Ireland — — Ik

Order

97

Forms; of Watiantsj fi&c;v

No. Pace;

97 Order forconstable's charges with a Vaoranth!;'' '! be

98 Order to high constable to pay tos. toa Vagrant Ixj

99 Warrant to levy 20s. on aconitable for refuting to pay 10s. — — id.

100 Warrant — — lxii

lot Form of indorsing a Warrant — id.

102 Search warrant forftolen Wood — id.

; 103 Warrant to levy the penalty for ditto — Ixiii

1 .

104 Commitment for healing ditto — lxiv

105 Commitment (after a summons) for aiding in ex-

porting Wool — — lxv

106 Freeholder's Attestation — — id.

107 Freeholder's Oath — — lxvj

Forms of Conviction, &c.

(S« A and B.)

Alehouse-keeper convicted of felling liquors, after being

disqualilied. — — i

— ----- ----- - — convicted of felling ale, &c. without a

licence — — id.

Bakers felling bread short of weight, &c.

11

Forms of Conviction, &c,

Bakers adulterating bread with allum,'&c. Concerning bricks and tiles A general form of conviction Colls awarded on conviction.

Stealing dogs —

Selling spirituous liquors without a licence Adulterating tea —

Dellroying game —

----- ----- -heath fowl, grouse, &c.

----- ----- -fib —

Gaming

Concerning the glove tax,

Page

ii

iii id.

v

id.

vi id,

vii

viii id* ii is

Selling liquors in gaols Concerning the highways Larceny

Concerning pawning Clothiers' servants Hatters* servants —

palfe reeling —

Watchmakers fen'ants Slaughtering horses ----- ----- ----- --, No. II.

— id.

I

ri

— id.

. xii

~ id.

— id.

xiii

— . id.

id.

Slaughtering

Forms tcffi.Conviction* &e.

Slaughtering horses, No. III. . Page ..xiv

Swearing — id;

Stealing turnips — — V XV

— — wood — — -id.

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c«

(See C.)

Chief commissioner of salt duties — xvii

Churchwardens — — id.

Clerk of the peace — » id.

Constable — xviii

The juror's oath — — id*

Surveyor's oath on passing his accounts — id.

House duty. Assessor's oath — id.

J ullice of the peace. His oath of office — xix

— — His oath of qualification id.

Militia-man's oath — — xx

Substitute'joath — - id.

Pollmaller'soath — — id.

— ... — oath on delivering his accounts — xxi

Returning

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c.

________. Page

Returningufiicer'suath " — — -" — r xii

Riot, rout, &c. Juror's oath — xxii

Servants. Assessor's oath — — id,

Sheriffs officer's oath, before two justices — id.

Shop-tax. CommiEoner's oath — xsiii

----- ---- Assessor's oath — — id.

Transferring-aft. Commissionet's oath — id.

----- ----- ----- --Assessor's oath — — xxir

Wool searcher's oath — — id.

Precedenti

545

5^

APPENDIX,

CONTAINING THE

ACTS OF 29 GEORGE III.

Gaols.

AT the quarter-session next after the session of parliament,

1789, and at the Michaelmas session annually, a certi- '3' f> ' iicate in the form annexed, shall be delivered by every gaoler to the chairman, read in open court, in the presence of the grand jury, and entered upon record as parr of the minutes of the said session.

The said court of quarter-session shall thereupon take the said certificate into their consideration, and summon any person or persons named therein to appear before them, and shall give such directions, and make such orders relative to any of [the matters contained in such certificate, as to such justices [shall seem meet, and shall and may take security from any person or persons whom the same may concern for his or their due compliance therewith If any gaoler or other officer, having the care or fupeiin-tendance of any gaol, being a county-gaol, shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such certificate as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such olfence the sum of 50I. and, not being a county-gaol, the sum of 20I. to be recovered by any person who shall fuc for the same.

Certificate referred to by this act.

f At the general quarter fejp.ons of the fence for the to wit A holden at this

\Jay of in the year of tur Lori

the certificate of in fnrjuance of the ftaiute

w this case made and provided, rtfpeSing the gaol of

22 W 23 C. 2. c. 20, enacts, that felons and debtors shall be kept separate, under penalties upon tke (lierilF or gaoler.

4 A 24 G. 2.

Gaols.

24. G. 2. c. 40. enacts, 1. That no gaoler shall fell, lend, use, .or give away, or fuller spirituous liquors within any gaol, under a penalty. _

2. That a copy of the clause lait mentioned, as also of two other clauses respecting the same, shall be hung up in the gaol, under a penalty-

32 G. 2. c. 2S. cnafls, that the clerk of the peace shall canfe a lilt of the fees payable by debtors, and the rules and orders for the government of gaols and prisons, to be hung up in the court where the assizes and sessions shall be held, and fend another copy to the gaol; and the gaoler shall cause the same to be hong up in a conspicuous place in the said gaol.

13 G. 3. c. jd. enacts, that clergymen may be provided to oiiiciate in gaols.

14 G. 3. c. 20, enafls, that persons acquitted, or dif. charged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, shall be discharged immediately, in open court, and without fee.

14 G. 5. c. 59. enacls, that 1. The walls and ceilings of celis in gaols shall be feraped and white-walhcd once in the year at Tcali.

2. That the cells shall be kept clean; and

3. That they shall be suppliedwith fresh air, by ventilators or otherwise.

4. That there shall be two rooms set apart for the sick.

5. That a warm and cold bath, or bathing tubs, shall be provided.

6. That this act shall be hung up in the gaol.

7. That a surgeon or apothecary shall be appointed, with a salary.

N. 11. To t'.'tfi several articles the gaoler is expelled to tacit a particular r:t::ra.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

23 G. 5. c. -S. from Ang. 1, 17S9, is repealed, so far as relates to the dnties, and so far as is not re-enacted by this act.

The act of g tu 10 IT. 3. c- 27. shall be revived from the said day; so far as the same is not hereby altered or explained.

From Aug. 1, 17S9, the following yearly duties are to be paid, via.

Every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other trading person and persons, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, orexpofing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall pay a duty of 4!. for each year.

Hawkers and Pedlars. 547

Every person so travelling with a horse, afs, or mule, or c. 3. c, 16. other bead bearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the-sum of 4I. yearly, for each bead he or file shall so travel with, over and above the said Brit-mentioned duty of-4I.

It shall not be lawful for any hawker, pedlar, or other trading person, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot or with horse or horses, either by opening a room or (hop, and expoiing to sale any goods by retail, in any town, parish, or place, (such person not being a housholder there, or the same not being the usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on business) to fell by himself or herself, or by any auctioneer (whether licensed or not) broker, appraiser, or other person, on *'-

his or her behalf, any goods or wares, by knocking down of hammer, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the highest bidder shall be deemed the purchaser; and every person and persons so felling, contrary to such prohibition, shall forfeit and pay, for every offence, the sum of 50I.

Every hawker, pedlar, &c. shall, at the time of receiving his or her licence, without any discount, pay all duties imposed upon him or her respectively, to the of for the time being for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or some peefon authorized or deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and seals; and upon payment thereof, and hot otherwise, a licence shall be granted to them, subscribed by the said of, or any two of them; for him or her to travel and trade, according to the true intent and meaning of this and the act made in the reign of King William the Third, and according to the duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such licence.

Before any person or persons shall be intitled to receive any licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall produce to the commissioner or of, or their deputy or deputies, appointed for licensing hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other trading persons as aforesaid, a certificate, signed by some one clergyman officiating within the parish, chapelry, or place, wherein such person so applying for such licence has his usual rcfidcncc, and a]so by two reputable inhabitants of the said parish, chapelry,- or place, attesting that the person so applying is of good, character and reputation, and is a fit perfiin to be licensed to' cx-ercife the trade of a hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman!

. The certificate so to be produced, shall be in the form or to theeffect following:

We, A. B. the Minister, Imjhehtrs refidinr at

and C. D. and E. F.king two in ifcparish " [chapelry,

4 A 2

54S Hawkers and Pedlars.

[chapelry, or otherwise, as the case may be] of

in the county of do hereby certify that G. &. hath

been known to us for the space of years last pajt,

cr.i during all that time hath usually re side A in the said parish [chapelr'y, or otherwise, as the case may be] of and is a person of good charaQer and reputation, and is a ft per-fsn to he licensed to exercise the trade of a hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman. Dated the day of

A. It. Minister. j?'} Houjholders-

Every person who shall trade with, or under colour of such licence, shall cause to he written, painted, or printed, in large legible Roman capitals, upon the most conspicuous part of every pack, box, bag, trunk, case, cart, or waggon, or ocher vehicle of conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her goods, wares, and merchandizes, and of every room and shop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every hand-bill or advertisement, which he or she shall give out, distributv, or publiflt, the words Licensed Hawkev, together with the number, name, or other mark or marks of dillinftion, so written or printed upon his or her licence; and every fcch person, in any respect making default herein, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of lol.

If any person to whom such licence shall not have been fu granted, shall write, paint, or print, or cause to be written, painted, or printed, upon any pack, cart, waggon, or other vehicle or conveyance, for any goods, or in any room or (hop in which he or she shall fell any goods, wares, or merchandizes, the words Licensed Hawker, or Licensed Pedlar, or ar.y other word or words to that effect; every person so offending shall forfeit, for each offence, the sum of iol.

If any hawker, pedlar, £?c. shall be convicted of dealing in, or feiling any kind of smuggled, contraband, or prohi-bited goods, fraudulently or dishonestly procured, either by themfe'ves, or through the medium of others with their privity and knowledge, every such trading person shall, from and after such conviction, forfeit his or her licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new licence; and that, over and above all such forfeitures, to which he or she shall be by law liable for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

If any such hawker, pedlar, fee. shall trade as aforesaid, without, or contrary to or otherwise than as shall be allowed by, such I'rcnce, such person shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of iol.; and if any person trading under any licence, upon demand made by any person authorized

. Hawkers and -Pedlars,- $4>9

thorizcdor appointed tq demand such; licence, by, the: commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, &c. for the time-being, or.any two of them, under their hands and seals,; and upon producing or shewing ftjch authority, or upon vdemand (nadeby any justiceiOf.the peace,- mayor, coriftable, orjotherj officer of the peace, .where he or she. shall so-trade, or, by.-any. officer of the cultoms or excise, shall refuse to-produce: and;

shew his of her licence for so trading as--aforesaid, vor. shall not have his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce unto such person authorized or appointed as lait aforesaid, or unto such justice of the peace, &c. the person so refusing, or not having his Or her licence ready to produce,

shall forfeit tol.j and for non-payment thereof, shall suffer *

as a common vagrant, and be committed to the hoofe ofcor-rcilion- . ch

If any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counter- -9 g. c. i$, feit any licence or licences, by this act d hefted to be granted, or travel with, or produce any such forged or counterfeit licence, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of tool.

In case any person shall let out to hire or lend any licence, or shall trade with, or under colour of, any licence.in which his or her own real name shall not be inferred, the person letting out to hire.or lending any such licence, and the person so trading with any licence granted to any other person, (halt each of them forfeit the sum of 40I.; and in case any,.person shall be convicted, or have judgment against him for lending his or her licence to any other person or persons, .contrary to -this act, such licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any. licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

Any person or persons ntny seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, &c, w|io shall be found trading without a licence, and who, being found trading, shall refuse or neglect to produce to such person or persons a licence according to this act, after being required l'o to do, for a reasonable time, in order to give notice to a. constable, or other peace-officer, or officers, who are,.hereby required to carry such persons so; seized, unless they shall, in the mean time, produce their, respective licences, before some one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and (Iriftly required to examine into the fact; and upon due proof, either by confession of the party-offending, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses,1 (which the said justice is hereby impowered to adminilicr)-that the person so Iprought before him had so traded as,.afore--

55® Hawkers arid Pedlars.

said, and no such licence being produced by such offender before the said justice, to convict the offender of trading without a licence; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such joffice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and leal, to cause the said sum of 40I. to be forthwith levied by distress and file of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures aforesaid; and in the mean rime to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be otherwise paid or farisfied by such offender.

C. 3. r- 2S. If any constable, or other officer of the peace, shall refuse or neglect, upon due notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this or the former act of 9 W to If'. 3. being thereunto required, every such officer, being thereof convified, upon his confelSon, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every offence the sum of tol.

No hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, &c. going from town to town, or to other men's houses, or opening a room or (hop, and expoling to sale any goods, wares, or merchan-dizes, by retail, in any town, parish, or place, such personnot being a housholder there, or the same not being an usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on bufi-ticfs, shall fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares, &c. in any city or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the distance of two milt! from the middle of the most central market place of such city or market town, by the most usual or common roads, on pain of forfeiting and paying for every such offence the sum of 10I.

But nothing herein contained shall extend to hinder any person or persons from felling, or expoling to sale, any torn of goods or merchandizes in any public mart, market or fair, but such person may do therein as they lawfully might hav: done before the making of this act.

If any hawker, pedlar, See. shall vend any goods in any such city, town, or place, contrary to any of the provisions ia this act contained, such hawker, pedlar, &c. shall b; liable 10

the

Hawkers and Pedlars. 551

the like penalties as are by this ail in (lifted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty-chapmen, or other trading persons travelling without licence.

Any person or persons who, on the first day of May 1.789, jj G. 3. c. a6. was or were duly licensed to trade as hawkers and pedlars, nay exercise any craft, mystery, or occupation, used or occupied within this realm, in any place where they shall be rea iident inhabitants, although they shall not have been brought up in such craft seven years as apprentices, and also may fee any person on workin such craft, &c. although such person shall not have been apprentice therein as aforesaid; any penalty contained in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aB containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if prosecuted and found guilty, shall be intitled to double costs; no such persons, their wives or children, during the time they shall use and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or place, shall be removeable to their last legal place of settlement, until they shall become actually chargeable.

No person being a wholesale trader in goods, wares, or manufactures of Great-Britain, and felling the same by whole-sale, shall be deemed a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other act relative to hawkers; all persons felling by wholesale only, shall go from house to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers, who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being subject or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in this or in any of the said acts, touching hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen.

Nothing in this act shall extend to prohibit any person or persons from felling any printed papers, licensed by authority, oranyfiflij. fruit, or victuals; nor to hinder the real worker or maker of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Creat-Britain, or his; her, or their children, apprentices, or known agents .or servants, usually residing with such real workers or makers only, from carrying abroad and selling by retail, or otherwise, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own. making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town; nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness-menders, or other persons usually trading in mending.kettles, tubs, household-goods, or harness whatsoever, from going .about and,carrying with him or thiem proper materials for mending the same.....;;

All pecuniary penalties, which shall be, incurred under this act, of greater sum than sol. shall be recovered, together-cyith colls of suit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, at-V^eft-

minilcr.

Hawkers and Pedlars!

minster, by action of debt or inforciation; and ot1e moiety oi every such penalty or. forfeitnre shall belongitohis Majesty, his heirs and successars, and the other, moiety, thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

Where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the fam of 20I. it shall be recoverable: before one of his Majesty.'s justices of the peace, where the offence shall be committed, .on proof-of the offence either by voluntary con-session, or by the oath of one or more credible witriefs or wit; neffea; and one moiety of every such lad mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of non-payment, the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, shall cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels^ and the overplus, after deducting the penalty and the expence of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and shall also commit the offender to the prison of such county, &c. there to remain until the said penalties, and the reason-sble charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such diilrefs and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such offender; and it shall be lawful for any such justice of the peace by his warrant to cause such offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to'any charge or complaint for any such penalty, and to commit such offender to prison as aforesaid until the hearing of such charge or complaint, unless he or she shall and do enter into a recognizance before such justice, with two sufficient furctict, in a funcient sum, to be ordered by such justice, to appear at the hearing of such charge or complaint.

No person committed to any gaol or house of correction, for any offence committed against this act, shall be detained in such gaol or house of correction, for any longer space of time than three months.

If any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or them* selves aggrieved by the judgement of ap.y such justice, then he, she, or they, shall or may, upon entering into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by such justice, to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with a sum which in the judgment of such justice shall be adequate to the amount of the colts which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of such penalties, forfeitures, and colls as shall be adjudged, in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions for the county, &c. who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or, at their discretion, to Hate the fasts specially for the determination of

Hankers and Pedlars*

Ms Majesty'schurt ofcKinglsiBench thereon; ;rind in case>the judgemenroffuch justice shall be affirmed, it shall bedaWful'fOr such justices; or the court' Of King's Bench; -to award the'jiefr-son or persons to payfochcofts- occasioned by-such' appeal'as to them (halhfeem meeh' v.ex-nt sd'W

A conviction in the form, or to the effect following;- (httll 29 cf. be good arid effectual to all intents and purposeSwhatfoeveH without dating the evidence;! and without alledgirig: toOre than the fubdarice: of the offence, in all cases Wherein any judice of the peace hath power to convict by virtue of the present act: '

. Be it remembered, That at the' Jay of

in the year qfour Lord at

in the county of- A. B. came before me, C. D. Esquire,

one of his majesty't jujficet of the fence for the said county, ref ding near the place inhere the offence herein-after mentioned mat committed, and informed me that E. F. of in the said

county of [here set forth the fail for which the

information is laid]; mhereufott the said E, F. being duty fmmoned to anfueer the said charge, appeared - before me, [and having heard the charge contained in the said information, acknowledged and voluntarily confejfed the faBt therein stated to be true, hut in hit (or her) defence alledged [here setting forth thfc fubdance of the defence]; or voluntarily confejfed the said charge to be true; or did not make any defence again/) the said charge; -whereupon the same mat fatly proved on the oath of G. U. a credible mitnefi', or said thathefor fisc) mat net guilty of the said offence, whereupon the same mat fully proved on the oath of G. H. a credible mittieft, or as the case shall be] or did not appear before me pursuant to the said summont, but the said charge uiat fully proved on the oath ofG.H.a credible mitnefi [or' as the case shall be]; and therefore it manifefly appearing-to me that the said E, F. it guilty of the offence charged in the said information, I do hereby conviB him (or her) of the said offence, and do adjudge that he (orjhe) hath forfeited the sum of

(or bit (or her) licence, and the sum of ) of lawful money of Great-Britain, to be difributed- at the lam dirt [Is, according to the form of the statute in such case made and provided. Given under my band and seal, the -day of

No conviaiori upon this, aft shall be removed or remove* able, by writ of certiorari or otherwise, into his Majesty's court ofKing's-Bench, or any other court; save upon an appeal, as by this act is.directed.

Every judice, before whom any person hath already been convicted of any offence, by virtue of any of the acts hereby repealed, and having received for his Majesty's use any part 4 B or

553

1. r. 16.

5'54

29 C. 5. r. 26.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

or share of any penalty levied,. inflicted, or - paid,. under such conviction, for which he has not already accounted, shall, within six months after the passing.of this act, .transmit to.the of for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, aschednle. or schedules, containing the names; of the persons foconvifted, the day on which they were convicted, their respective offences, and the respective fumsnowremain-ing in the hands of such justice for his Majesty's.use; and every justice, before whom any such person shall be convicted of any offence under this act, shall take and receive his Majesty's share of the penalty levied or paid by virtue of fitch conviction; and every such justice, his executors or admini. strators, shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such sums of money as shall be remaining in his or their hands at the time of the puffing of this act, at the next general quarter feffioos of the peace after the passing of this act, and all such sums which.he shall so take or receive upon any conviction by virtue of this act, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace after he shall have so taken or received the same, into the hands of the clerk of the peace, or other such like officer, for the county, &c. within which such conviction shall have been made, who is hereby directed to remit the same forthwith, without fee or reward, to the said of for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or to fitch person or persons as the greater part of them shall appoint; and every such justice, his executors or administrators, shall, immediately on such payment made to any clerk of the peace, or other such officer, transmit a like schedule to the said of, or to such person or persons as they, or the greater part of them, shall appoint. . .. 'V

All and every the powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, and all things whatloerer, which in and by the act of KiugWilliam III. aforesaid or by any other law now in force concerning the duties by that act granted, are provided, settled, or established (other than so far as the same are incon-fillent with, or contradictory to any thing in this act contained, and other than in such cases for which different provisions are prescribed by this act) shall be exercised and applied in managing, railing, collecting, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said powers, authorities, &c. were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

If any person shall be summoned as a witnessi to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace, .touching aov of the matters relative to this act, or to the herein-before mentioned act, made in the reign of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, to be allowed of by such justice or justices, or appear-

i»g.

Hawkers: and - Pedlars. '$5$.

ing, shall refuse'lto be examined upon oath, arid 'give^eVi-dence before'such'jbftice or jriilices, every such person' shall forfeit, for "every such: offence,' the1 funi of lol.'tO -be 'rSt'o-vered asthe other penalties.''1'1 ' ,-r tomrimuoi

The several duties herein-before granted shall h'e'paid; from1 c. time to time; into the'hands of the cashier, 'for the time'be-: ing, of the'dutied!.on' hawkers, pedlars, rind petty'chapmfeny who shall keep a'separate arid dillinft account of1 the several rates and duties; arid pay the same '(the n'eceflary ch'drges;being deducted) into" the receipt of the Exchequer;';:at'such-time, and in such manner, as the duties now" charged'oti hawkers, pedlars,'and petty chapinen; are direfledUb>be'

paid. ..... 1 , ill , t j;

if any person or persons shall be sued for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such person or perforis shall and may plead the general issue, and give 'the fp'ccial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the'defendarit or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; or judgement shall be recovered against him or them, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his,' her, or their action, or be nonprossed therein, such defendant or defendants shall have treble' cods' awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs1.'1

Horses' arid Carriages' additional Duty;

FROM July 5, 1789, the following additional annual ^

duties on horses and carriages are to be paid, viz. 19 G. 3. t. <9>-

Where two horses .are kept for riding, or for drawing any coach, chaise, or other carriage, in respect whereof any duty, now transferred to the management of the commissioners for taxes is payable; there shall be charged an additional annual duty of ;s. for one of such horses, mares, or geldings.

Every person who shall .keep: and u(e three, four, or ,five horses, mares;, or geldings,' and no more, for the purpose of -riding, or drawing such coach, chaise, or other carriage, shall be charged with an additional annual duty of 7s. 6d. for.eaqh such horse; mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.,,

Every person who shall keep and ufc fix or morir, horses, mares, or geldings,.for the purpose of riding; or for the purpose of drawing any such coach,:or other carriage;,(hqlt.be charged with and pay an additional annual duty,of ,10s. for each such horse,' marc, or gelding, exceeding the number of 0"c- ' '

Every person who shall keep one coach, chariot, cala|b, chaise-'marine, chaise with four wlicels; or caravan, for his 4 B z or

556

. Horses and Carriage,

or her Own nfe, or to Jet oat to hire; other--thin-and except such carriages as-are licensed by his- Majesty's commissionets for managing the duties on hackney-coaches, shall-be charged with and pay an additional yearly sum of 20s.in respect of such one coach or carriage as aforesaid. 1

Every person who shall keep /too coaches, chaises with four >®‘ wheels, or caravans, under the above circumstances, shall be charged with an additional duty of zos. for one of such car. riages, and an additional yearly sum of zl. for every other of such carriages.

Every person who shall keep three or more coaches, cha. riots, chaises with four wheels, or caravans, or three or more of any such carriages, for his or her own use, or to let out to hire, other than and except such as are before excepted, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly sum of zos, for one of such carriages, and an additional yearly sum of 3I, for every other of such carriages.

The said several yearly sums shall be paid over and abort, and in addition to any former duties charged upon horses and carriages, and now placed under the management of the con. missioners for the affairs of taxes. No duty imposed by this act shall extend to horses exempted from duty by 24 G, 3. c. 31. or any subsequent act.

The dnties impoied by 24 G. 3. and by this act, onhoife let out by the year, month, or other period, for drawing coaches, &c. shall b'e paid by the person or persons respcflive. ly by whom such horses shall be hired and used.

These additional duties are not to extend to carriages It: put to travel pod, by any person licensed to let poll horses.

From July j, 17S9, no licence is to be granted to eiercif: the business of a horse dealer, unless the person shall prodoc: to the of, or the person authorized by them, act. duration in writing, ligned by him, that he seeks his living by buying and selling of horses, and shall set forth the place where such trad; and business is to be carried on; and ever; licence granted, or to be granted, to any person other than to such as shall seek his living by buying and selling horses, shall he wholly void.

If horse-dealers keep horses for riding or drawing, an! neglefi to give in a list thereof, the assessors may charge ti: duty for such number, as from information they learn arch kept; notwithstanding the licence to them granted, or an; thing in this or the said recited acts contained to the contrary thereof.

The several duties are to be paid quarterly, the first paw ment on October 10, 1789.

The duties are to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the confalidated fund.

Tit

HorsesandfiCarriages. 5^

The new,duties charged.by; this act ,on-, horses and.on,carriages shall be assessed; railedj| levied,; eolled{ed,.!and, ieceivsd by l'uch persons.in such and; thei like form and . manner,! and with such allowances, iand,underi such, penakics,;(fdrfeitores, and disabilities, and with such.power for recovering,andi.enforcing the same, and according:.to such .rules, methods,.-'and directions, as arepreferibed or appointed for assessing, railing,1 ' 1

levying, collecting, recovering, and, paying,: the i'otmer. duties on horses and carriages respectively;:,bytheaft of 25 G. 3 c. 47. or by any other act or acts therein, recited or referred to, or by any other law now in force relating. 10 his Majesty's revenues upon houses, windows, and lights, or either of them; and all the powers, authorities, rules; and directions, penalties, forfeitures, &c. now in force,'contained in the said act of 25 G. 3. c. 47. relative to the duties, on horses and carriages, or either of them, or in any subsequent aft relating thereto, for assessing, raising, levying, and: paying, the rates and duties by the said acts, shall be in full force, for assessing, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act directed.

The of for putting in execution the act of 25 19 G. 3. t. 45, G. 3. are to put this in execution, and to hold their first meeting on July 10, 17S9; and afterwards in like manner to meet yearly at such days or times as the said of shall think proper to appoint, before the 30th of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to act in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this act.

If by any neglect or default there shall not have been a meeting of the of, and a due execution of the several powers by this or the said act of 25 G. 3. c. 47. at the time prescribed, they may meet at any other time or .times as there shall be occasion; and all such meetings and acts of the said of, or any two or more of them, shall be . deemed good and valid, to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

No commissioner to act till he has taken the following oath; on pain of forfeiting icol.

1, A. S. do swear, that I twill truly and faithfully execute . the r.JJice cf a cciliaijfumcr, and'will determine all appeals which fall he brought hcjorc me, to the best cf my fill and judgement,

urfuant to the all of parliament in that behalf

So help me God,

Which oath any two or more of the of are hereby authored to ndminiller. , u

Commissioners are to give notice to their aflcflbrS' of their appointment. .. . . .!

c. 43.

Horses and Carriages.

If no assessors are appointed, or they neglect their duty, the fnrveyors or inspectors under 2j G. 3. or any of the acts relating to honfes, windows, tec. may act as assessors; and they are hereby required to do and perform such and the like services as by this act are required of such assessors.

Every person appointed as aforesaid, or any surveyor or in speftor hereby authorized to act in the execution of the fail office or employment, shall take and subscribe, besides the oaths or solemn affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by assessors, by any other act or acts of parliament relative to the said duties, an oath, or solemn affirmation, io the following form (that is to say)

7, A. B. doftoear [or affirm, as the case may require] tin in the assejfaent which I ant required to make in pursuance of tk gB of parliament in that case made and provided, 7 nviil ai without favour cr affeSion, and according to the hefl of ntj JkB and knowledge. So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commis. floners where the assessments are to be made, are hereby an. thorized and required to administer; and if any person so appointed to act as surveyor, assessor, or inspector, shall presume to act in the execution of the said office or employment before he shall hare taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of 20I.

The duties by this act granted shall and may, from time to time, be assessed, levied, and paid according to such life in writing of the number of horses and carriages liable to the said duties, as shall be kept or used by any person or person whatsoever, which shall from time to time be delivered to any such assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or in-speftors respectively, in pursuance of the said act of the 2J C.

3. c. 47. and according to the number of horses and carriages respectively contained therein, unless omissions are discovered, and then assessors are to make a surcharge.

The (irft assessment is to be for three-fourths of a year, front July 5, 1789, and afterwards for one year from April j.

Every carriage with two or three wheels, to be drawn by one or more horses, which shall be used at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the carriage of goods, warej, or merchandize, from place to place in the way of trade, shall be deemed a carriage and carriages within the meaning of the said act of 25 C. 3. for laying a duty on carriages, &c. and shall be entered and paid for accordingly j and ifnotfo entered, the owners shall forfeit 7I. f{r each, upon proof of the offence before one or more justice or justices of the pea.cr,

Horses and Carriages. 559

either by the voluntary confedlion of the rparty, or upon-the n,

oath of one or,more credible yvitness or witnesses; . which oath the said justice or justices, to who.in such information ftiajl.be given, are hereby. authorized and, required to administeri; which forfeiture may be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justice or justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty and colts, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and the said justice or justices shall pay one moiety of the said, penalty to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the collectors appointed for putting in execution this present act, for the parish or place wherein the person or persons, to whom such carriage or carriages shall belong, shall reside; and the said justice or justices shall render an account thereof in writing, Hating the name and place uf abode of such persons respectively from whom the money has been so received, in order that the said of may fee the fameduly added to the assessment of the respective parish or place to which the same may belong. . , /

If any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prose- <J. 3. r. 49; cuted for any thing done by virtue of this a ft, such person. or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence; and if a verdict shall pais for the defendant, or the plaintiff, shall discontinue the action, or be non-suited, or judgement.shall be given against him or her, then such defendant shall have treble costs against any such plaintiff.

Licences for Dealers in Brandy.

WHEREAS by an act made in the 27th year of the reign 29 G. 3/V. 63;

of his present Majesty, it is enacted. That, from and after July 5, 1789, there should be raised, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective sums in the said act mentioned, upon all licences to be taken out by all persons who shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors, or strong waters, within Great-Britain : it is hereby enacted, that persons who have taken out licences for retailing spirituous liquors, '.giving a month's notice to the supervisor of excise, of their intention to leave off retailing such liquors, are not to, be liable to the payment of any money imposed by the said act. after' they shall have so left off; but no person shall be entitled to the re-payment of any sum actually p,aid.' " .'n.

From

560 Licences for Dealers iii Brandy.

*' C r 6 ' From Oct. 10, 1789, persons dealing in brandy without

-9 3* bang licensed according to the act 24 G. ji /. zi c.41. not

being retailers, rectifiers, or (Millers, shall forfeit tool, for each and every offence;'

Pawnbrokers.

19 G. 3. c. 57. T)Y this act, the rates, or pledges for it. are 4d. per Jj month, as before; and so on progressively and in proportion for any fnm not exceeding 40s.

And for every pledge upon which there shall have been hit any fam exceeding 40s. and not exceeding iol. at and afi« the rate of 3d. and no more, for the loan of every 20s. and of such money so lent, by the calendar month, including il; current month; and so in proportion for any fractional fam.

Where any intermediate fam lent upon any pawn or pledge shall exceed the sum of 2s. 6d. and not exceed the fume! 40s. the person lending the same shall and may take, by wij of profit, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of 4d. and so more, for the loan of zos. by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

In all other particulars, this act is the same with that cf 27 G. 3. c. 37. that clanfe only excepted, which by 28 6. j. t. 30. is repealed.

Stamp Duties on Wills, &c.

S3 G. 3. r. 31. T7ROM Aug. 1," 1789, the following additional duties at: P required to be paid on probates of wills, &c.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, orflieetw piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, written, K printed, any probate of a will, or letters of administration (tt nny effate of or above the value of 300I. over and above a! other rates and duties already imposed thereon, there fbaliit charged an additional duty of zos.; — where 600I. or upwaidi,1 2n addition of il. 10s.; — where 1000I. and upwardsj an ai-dition of zl. 10s; — where zooool. and upwards, an addition tf jl. tcs.; — and where jooool. and upwards, an addition of jl.

For every receipt for a legacy, or for a share of a perfom! effate divided under the statute of distributions, to the amour, of 400I. an additional (lamp duty of 30s.; and for every farther sum of tool, a like additional ffamp duty of :cs.

Tls

Stamp Duties x>nfWills,-} &e.r j 5 § i

This act >is not to.extend to thewillsof failorsor.-soldiers tg.c, 3, e. 15* Uain or dyinginhis Majesty'sservice; nor.to legacies to; the ' ' ‘ ‘ wife, children; or grand-children of the testator.. 1, ; ynhd

Thcfc duties are to be under the management of the commissioners of llamps.

One damp may be provided to denote the former and the present duties.

All vellum; parchment; and paper, > liable to the dnties hereby charged, shall; before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for damping; and the said of, or their officers, shall forthwith, upon demand, damp any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, the persons bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being, dr his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act.

And the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the said several duties granted by this act, and iit such manner as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, and paper, is allowed.

Stamps may be altered and renewed; and all persons who shall have in their custody or podession'any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with any damp or mark before the same shall have been so altered or renewed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law, relating to damps, is directed.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge, or ufc any fca!, damp, or mark, to defraud his majesty, his heirs or fucccdors, of any of the above duties; or shall fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any damp duty, with such counterfeit damp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and diall fuifer death as in cases of felony; without benefit of clergy.

All powers of any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, not hereby altered, shall be of full force and edeft with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed.

The several duties are to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp duties, and carried to the consolidated fund.

if any person shall be sued, moleited, or prosecuted, for any thing done or. executed in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his defence; and if upon the Itial a verdict diall pass for the defendant, or the.plaintiff become nonsuited, then such defendant shall have.treble costs against such plaintiff1 .

4C

Tobacco.

Tobacco

562

23 C. 3. c. 63. A FTER the 1 o:h of October,. 1790, all vessels bringing Jr\ tobacco into Great-Eritain, of the growth of the United States, from any part of the said dates, are to have on board a manifed, made out by the mader or commander, before the clearing of such vessel, containing the name of the place of loading, the name and bnilt of thevefisl, the meaforementor tonnage thereof, according to the regider of the same, together with the chridian and- farname of the mader or person having command, and the place to which such vessel belongs, and a true account of all the tobacco laden on board such vessel, with the number of the cases, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each case, together with the marks and numbers, and the tare of cacti such case; and such weight of the tobacco and tare shall also be marked on each such case.

By 19 G. 3. c. 3;. tobacco of the growth or manufacture of Ireland, may be imported into Great-Britain, under the following conditions, to wit, that the collector and comptroller of the customs, or other chief officer of the customs, at the port of lading, shall, after the clearance of the vessel, deliver to the mader or commander, a manifed, containing an account of all the tobacco, with the number of packages, and the marks of each package, and the quantity of tobacco contained therein, and the tare thereof; and shall immediately transmit adupli. cate of fr-ch manifed to the of of the endoms in Great-Britain; which manifed is to be delivered by the mailer, on his arrival at his port of discharge, to the collector of the customs at the time of making his report; and any mader neglecting to deliver such manifed, forfeits the sum of tool.; and stich tobacco is to be imparted in calks, containing 450. pounds weight of tobacco, and is, in other respects, to be liable to the same regulations as tobacco imported from the Bri-t:ih colonies in America.

After the icth of October, 1790, if any tobacco shall be imported into Great-Britain, without the proper manifeds, the mader or commander of the vessel forfeits the sum of 200I.

The maficr or commander of any vessel having on board, or bringing tobacco, cither from his majesty's colonies or plants-tions in America, or from the United Scatcs of America, shall, upon the arrival of the vessel within the limits of any of the ports of Great-Britain, or within four leagues of the coads, produce and deliver to the ofneers of the endoms or excise, who shall come on board such vessel, his manifest, or a trne cop; thereof; and the officer shall certify such production, or receipt of such copy, on the back thereof; and the first officer of the customs, who shall come on board, shall faden and lockdown the hatchways leading to the place of dowage in such vefel 1 or upon the neglect of the fird officer, then any other officer of the endoms shall do the same: and the mader or commander

shall

Tobacco.

shall cause the afltftance of a sufficient number of the crew to be given to such officer: and if any mailer or commander shall fail in any of the respects above-mentioned, or if any such hatchway shall be afterwards opened, or if any of the fallenings shall he afterwards broken or damaged, before being opened by the proper officer or officers of the culloms, he shall forfeit zool.

If, after the arrival of any vessel having tobacco on board, , within the limits above-mentioned, bulk shall be broken before the proper officers of the culloms shall have authorized the unlading thereof, such tobacco, with the vessel and her appurtenances, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by ahy of the officers of the culloms or excise, and such mailer or other person shall forfeit the sum of zool.

If any tobacco or fiiulf, imported into Great-Britain, Hull he landed in Great-Britain, without a warrant signed by the proper officers of the culloms and excise, and without their presence, all such tobacco and fnuft', and the packages, with the vessel in which the same shall be imported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the proprietor, importer, or consignec, of such articles, and the mailer, mate, or other par-fun or persons, having the charge of such ship or vessel, and every person who shall be in anywise concerned in the unshipping or delivery of such articles, or to whose custody or pofl'ession they shall afterwards come, he, flic, or they, knowing the same to have been so unshipped, shall forfeit treble the value of such tobacco or snuff respectively, to be cflimated according to the highell London price of such articles.

Certain places are to be appointed by the of of the culloms, at which vessels arriving with tobacco are to be moored, and the mailers having the command of such vessels, are, at their colls, to cause their vessels, immediately upon their arrival, to be moored at such places, and the vessels are to remain there until the tobacco shall be delivered and the vessels cleared; and any mailer of commander failing in either of the respefh above-mentioned, forfeits the sum of 100I. unless, in the judgment of the said conimiflnners, he was prevented from compliance by some unavoidable accident.

On the arrival of any vessel with tobacco or snuff at her moorings, the mailer or commander is to make a true entry upon oath, at the Cullom-house, of the burthen, contents, and lading of such vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents of every parcel of goods, to the boll of his knowledge or belief, on pain of the forfeiture of tool, and till ut'.reported tobacco, found on board such vessel, becomes for-fiited, together with the packages; and the mailer tr commander, at the time when such entry is made, is to deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the culloms, the manifclt before-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting the sum of lcol.

56'3

C. 3. c. 6S.

5^4

-9 G- } '

Tobacco.

63. The'importer, proprietor, or consignce of tobacco imported, is, within ten days, if the whole or major - part of the vessel's contents be tobacco, or within fifteen days,'if-the major pan of the contents contift of other goods, after- the entry shall'hare been made, to make with the collector, or chief officer of the customs. -and also with the collector of excise, a true entry ia writing of all the tobacco on board fetch ship or vessel, with the number of cases, and the particular marks and number of each, and the weight and quantity of tobacco contained therein, agreeably to the manifeii, and to the particulars of the entry before-mentioned.

No tobacco, tobacco Italics, or fnoif, brought into any port of Grear-Britain by coast cocquct, or permit, can be landed, or put on Ihore, without an entry first made with the proper officer of the cultoms of the port, by the person bringing the same, or to whom the same arc consigned, on pain of the for. feiture of doable the value.

Within ten days after the entry, the importer, proprietor, or consignce, are to make entries, with the proper officers of customs and excise, of all the snuff on board the vessel, belonging to them, specifying whether the same be snuff imported by the Ealt-India Company, or from any Britisht plantation in America, or from the Spanish Well indies, or from any other place; and also the number of cases, with the particular marks and numbers cf each of them, and the weight and quantity offanf contained therein : and, on the neglect of such persons, any of the officers of customs or excise may convey all such tobacco and snuff, with the cases, to some of the warehouses to be provided by the respective of of the cnltoms in England and Scotland, for securing and lodging tobacco and snuff at the several ports of importation : and such tobacco may be secured therein for twenty-four months, and such snuff for one month, unless the same be cleared and taken out before the expiration of such times: before which clearance or delivery, rent is to be paid to the proper cullam warchoofc-keeper, after the rate of 6d. per week for each case containing tobacco or snuff.

All tobacco and snuff from any vessel wrecked or in dilbcfi, on the coalt of this kingdom, is to be deposited and secured in the ncardl culiom-wnrehouse, and is to be liable to all the regulations and foiftitures mentioned in this act.

The officers of the customs on board every vessel in which tobacco shall be imported, are to mark every case of tobacco with such marks a- th.- of of the cnltoms shall dircfl, and no case of tobacco may be antilipped before so marked.

The importers, proprietors, and consignces of snuff' imported, arc, a'tcr the eni-y of the vessel and of the snuff, to land Inch Inuff, as is directed, concerning the landing of tobacco; and such snuff, when so landed, is to be marked, weighed, and flowed ir, like manner. Tobacco

Tobacco. 563

Tobacco lodged-in-any ,\Yarehouse,-iV(o be- cleared,' and taken from tjicnce, either Tor exportation or home .trade; qwith-, in twenty-four months after,-the importer, proprietor; .or, consignee shall,-, or-ought to,have,..made,his entry in writing ;nand fnoff is in like manner to be taken out within one;month-; , and the importer, proprietor, or-consignee, intending :to clear , and take from any warehoafe any tobacco for- home, trade, or, -any fluff, mull give at lead twenty-four hours notice in writing, to the cullom and excise warehouse keepers, of his intention so, to do, and of the particular cases and marks of such,tobacco and fnulf so intended to be cleared or taken out.

Every manufacturer of, and dealer in tobacco or fnoff, three G. 3. c. <>S* days at leall before beginning to manufacture or. fell any to- bacco, tobacco dalks, Spaniffi, tobacco dalks for tobacco (talk I flour, fnuft work, tobacco dalle flour, or fnulf, is to make a I true and particular entry in writing, of all the premises used by him for manufacturing, felling, or keeping any of the said articles, at the office, within the limits whereof his premises shall be blunted, on pain of forfeiting the sum of cool, for every part of such premises made use of, without such entry, together with the articles before-mentioned, found therein, with the packages.

Within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, no manufacturers are to be permitted to make such entry, but such as are occupiers of tenements, of the yearly rent of 10I. and for which he or they are afieffed in their own names, and pay the parish rates; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless such puffin or persons are assessed, and pay to the church and poor; and no entry is of avail to any person or persons not so .qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons making the entry are so qualified.

Over the outer door, or in the front, or in some conspicuous partuf every house, warehouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place used by any manufacturer or dealer, f.,-r manufacturing, keeping, or felling any of the above-mentioned articles, the words- ManufaBurer of anil Dealer in Tobacco and Snuff, or ilia 1 Co or Sniff, or Manufacturer of, or Dealtr in Tobacco and Snuff, or Tobacco or Snuff, as the case may require, are to be painted or written in large, legible characters, on pain of for-ii-iting for each place made use of, without such words, the sum of 50I.

Any person nut having made such entry, who hath these words painted or written, ns before mentioned, forfeits the sum of tool.

None of the articles above-mentioned are to be manufactured out of the limits of the chief oliice of excise in London, except in cities and their suburbs, and in market towns, and also cx-cipt in places more than five miles dilt.uu from any part of the

(e*

56S

13 a, 3.

Tobacco,'

sea-coast of Great-Brhain, unless such place or places shall t: a city or fubarbs thereof, or a market town within three mile) of some port, into which tobacco may be imported, and in which the manufacture of tobacco or snuff shall be carried on at the time of pa(5ng this act; and every person manufacturing or causing to be manufactured, any such articles, in any other place, forfeits the fam of 50I. g. Bnt no licensed manufacturer becomes liable to the said penalty of 50I. on account of his manufacturing, or causing to be manufactured, any of the articles above-mentioned, at any tobacco or snuff manufactory, duly entered, and which shall have been used as such at any lime before the 5th of July, 1789.

On or before the 30th of September, 1789, a true account is to be delivered upon oath by every manufacturer of and dealer in tobacco and fnulF, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, at the office of excise, within the limits of which his premifei shall be, of the several quantities of tobacco, tobacco 1Mb, and fnufr respectively, being in his poflession or custody on the 50th of September, 1789; and every manufacturer, forever; neglect in the delivery of such account, forfeits all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and fnufr, whereof no such account shall be delivered, together with the packages.

All tobacco, snuff work, and snuff, in the poflession of any manufacturer or dealer, on the said 50th of September, 1789, or within ten days following, for which he shall not have credit on the custom-house books, or, in default thereof, shall not make satisfactory proof to the commissioners of excise, that he bought the same in the fair way of trade, from some person or personss openly known and reputed to be a regular dealer or dealers therein, becomes forfeited with the packages.

Every manufacturer of tobacco or snuff, three days at least before beginning to manufacture, mull make true and particular entry in writing, at the proper office of excise, of every engine for performing any ptocefs whatever, in the manufacturing of either of the said articles, on pain of forfeiting the fern of 50I. for every fitch utensil not so entered.

Perfoas manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, are, before such manufacturing .or dealing, to take out licences, us the care may require, which licences are to be granted as follows : that is to say, within the limits of the chief office of ec-cil'e in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and feaU of two or more of the of, or of some person; by the major part of them appointed for that purpose; and in any other part of England, the same shall be granted under the hands and of the respective collectors, and supervisors of c.cii'e; within the limits of the city of Edinburgh the salt shall L»t* gran ed under the hands and ferns of t.vo or more of co;n:r.i£cDL::i of excise for Scotland, and in any other pur: <j

Tobacco.'

Scotland, under the'hands of the respective collectors and fn-pervifors; and the respective persons authorized to grant such licences are to grant the same to ali persons applying for the same, and paying as follows, that is to say, the sum of 40s, for each licence, granted previous to the 10th of November, 1790, authorizing the manufacture of tobacco and snuff until the 10th of November, 1790; but for all licences to manufacture, granted after that time, the following sums.

£ ' A *

If the tobacco and snuff work weighed for manufacture by the person or persons applying for the licence, within the year ending the 10th of October, previous to the taking out such licence, shall not have exceeded the quantity of zo.oeolb.

From 20,oooolb. to 30,0001b.

From 30,0001b. to 40,0001b.

From 40,0001b. to 50,0001b.

From yo.oooolb. to 6o,oooolb.

From 6o,oooolb. to 70,0001b.

From 70,oooolb. to So.oooolb.

From 8o,oooolb. to 90,0001b.

From 90,0001b. to too.oooolb.

From too.oooolb. to t20,oooolb.

From I2o,oooolb. to 150,0001b.

If such articles shall have exceeded 150,0001b.

For licences to deal in tobacco and snuff, the following sums are to be paid, viz.

Within the limits of the chief office of exetfe in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh - - - -050

In any other part of Great-Britain - - 026

Such licences are to be renewed ten days at lealt before the expiration of twelve months, and so from year to year; and any person manufacturing tobacco or snuff without taking out the proper licences, forfeits the sum of 200I. or dealing without licence forfeits 50I,

But persons duly licensed to manufacture tobacco and snuff, need not take Out licences for dealing in the same, provided they do not, at any time, fell tobacco in a less quantity than four pounds weight, or snuff in a less quantity than two pounds weight.

Persons in partnership, manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or lnuff, in onehouseor Ihop only, are not obliged to take out more than one licence in a year; but no licence granted under, this act authorizes any person or persons to manufacture or deal in tobacco or snuff in any other house, warehouse, (hop, or other place, than such whereof an entry in writing was made at the office of excise, at the time of granting such licence.

Before

29

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

S 0 0

9 0 0

10 0 0

12 0 0

15 0 0

20 0 0

563

ajC. j.

Tobaccdi

6S< Before beginning to drip or spiri any tobacco, or to press any tobacco for catting, the manufacturer is to give, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or of the city of Edinburgh, fix hours notice in writing; and within any other city or the fnbarbs thereof, or any market town; twelve hours notice in writing; and ia any other part of Great-Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, of his intentions fotodoj and in each notice for dripping tobacco mdd specify the weight of tobacco intended to be manufactured; and in each notice for spinning, pressing, or making into carrots, the several weights of the tobacco, tobacco stalks, and returns of tobacco respec-rively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into carrots; and in each notice for flattening tobacco stalks for Spanilbi null! specify the weight of tobacco stalks lb intended to be flit-tened; and in every such notice the hour and time of beginning such operation is to be specified; and the pfoper officer of excise shall attend, and the manufacturer shall, at that time, ot within an hour afterwards, begin to weigh and separate all to-fcacco stalks, £:c. intended to be pressed, spun, &c. and ia-mediately after such weighing, shall deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying how much of such tobacco it intended to be manufactured; and any manufacturerfailingj in any of the respects above-mentioned, forfeits the sum of

Any person cutting any walnut-tree leaves, hop leaves, fy-catnore leaves, or leaves, herbs, or plants to resemble tobacco, or mixing, or procuring to be mixed with tobacco, any of the said articles; or feliing, or exposing to sale, or having in his custody or poflession any of the said articles, prepared or mixed as before-mentioned, forfeits the sum of 20ol. and all such at-' tide?, together with the tobacco with which the same may hi mixed, and the packages containing the same.

When any officer of excise shall discover that the manufae-taring of tobacco or fnufr is carried on in any place not duly catered, and shall at the same time discover, in such place, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or in any ways concerned in such private manufacturing, every person so discovered forfeits the sum cf 30I. over and above all penalties and forfeiture*, to which the proprietors of such tobacco or fault toil be liable; and such officer or officers, and all people actingia their aid, may arrest all such persons, and convey them before some justice or justices of the dillrift, who, upon confeffiun of the party, or proof by the oath of any credible witness, may convict frcn persons; each of whom, on conviction, mult immediately pay to the officer the sum of 30I. on pain of being committed by such justice or justices to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for the space of six months from the day of conviction, unless such sum be sooner paid; and any

Tobacco,

person twice convicted of the same offence shall forfeit, on the second conviction, the sum of 6ol. on pain of being ;Comipit-ted to the house of correction for the term of one year, or until the said sum be paid.

Any of the officers of excise may at all times, between the *9(7.3 hours of five in the morning and eleven in the evening, either with or without a constable or other officer of the peace, .or between the hours of eleven in the evening and five,in the morning,'with a conilable, or other officer of the peace, enr ter into every place belonging to, or hfed by, every manufacturer of or dealer in tobacco or snuff, and take an account of the quantity and quality of all tobacco, tobacco /balks, Spa-nish, tobacco llalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff .work, to-bacco stalk flour, or snuff in his custody or possession.

Every manufacturer of and dealer in tobacco and snuff is to keep sufficient and justVcales and weights at the places where he shal( keep, manufacture, or deal in tobacco, snuff work, or snuff; and is also to permit any of the officers of .excise to ule the same, for the purpose of weighing any such articles, on pain of forfeiting the sum of tool. ; and any manufacturer or dealer using, or suffering to be used, any unjust or inflifficient feales or weights, shall forfeit the sum of 200I. and such feales and weights.

Every manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco or snuff, as often as required by the proper officer or officers of excise, is toaffift, with a sufficient number of his servants, to the utmost of his power, such officer or officers in taking an account of the articles above-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting the sum of 50I.

But no officer of excise is authorized to weigh any tobacco, tobacco llalks or snuff' work, whillt aflnally in the operation ofmanufacture, except such snuff work as any manufacturer shall intend to send out or receive by permit.

Unmanufactured tobacco, in the flatc of operation, is at ail times to be kept separate from manufactured tobacco, on pain of the forfeiture of 50I.

The officers of excise may take a sample or samples of any of the articles above-mentioned, in the pofl'ession of any ma-nufaflurer of, or dealer in, tobacco or snuff, paying for the same (if demanded) the value, or usual price; and any manufacturer or dealer obstructing any officer in taking any fam-plc or samples, upon his paying for the same (if demanded) forfeits the sum of tool.

If any officer of excise shall discover any increase, not legally accounted for, in the flock of any of the articles above-mentioned,1 above the quantity of each fort found by the officer at any preceding survey, so much of the flock as shall be found increased becomes forfeited, and a quantity equal to 4 D the

5yo Tobacco,

the increased quantity may be seized by any of the officefs of excise; and the manufacturer or dealer, in whose Sock the increase was found, forfeits the sum of 20I.

29 G. 3. r. 63. Any manufacturer removing, or caufingto be removed, any tobacco or snuff, from any of his entered premises, before the same has been weighed and taken an account of by the proper officers of excile, or hiding, or procuring to be hidden, any tobacco or snuff from the fight of such officer or officers, forfeits the sum of 50I.

No tobacco (not being returns of tobacco) of four pounds weight or upwards, nor any snuff of two pounds weightor upwards, can be removed from one part of this kingdom to another, without a permit, on pain of the forfeiture of such articles, together with the packages containing the same, and the cattle, boats, and carriages used in the removal thereof.

When any licensed manufactuer or dealer has occasionu remove any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, from his entered premises, the proper officers of the district are, tyithout fee or reward, upon request, to give a signed permit in writing, ci. preffsng the ciffinct weight of such articles, with the names of the persons from whom the same is to be removed, and the names of the persons to whom, and the place to which the same is to be removed ; and in such permits, the time witch which such articles shall be removed, and the time within which they snail be received, shall be limited.

It is not unlawful for any manufacturer of snuff to fendfe; sale, by permit, any snuff manufactured by him, fromanj part of this kingdom, to any other part thereof.

When any person shall offer any of the articles above-mer,-tioned to sale, without having a permit for the same, or svhia any hav.ker or other person, trading from town to town, u from noule to house, cither on foot or with any cattle, M offer any of the said articles to sale, although with a permit, the person or persons to whom the same shall be offered, ms; seize all such articles, and carry them to the next custom 0: excise warehouse, and bring the offenders before the nextjif-tice of the peace, who shall commit them to prison ; and, af. ter the condemnation of the articles so seized, and the con-mitment of the offender, the of of the custoros e excile are to pay the same rewards to such persons as tyoul! be due to any officers making such seizure ; and, if dciitt:, are to pay, before the sale of the articles, the sum of 3d. fc; every pound of such articles so seized, upon a certificate frea the justice of the offender or offenders being committed U prifun ; and after the sale of such articles, the monies so advanced are to be repaid out of the, produce of such sale.

Any person counterfeiting, or procuring to be counterfeited, any permit for the removal of any of the articles before-mec-

tior.ed.

Tobacco.

tionedj or altering or erasing any untrue permit, or knowingly publishing or using any permit ib counterfeited, fainted, or altered, forfeits the sum of 500I.

When any officer of excise shall have cause to suspect that .5 any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, which shall be unlawfully imported, or shall be forfeited under this or any other act of parliament, is concealed in any place, then, if such place is within the cities of London or Westminster, or of the chief office of excise in London, he is to make oath before any two of the commissioners of excise, or in any other part of Great-Britain, before some justice of the district, setting forth the ground of his suspicion; and the person or persons before whom such oath shall be made, may, by special warrant or warrants, authorize the officer or officers, by day or by night, but if in the night, in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter' into the fufjpefted premises, and seize and carry away such articles so concealed, with the packages; and the person, obstructing such officer or officers, or the persons ailing in their affiltance, shall forfeit the sum ; of tool.

1 Any of the officers of excise may go on board any ship or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coall, and may continue on board and fearc1i for all tobacco and fnulf, and may seize all such articles as shall be forfeited, with the packages, and also the relfel, if the same shall be forfeited on account of such articles.

Any person alfaulting, refilling, or obstructing any of the officers of cultoms or excise in the execution of this or any other act relating to tobacco llalks, tobacco, or fnulf; or after thcafeizure of any forfeited goods, refeuing, or causing the same to be refeued, or attempting so to do, shall forfeit (where no other penalty is particularly provided by this act) the sum of 200!.

Any person giving, or offering, any bribe, recompence, or reward, to any of the officers of culloms or excise, to connive j at or permit any tobacco, fault' work, or snuff, to be run on fiiorc; or to connive at any false entry; or giving or offering any such bribe, in order to prevail upon any such officers to do any thing contrary to their duty, shall forfeit the sum of 500I.

Any person taking a false oath, where an oath is required by this act to be taken, incurs the pains and penalties of

perjury.

No person, any way intcrclled in the business of manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, can aft as a justice of peace in any thing relating to this act; and all acts done by fitch persons are void,

4 D 2

57*

(?. 3. e. 68.

Penalties

57.2 Tobacco.

G (;. Penalties and forfeitures created and imposed by this act 'J' and to be sued for by order of the commissioness of the customs, or by any officers of the customs, are to be sued for and recovered, except where otherwise directed by this act, in the same manner as penalties and forfeitures. for other offences agiinft the customs.

And penalties and forfeitures sued for by order of the commissioners of the excise, or by any officers of the excise, are to be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, according to the laws of excise; or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, ia any of the courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and one half of every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall go the king, and one half to the informer, except where otherwise directed by this act.

The duties and drawbacks (ettled by this act are to be le-ried and paid (except where any alteration is made by this act) in the same manner as formerly; and all tobacco and fnuir are to be liable to the rellriftions and forfeitures settled by any acts relating to the revenues of the customs, as formerly, except where the same are altered by this act: and all the laws of excise, except where other provisions are made by this act, are to be in force with respect to tobacco and fnuir.

The 24 G. 2. e. 41. — 26 G. 2. c. 13. — 23 G. 3. e. 11. — 23 G. 3. c. Si. — and 26 G. 3. c. 13. — as far as they relate to tobacco and snuff, are repealed.

All actions brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance of this act, are to be commenced within three months after the thing done, and are to be laid in the proper county; and the defendants in such actions may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and in case of a verdict for the defendants, or if the plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue, or suffer judgement upon demurrer, or otherwise, the defendants shall have treble costs.

1

INDEX

INDEX

TO THE

ACTS OF 23 GEORGE' III.

A

UCTIONS. Complaints of void sales to be in a year; in some cases in three months

Page

made

5°S

BRITISH WINES. Retailers subject to beer licences., id.

CHIMNEY SWEEPERS. Apprentices may be put

ont by parirti officers — — id.

Not to be under eight years old — — id.

Children of parents chargeable, or themselves charge-

able or beggars — — — id.

Parents.' consent necessary — — id.

Bound to 16 years — — ' — id.

Age to be taken from the parish register — 506

Certificate signed by the minister, without a Ramp - id. Justices where no copy of register is to be found, to

judge of the age — — id.

Form of the indenture in the act — — id.

Indentures for boys under eight years old void — id.

Penalty for taking them younger — — id.

Overfeors alone have the power in this act of churchwardens and overseers — — id.

One of more justice or justices may hear complaints id.

Number of apprentices limited to fix — id.

Brass plate on a leathern cap — — id.

Penalty for neglect — — — id.

Ill treatment of apprentice how punished — 507

No apprentice to be let out to hire — id.

Hours of calling the ftrccts limited — id.

Convictions before one justice or more — id.

Forfeitures to be levied by dillrcfs — id.

Penalties half to the informer, half to the poor id.

For

574

INDEX,

Page

For want of distress, imprisonment -a- ; at J07

Warrant of distress six days after conviction — id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next general or

quarter sessions — — 508

Form of indenture — — — . id.

Form of justices' approbation — — 510

CURATES' LICENCES Free from ilamps in certain

cases — — _ id,

FRAME WORK KNITTERS refilling to fe-dciivef

a borrowed frame — — id.

Forfeiture or imprisonment — — 511

Selling an hired frame, fiUtary imprisonment — id.

Purchasers liable to the same — — id.

Cutting and destroying frames, how punished — id.

JUSTICES in the COUNTRY. Justices may aa for

two counties, residing in either — 51:

Constables, &c. bound to obey their warrants — id.

----- ----- - — may convey prisoners to justices, tho' not

in the county — — — id;

Sheriffs, &c. may convey offenders thro' one county

to the gaol of another — — id.

Justices for counties may aa within a city which is a

county of itself — — id.

Not to intermeddle with justices for a city or towns

in matters arising within such city, &c. — id.

MILITIA PAY, &c. Four months' pay to be issued in advance -- — —

One penny for hospital expences — —

Pay for cloathing of serjeants and drummers —

Money to be paid by receiver of land tax —

Regimental clerk to account annually —

----- ----- ----- --- may retain money for his own salary

The days of exercise, Sec. to be certified to the receiver general — —

Receiver to issue the pay — —

While the troops are in service, the pay from the receiver general ceases — —

Bonds to be given by regimental clerks, &c. —

Accounts of receipts and disbursements —

Penalties and colis where recovered —

Oath of reduced horse guards — —

id. 5idl

id.

id.

5H

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

S')

PAWN-

I N. D E X,

S7S

PAWNBROKERS. 28 G. 3, c. 50.

Clauserespecting justices'decifton of disputes repealed 516

QUARANTINE. Penalties on mailers and commanders falsifying reports — ; — id,

REGISTER of FREEHOLDS. This act suspended.

SOLDIERS. Doubts settled about quartering, &c. 520

Rates for victualling and for horses — 521

Fofm of conviction for refusal -7- — id.

SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS. 28 G. 3. -c. 27.

Monies paid under the act 27 G. 3. e. 30. to be returned in certain cases — — 522

STAGE COACHES. Number of outside passengers

limited — — — id.

Penalty for offences — — id.

Owner liable, when driver cannot be found ' S25

Penalty on constable neglecting duty — id.

Penalties how distributed — — id.

Form of summons — — — id*

Information — — 5H

Form of conviction — 7 — — ' id.

THEATRES LICENSED. Licences under certain restrictions — — — 52S

Granted at general or quarter sessions — id.

Majority of justices necedary — > — id.

Notice of three weeks < — — id.

THREAD made up in OUNCES, &c. Size of reels limited — r — — 5*6

Size of hanks, &c. — — id.

Cover to be Ramped — 7 — — id.

Stamps counterfeited — -penalty — — T id.

Offences to be heard by two justices — id*

Justices may mitigate penalties — — id.

Witnesses refusing to appear — -r* 5=7

WOOL, SHEEP, &c. Vessel conveying live Iheep out of the kingdom forfeited — i id.

Diet for crew and passengers excepted — id.

Forfeitures to the feizer — id.

Exporters of wool, &c. solitary iroprisonment ; id* Woo!

INDEX.

Page

S

id.

Wool to be carried coastwifemuitbe entered Certificate to a justice or revenue officer - —

Three days' notice of removal of wool —

Wool, &c. brought to sea-shore to be exported, may be seized — — —

Wool for Jersey, Sec. may be exported from South-. amptoa — — —

Limitation of quantity — > — -

Penalty on Southampton officer allowing more —

Bond from persons in Kent and Sussex —

Permit of wool lhorn in Kent and Suflcx —

Penalty for altering licence or certificate —

Time of removal of wool, Sec. — — .

Worsted yarn to be marked on the parcel —

The word WOOL to be on all packages —

Wool may be returned by justices —

Penalty 6d. per pound — —

Fraudulent packing, how punished —

Persons aiSfting, to 6c punished as exporters — Mailer-packer or others informing, entitled to the wool fraudulently packed Wharfingers to enter into bond not to offend against this act — — —

Wharfingers to give an account of wool received Who shall be permitted to seize sheep, wool, &c. Constable or officers refusing to attend —

Opposers of officers how punished —

Offers of bribes ho.v punished — —

Mode of prosecuting at the choice of the informer Justices at quarter sessions may order vessels, &c. to be sold — — —

Penalties (except bonds) how to be applied —

One justice may commit offenders —

Officer shall enter into recognizance to prosecute Offender not having sufficient for the penalties, to be committed — — —

Justices may accept sufficient security — r

Appeals to quarter sessions on notice within 14. days after conviction — — i.

Justices mav summon witnesses — — i

Actions to be tried by a jury of freeholders — i. Jury not of the county where the fact was committed 1 Prosecution within three years — __ ii

The first three offenders informing, shall be exempt from penalties — — — i,

Owners of veiTcis, ic. informing within three months, how to be rewarded — — 5;

I'enaltits

id.

id.

5.29

id.

id.

id,

5)3

id.

id,

id.

id.

id.

id.

53'

— id.

INDEX,

Page

Penalties for deceitful winding wool increased — .

Offences may be determined by on'e jnflice — id.

Deceitful winding whether on winder or feller — id.

Appeal to next general or quarter sessions — ' id.

No conviction shall be set aside for want of form jjj Oath to be taken by. winders of wool — id.

Actions to be commenced within six months — id.

In what cases the claim of colts shall not be granted id.

577

4e

INDEX

I

N

D

E X

TO THE

ACTS OF 29 GEORGE III.

Psje

GAOLS. Certificate of their (late — 54;

' When to be read in open court, in the presence of the grand jury — — id.

Justices in session to make orders relative to gaols id.

i'enalty on gaoler refusing to deliver such certificate id.

Particulars contained in certificate — id.

Gaoler to make a return — — 546

HAWKERS and PEDLARS. Former duties repealed id. AS of 9 y 10 W. 3. revived — — id.

Two duties of 4I. and 4.I. — — 547

Ko hawker Ihsll open a room or Ihop in any town,

which is not his usual place of abode — id. Every hawker at the time of receiving licence to pay

duties — — id.

Licence subscribed by two of — id.

Certificate from the parish before licence — id.

Form of such certificate — — id.

Lisexsed Hawker or Pedlar tobeinferted 54$ Penalty on hawker dealing in smuggled goods id.

----- -on refusing to produce the licence — 54)

----- -on forging or producing a forged licence id.

----- -: on trading with a hired or borrowed licence id.

Hawker without a licence may be seized — id.

llow to be disposed of — — id.

Justice's duty in this case — — jjJ

Penalty on constable refusing to assist — id.

Penalty on opening room or shop within two miles of

a city or town . — — id.

Kot to extend to public markets or fairs — id.

LicenM

INDEX.

Licensed hawkers offending shall he punished as the unlicensed — —

Privileges to hawkers licensed 1 ft of May, 1789 Wholeialc traders not deemed hawkers —

To what traders this act does not extend — -

Penalties how recovered and applied —

Twenty pounds and under before one justice —

No commitment for more than three months — Persons aggrieved may appeal, to the next general quarter sessions — —

Form of conviction — —

J ustices to pay in the penalties at the next general quarter sessions — —

And transmit a copy or schedule to the of All the powers of the act of W. ?. shall be exercised by this act —

Penalties on witnesses refnfing to appear and give evi dence —

To whom the duties shall be paid Verdict for defendants entitle them to full colts

Page

55 > id. id. id.

v*

id.

id.

id.

553-

id.

— id.

— id.

579

5.55

id.

id.

id.

id.

t

— id.

iORSES and CARRIAGES additional Duty.

Where two are kept for riding or drawing -Where three, four, or five are kept Where fix or more are kept — -

Additional duty on one, two, and three carriages What horses are exempted — .

Hirers to pay the duty on horses let out for drawing

coaches per month, &c. — — id.

These duties are payable by such as are licensed to let pod horses — —

No licence to act as a horse dealer, except to such as

get their living by it — > — id.

How horse dealers may be assessed — id.

The duties to be paid quarterly — . id.

How the duties are to be applied — — id.

The new duties to be assessed as former onos — 557

The same of to put this act in execution id. Meetings of the of — — id.

Oath of ditto — — id.

Commissioners to give notice to the afTcflors — . id.

Who may aft, where no assessors arc appointed — 558

Oath of assess'or, surveyor, or inspector — id.

Penalty for acting without taking the oath — . id.

How the duties shall be assessed — id.

The dates of the assessment — — id.

Duties on carriages with two or three wheels — id.

4 E z How

INDEX.

Pag"

How the penalties are to be levied ' HO

Treble costs to persons filed, if the verdict is given . in their favour — — id,

LICENCES for DEALERS in BRANDY.

Act of 27 G. 3. levies furas on licences — id.

This act relieves such as have paid' — id.

Pine on persons dealing in brandy without licence 56:

PAWNBROKERS. The progress and proportion of

rates by this act — — id.

In all things else this afi is the same with 27 G. 3.

STAMP DUTIES on WILLS, &c.

Additional duties on probates of wills, dec. — id.

Not to extend to the wills of soldiers and sailors 561 Under whole management are these duties — id.

One stamp to indicate former and present duties id.

Undamped vellum, &c. to be damped at the head

cilice — — id.

Allowance to be made as by former acts — id.

Stamps may be altered and renewed. — id.

Counterfeiting damps capital felony — id.

The powers of former acts applicable to this — id.

How the duties are to be applied — id.

Treble costs to the defendant, if the verdict is obtained — — id;

TOBACCO. Vessels from America with tobacco to be registered and marked — — 56:

Conditions under which Irish tobacco may be imported — — id.

Penalty on tobacco unduly imported, from Odh 10,

1-90 — — id.

A msr.ifell to be produced by commander — id.

Penalty on opening hatchways when fattened down by the ohicer — — y\

Forfeiture of vcili-l, Src. on breaking bulk — id.

Penalty on landing tobacco, &c. without a warrant id. hi curings fcr tobacco ships :o be appointed by com-

xr.imnners of customs — i--

A true entry to be then m-ice at the caftom-house U* Aftcrv/anii with the collector of the customs or ex-

cite — — 5-'r

Entry of tcbacco, fee. brought by coast cocquct or

permit — — a

Eat:?

I N : D E X.

Page

Entry of tobacco or snuff, the place whence imported, i &c. to be made ' ' — ' . — - 56+

Tobacco, &c. from wrecked vessels how to be dif-

posed of — — id.

No case of tobacco to be unshipped till marked . id. Snuff to be weighed and marked as tobacco . — id.

'l imes for clearing tobacco and snuff out of warehouse, 56; Entry of premises for manufacturing, &c. — . . id.

Who arc qualified to make such entry — id.

Inscription on the door — — id.

Penalty on making such inscription without making ' an entry — — id.

Within what limits tobacco and snuff are to be manu-

faflurcd — — 566

Places entered before July 5, 1789, may be used id. A true account on oath of the quantity in hand on

Sept. 50, 17S9 — — id.

Entry of engines by manufacturer — id.

Licences to be taken out for manufacturing or dealing

in tobacco or snuff — — id.

Rates of licences — — j67

To be removed yearly 10 days before expiration of

twelve months — — id.

Licensed manufacturers need not take out licences to

deal in tobacco or snuff — id.

Partners need not take out more than one licence id. Notice of dripping tobacco to be given at the office of excise — — 56S

Penalty on adulterating with walnut leaves, &c. id.

fraudulent manufacturing how punished — id.

Uifenders to be taken before one or more justice id.

The julliccs'duty thereupon — — id.

Officers of excise may enter at all times — 569

Manufacturers and dealers,to keep just weights and

fcalcs — — id.

Officers are to aliift in taking account — id.

Tobacco, Sec. not to be weighed in the operation id. Except snuff work sent out or received by permit id.

Penalty on mixing unmanufactured with manufactured

tobacco — — id.

Officers may take samples, paying the value, if required — r — r id.

forfeiture of increase not legally accounted for — id.

farther penalties — — 570

Penalty on removing before weighing — id.

Not more than ,plb. of tobacco or alb. of snuff, to be

removed without permit — id.

Permits

INDEX.

Permits to be granted without fee or reward — j-o

Manufacturers may fend any snuff for sale by permit id.

Hawkers or traders felling without permit — id.

Duty of the next justice — — id.

Persons making feiaures how rewarded — id.

Penalty on counterfeiting or altering permit — 571

Officers' duty suspecting concealed tobacco or fnuif id.

Penalty on hindering a search — id.

Officers of excise may go on board ships within certain limits — .-id.

Penalty on obstructing officers — id.

Penalty on offering bribes — — id.

Pains and penalties of perjury on every false oath id,

No manufacturer or dealer can aft as a justice upon

this act — — id.

Penalties and forfeitures to be sued for by of of the customs are to be recovered as for other offences against the customs — 57)

Ditto sued for by order of of of excise, to be recovered, levied, and mitigated according to the laws of excise — — id.

Half the penalty to the king, half to informer id.

Duties and drawbacks to be levied by this act as formerly, except where any alteration is specified id.

"What acts are hereby repealed — id.

Actions to be brought within three months — id.

Treble costs to defendants, if judgment should go in their favour — — id,

Preceded

C i 3

Precedents and Forms of WArrantsj Summonses, Recognizances, and Informations,

No, i. A SUMMONS of a Master on Complaint of an APPRENTICE.

To the cottftable of in the said county

If HE 6' E are to require you on fight hereof to fumnion A. B. of your parish of personally to appear before

me, orfeme other of his majfly's juf ices of the peace for the said county, at (kck in the

at of the

..... noon, to answer to such things asshall

it otjcfted againf him by C. D. his apprentice, for mifufing him, fcV. (as the case is)

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

N. B. Tin are also tofummen the said apprentice to appear before me at the same time, to make good his complaint

No. The same Form of SUMMONS if an APPRENTICE oil Complaint of his Mafier, mutatis mutandis.

\ A No. 3.

E 3

No. 3. SUMMONS of the MASTER by two Jujiica,

The same as No. 1. only putting us far me, and our bands, cuc. far my band, &c.

No. 4. WARRANT from two fuflices agdinfi a difardcrly APPRENTICE.

The same as No. 1. changing the numbers only.

No. 5. APPRENTICE'S Commitment by two Ju/lices.

~yTo the coniiable of in the said

and to the keeper of the house of correction at

5

in the said

JffH E R E AS complaint bath been made before us '' two of his majeslfs ju/lices of the peace in aid

for the said upon the oath of

of in the said That

apprentice to the said hath committed dm:

mifiemcanors against him the said his.majkr,

and particularly

Ad whereas upon due examination thereof, and upon hairing and duly confdering the allegations of both parties dppcor-ing before us for that purpose, he the said Jlands convicted before us of the said offence: IFc do that-fore hereby command you the said constable, to take and convey the said to the said house of corrcltisr.,

and to deliver him to the said keeper thereof, together will this our warrant: And we do hereby command you the fid keeper of the said house of correction, to receive the fid into your custody, in the said house of csr-

redhe,

V

I -iii 1

rtShn,. there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour for the space of* from the date hereof.

Given under our hands, and feats- the day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and.

Not exceeding one calendar month.

No. 6. APPRENTICE'S Discharge by two Justices, if the apprentice Fee. did not exceed £ 5. otherwise by four Jufices at the leaf, 1 Q.

POMP LAI NT having been made before us E. F. and G. H. two of his majesty's justices of the "peace in and for the said' by C. D. apprentice to A. B. of the parish of in the said of abuse and

ill-treatment from his .mafier towards him . the said apprentice, and particularly and the said A. B.

having appeared [or perhaps not having appeared] agreeably to our summons, but not having cleared himself of the said charge brought against him. We do hereby, discharge him the said C. D. from his apprenliceship with A. B. any thing contained in the indenture between them, or otherwise bswfoiver, to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under our hands and seals this day of

No. 7. Form of a Warranter an ASSAULT. To the constable of'

POMP LA I NT having been made before me

one of his majesty's justices of the pi in and for the said V-_t upon the oath of

‘f

in the said ' in the said

+ A 2

that did on the

race

day

[ fr ]

day of violently ajfault and beat h the fold

at aforesaid, in the said

These are in his majesty's name to require you forthwith to apprehend the said and to bring b before me to answer to the said complaint, and to be further dealt with according to law. Given under my band and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 8. Voluntary .Cmfedion of a single Woman, before th Birth of a Ballard Child.

H D of the parish of in the said

single woman, appeared voluntarily before mi one of his mayfly's justices of the peace in and for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord Atfl being examiml

on oath, foe faith that Jhe is with child., and that the foil child is likely to be born a bastard.and to be chargeable t) the parish of aforesaid, and that C. D. of the

parish of in the county of is the falhtt

of the said bastard child.

$igned IB

Taken andsigned the day and year abovewritten.

Before me

No. 9. Warrant fir apprehending the reputed Father eft Bastard before its Birth,

7 To the constable of i in the said

JJf HEREAS A. B. of in the said

fmgle woman, hath voluntarily made oath this day of before me one of his majijlf

justices of the peace in and for the said that fa

' ' it

C V ]

it y/ilh child, and that the said child is likely to he horn 0 bafiard, and to be chargeable to the of

in the said and that in the said

did beget the said child on the body of her the said And whereas one cf

the cvcrfeers of the poor if the of

aforejirtl, in order to indemnify the said in the premises, hath applied to me fir this my warrant to apprehend the said I therefore hereby require you

immediately to apprehend the said and to bring

him before me or same other of his said majesty's justices of the peace fir the said either to enter into bond,

with efficient sureties to indemnify the said parish, or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next general ftjfims of the peace to he holden for the said there

it abide by what the court fail order, in pursuance of an act if ) 8 Eliz. concerning bastards. Given under my band anifeal this day of in the year of our

Lord one thousand fiven hundred and

No. io. Examination of the Mother of a BASTARD after its Birth.

X A Ti of parish of in the said J fmgle woman, being examined on oath bfore

me [w us if more than] one of his majesifs justices of the peacefir the said this day of

in the year of our Lord faith, that on the day of now lafi pafl, Jhe the said A. B.

was delivered if a bafiard child, in the parish of

and that the said child is likely' to become chargeable to the said- parish of and that C. D.

of did get her with child of the said bafiard c}>ild.

Signed A. B.

Taken and signed the day and year above-written,

Before me or ys

No. n.

r yi ]

No. ii. Warrant for apprehending the reputed Father tf ft BASTARD after the Birth.

7 To the constable of 5 in the said

TTf HEREAS A.B. of inthesaid

fmgle woman, hath declared on oath before me one tf his majeslfs justices of the peace in and for the said that on the day of now lafipaft,

Jhe was delivered at in the said of a

bajiard child., and that C. D. of the parifisf is the father thereof and that the said bajlarl child is likely to become chargeable to the said And whereas one of the overfttn

of the poor of the said of

aforesaid, in order to indemnify the said parish in tit premisses, hath applied to me for this my warrant, to appro, bend the said I do therefore hereby rapart

you immediately to apprehend the said and h

bring him before me, or same other of his majeslfs jujliat of the peace for the said either to enter inti

bond, with Jujpcient sureties, to indemnify the said parish, or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next gourd feffmuof the peace to be holden for the said there to abide ly what the court shall order, in ptirfudmt ij an ail cf 18 Elizabeth, concerning bastards. Given unit! my band and seal this day of in theyter

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 12. Form of a Recognizance in a Cafe tf BASTARDY.

->T)E it remembered, that on the 5. in the year of our Lord

day of

AS

of the parish of in this county, yeoman, mi

C. D, of the same, husbandman, personally appeared bifsn me one of the justices of our sovereign lord lit

king assigned to keep the peace within the said

ml

E vii j

end did acknowledge so owe to our sovereign lord the king as fillnvs: vie. the said A. B, twenty founds, and C. D. ten. pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to he severally levied on their goods and chattels, lands, and tenements for the use of our said sovereign lord the king, his heirs, and fnccejjhrs; if the said C. D. shall make default in the performance of the condition here underwritten^

IVbereas of the parish of in the said single woman, &t. &c. [here either tran-

feribe No. 8. if before the birth, or No. io, if after, to the Words bafiard child : then add] The condition of this recognizance is such, that if the above bounden C> D. shall per-fnally appear bejote his majesty's justices of the peace at the next general - sessions of the peace to be holdeit Jor

the said and there answer to all such things as

shall be objetled against hint, ori account of the said. : ww with-child [or lately delivered'] of a bafiard child, begotten by him the said C. D. and shall there, abide .by. what 'the court shall order, touching the premijjes, then this recognizance shall he void, or else remain in full force. ' '

Acknowledged before me.

No. 13. A Mittimus of the reputed Father of a BASTARD Child.

I To the constable of and to the keeper

a of in the said

TAJ HERE AS of the parish of

' single woman hath appeared before me and declared upon oath that fic is with child (or was lately delivered) of a bajlarel child j and upon her oath hath charged of the parish of in the said county,

with having begotten the said child, and also that the said hajiard child is likely to become chargeable to the said parish of And whereas the said being now

per-

[ via ]

personsally present before me, by virtue if my warrant, ijfuii fir apprehending him the said either cannot, or

will net findfujpeient fiureties to indemnify the said parish of ' or enter into recognizance to appear at the next

general fcssions f the peace, and there abide bj

what the court Jbali oraer, touching the premisses, in purftt-ante of the act of l 8 Eliz. concerning bastardy.

These are therefore to require you the said constable of

on fight hereof to convey the said to thi

gaol aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be (7 him kept, until he shall find sufficient sureties, as aforesaid, it shall be ddfiharged by due course of law. Given under vq

band and seal this day of

No. 14. Warrant from the two next Justices for the Milker, with a Summons for the reputed Father of e BASTARD Child, to make the Order of Maintenance.

7 To the Constable of

TfPON the complaint of the overseers of the poor of th ^ parish of in the county of ad

also upon the oath of of the said parish, fief

woman, that Jbe was delivered of a bastard child, 'il

the said parish, on the day of and that

of the parish of in the said county, is the father of th

said child, and that the said bajiard child is now living, aid likely to become chargeable to the said parish, before us two of his majestys Justices of the peace in and for the fed county, one whereof is of the quorum, and both of us reftih' in or next unto the limits where the parish church of in the said county Jlandeth

We the said Justices do hereby command you to bring bfn us at in the said county, on the'

day of at in the . n:'.\

her the said . to he further examined by us rtfpS-

hi

my the premises j and that you also give notice thereof unto him the said that he likewise may be there at

the same time to make his defence; that we having examined the cause and circumstances thereof may take such order therein as to right doth appertain: and what you jhdtt do in the execution hereof you shall make known to us at the time and place aforcfatd. Given under our hands and seals this day of

No. 15. An Order for the Maintenance of a BASTARD Child.

-if HE order of and two of

J ^ his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said aunty (I Q.) and both ref ding next to the limits where the parish church of in the said county fandeth, made

the day of in the year

upm the complaint of the overseers of the poor of the said parish of concerning a bafard childj

which was born of the body of single woman, in

the said parish of On the

day of now laf pajf; which said bafard child

is likely to be chargeable to the said parijli of we the said justices having examined the said on her oath, and having duly considered the circtimfances of the case, do hereby adjudge that of the parish of

labourer, is the father of the said bafard child: end thereupon we do order as well for the maintenance of the J'aid child, as for the relief of the said parish of that the said shall forthwith pay to the said over-

seers of the poor of the said parish, or to same or one of them the sum of for and towards the lying in of the said and the maintenance of the said bafard child

to the time of making this our order. And we do also hereby further order, that the said fall likewise pay or cause to be paid to the said overseers and their successors, or to '.me or one of them, the sum of weekly and every

neck from the present time towards the maintenance of the iid bastard child, so long as the said bafard child shall be t B charge-

[ 3

chargeable to tiesaidpsrifo of In case the shall not nurse and take care of the said child herfetf. Given under our hands and fcals the day and year first above written.

No. 16. Form of COMMITMENT in general.

? To the confkble of

i and to the keeper of in the said county.

TJ/HERE A S is notv before me

one of his may fly's j of ices of the peace in and fsr the said county, charged upon oath with (as the case my

hj

T/ecfe are to require you the said constable in his said niffy's r.anu, forthwith to convey and deliver into the c::j\oiiy of the .keeper cf ibe said the lady of

And you the said keeper ere hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in the said

Herein fail you not. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord one

ihcufr.dfever, hundred and

No. i". An Award of COSTS.

7 r\ A7 the complaint cf of the parish of

\ in the said again'ft cf

in the' . of ref if for (as the case may

i e) ouhich said complaint was heard and the matter deter-

mined tejcrc me, on I

the

day of

I one of his majeslfs jtiftices of the peace

in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance of an

net made in the ckl teenth year of his majesty King George

the

i » 3

the Third, intituled, An act for the payment of cods to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. &c. &c. do award the following njls to he paid by viz. the fwn of

Given under ?ny hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 18. Form of a JVarrant to distress for

costs;

7 To the condable of and to all other his

i majesty's condables in and for the said

J/Jf HEREAS I one of his majesty's

jnfices of the peace in and for the said in put-fiance of an act made in the eighteenth year of his majesty King George the Third, entituled, An act for the payment of cods to parties, &c. &c. &c. did on the day of on the complaint of,

against for (as the case may be) award the

following cojls to be paid by viz. the sum of

And whereas the said hath neither paid, nor >

given security for the same to my satisfaction, These are therefore to command you, or feme one or other of you, to levy the said sum of by dif.refs and jale of the

goods and chattels of, the said And I do hereby

order anis.direct the said goods and chattels so distrained to be sold and disposeel of within days, tinlefs the said sum of together with the reasonable charges

attending stich distress shall be paid within that. time: And you are hereby required to certify to me what you shall have done by virtue of this my warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our

Lord

t B 2

No. )Q.

E Hi j

No. 19. Form if Commitment for want of Distress fir

COSTS.

7 To the constable of

i and also to the keeper of the house of correction at in the said

TJf HEREAS in pursuance of an a3 made in ill ' " eighteenth year of the reign of his majesty Xing Gary the Thirds intituled, An act for the payment of cods to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. &c. &c. I one of his

mayfly's justices of the peace in and for the said did

issue my warrant of dflrefs and salt, directed to the conjldltif ordering the said confable to levy the ftimtf if the goods and chattels of fir

ike payment of the costs awarded by me as therein is set firth: And whereas it appears to me by the return of corf able of dated the day of that he hath made diligent search, but cannot fid any goods and chattels of the said by dislrijs

and sale whereof the said sum of may be leviid

pursuant to the said warrant: These are therefore to command you the find constable of to apprehend thi

said and convey the said to th

said house of correction: And. these are also to command ju1 the said keeper of the said house of correction, to receive th said and there to keep to hard labour fir th

space of from the date hereof or until fuel

sum of together with the expellees attending th

commitment of the said to the said house of ca-

rectior.) be first paid, or until the said he dif

charged by due course of law. Given under my hand cnJ seal at the day of

in the year of our Lord

No. jo.

f U

No. 20. Form of EXAMINATION of a Person accused.

r 'T'HE examination of oftheparish,

I ^ of in the said

taken before me (or us, if more thgn) one of

i is majesty's jt/slices of the peace in and for the said the day of in the year of our ford one thousand[even hundred and

The said king charged before with

faitl^ That

No. 2i. Form of a Warrant on Suspicion ^FELONY,

To the constable of

VORAS MUCH as of

in the county hath this day made informa-

tim and complaint upon oath, before me me of his majesfs justices of the peace for the said that divers goods of him the said that is Jo say,

have been felonmfy taken, and carried away from

in the aforesaid 5 and that he hath

juf cause to suspeSt and doth suspeSI, that late of in the didfelonioufyJleal, take,

and carry away the same: These are therefore in his majeslfs name JlriSly to charge and to command you forthwith to apr prebend him the said and to bring him before me,

or feme other of his majesfs justices of the peace for this county, to answer to the said information and complaint, and to be further dealt with as the law direfis. Herein fail not. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 22.

[ MV ]

No. 22. Form of Commitment for FELONY,

I

To the constable of and to the keeper of

in the said

JJf HEREAS is now brought before ini

being one if his majesty's justices assignd to keep the peace within the said and it doth appear

to me on the oath of that (as the case may be)

and that is justly fufpclied of the saidfelony

Theft are therefore to charge and command you forthwith to convey the said to the gaol aforesaid, and it-

liver him to the keeper thereof; who is hereby required l> receive into his custody, and there to keep

until the next general gaol delivery, or till he shall be theni( dfeharged by due course of law. Given under my hand c,r.l seal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 23. Form of Recognizance to indin for FELONY.

\ J) E it remembered that on the day of

i *- in the year of our Lorain A. B.oflk

parish of in this personally appml

before me one of his majesty's justices assigned to keep lit

peace within the said and did acknowledge to cut

to our sovereign lord the king the fmn of pounds of lawful money ef Great Britain, to be levied a his goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, for the ufcij cur said lord ike king, his heirs, and successors, if he ill said shall make default in the performance q

the condition here underwritten.

The condition of this recognizance is fuel), that if tit above-bour.den shall personally appear at tie

next general to be hclcleu at

:n and for the said and there prefer 1

till of indiBment against

t XV ]

1 against new or late of

for feloniously taking mi carrying away (as

the case may be) and shall then and there give evidence concerning the same, to the jurors who shall esquire thereof at the part of our said lord the king j and to the jurors that fall be on the trial of the said in case the same

be found a true bill, and shall not depart without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be. void, otherwise to remain in full force.

Acknowledged before me

N. B. These recognizances, as matters of record, are generally, but not always necessarily on parchment. And the party bound must he addressed by name, as acknowledged to be hereby indebted unto the king, &c. &c.

No. 24. Form of Recognizance to give Evidence in Case of

H E same as No.. 23. to the word [prefer] instead of which say, Then and there give evidence upon a Bill of

fir (as the case may be) And if the said bill shall be found a true bill, then if the said shall there give evi-

dence to the jurors that shall be on the trial of the said upon the said bill of indiBment, and shall not depart without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to k void, or else remain in full force.

FELONY.

indiBment to be exhibited by to the grand jury against

No. 2$.

Acknowledged before me.

[ J

No. 25. Information aga'mjt an unqualified Person for destroying GAME;

7 rT'H E h formation and complaint of

5 of in the county of

made before me one of his majeslfs justices if

the peace in and for the said the

day of in the year of our Lord one thousard

seven hundred and

JVho faithy 'That on the day of

in the year in the parish of

in the county aforesaid, of h

the county aforesaid did keep and use

to kill anddejlroy the game, he the said not being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do. M thereupon be the J,aid prayeth that the foil

may be summoned to answer the premises Lefirt me the justice aforesaid.

Bfore me

No. 26; Summons of an unqualified Perfen for dcjlrty ing GAME;

I

To the conihble of

JJf HEREAS information and complaint have been most '' before me one of his majesty's jujlict!

of the peace for the said that tj

in the county aforesaid on the

day of now last pafl, at the parifq of

in the county aforesaid, did keep and use to kill and defiroy the game, he the said i::t

being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do: These ort

[ icvii J

ihtrefore to require you forthwith to futnmoA the said

to appear before me at in the said

on the day of

at the hour of in the . noon,

to answer to the said information and complaint$ and to be further dealt with according to law. And you are required to be then present to certify what you Jhafl have done in the execution hereof. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 27. Warrant to levy the Fine on an unqualified Perform for destroying GAME.

j To the ionftable of the of

5 in the said

JJf HEREAS an information hath been laid before me '' one of his mayejly's justices of the peace in and for the said by of that on the day of A. B. of your parish did keep

and use in the parish of ' aforesaid

to kill and defray the game, he not being properly qualified fi to do; and whereas the said information is now proved on the oath of a credible wiiness to be true, whereby the said hath forfeited the sum of five pounds.

These are therefore to authorize and require you, on fight hereof, to levy the said sum of five pounds by difrefs and fate of the goods of the said ' returning to him

i the overplus on demand, charges of distraining being first. dedulied; which moneyj when levied, you are to deliver half I to the informer, and half to the overseers of the parish in which the offence was committed: Arid what you do herein you are to certify to me. Given under my hand and seal thit day of in the year

te

No.

[ xviii ]

No. 28. Warrant of Commitment of an unqualified Perfen, for defraying GAME.

7 To the constable of in the said

5 and to the keeper of the house of

correction at in the said

J/JfH E RE AS of the parish of

' is lawfully convicted before me

one of his mnjefy's justices of the peace for this of killing or defraying the game, be not being lawfully qualifiedfo to do; and has been ordered by warrant to pay fin pounds for his offence. And whereas the said bath not fifficient dislrefs whereon to levy the same, as appears on oath, These are therefore to require you, on fight hereof, h convey the said to the house of correc-

tion aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be ly him fiafely kept for the space of three months j this being fir the first offence. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year of our Lord

N. B. For die second offence four months.

No. 29. Form of Warrant for GOOD BEHAVIOUR.'

7 To the constables of in the said county,

i and to either of them.

VORASMUCH as of your said parish,

hath requit ed sureties of good behaviour before me

one of the justices of our Lord the king, efsigned to keep the peace within the said county, against of the so 'd parish, and withal both

taken h corpora! oath before me, that requireih the same not for any private malice, hatred, or evil wiil, but simply that is afraid that the fail

will do same bodily mifebiefi and that the said hath threatened to do ftiae

betlil)

[ xix ]

hilly mischief to the fold - or to hum

houses (as the case may be).- These are therefore in the name of our Lord the king, to charge and command you, that immediately upon fight hereof, you or one of you do bring the fold before me, to find fuss dent

sureties, as well for his personal appearance at the next general quarter fessions of the peace to be holdeu in and for the said county, as also that the said shall in the mean

time be of the good behaviour as well towards our said lord the king, as towards all his liege people, and especially towards the said

Dated at in the said county, the

day of in the year of the reign of our

said Lord George the Third, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, king, defender if the faith, and so forth.

No. 30. Form of Recognizancefor GOOD BEHAVIOUR.

7 fHE same as in No. 23. to the words — to be holden 5 in and for the said there to answer to fuels

things as shall be objected against him, and in the mean time shall be of the good behaviour towards his majesty and all his liege people, and not depart without leave of the court : then this recognizance to be void, or else to remain in full free.

N. B. This is generally on parchment.

No. 31. The Farm of appointment o/- SURVEY ORS of the HIGHWAYS.

f C 2

if

C 3

of the peace for the said balden at in

the aforesaid, the day of OSoler, in

the year Do hereby nominate and appoint

of the of

in the said to be furneyor of the highways jor tk

said for the year ensuing.

Given under our hands and seals the day and year above written.

No. 32. Complaint again/! defaulters on the

HIGHWAYS.

j'T'H E iiformation and complaint made this day by 3 ^ surveyor of the highways for the

of in the said Who tnakelh oath be.

fore me one of his mayfly's justices of th

peace in and for the said and faith, that

of aforesaid, was duly summoned

by him the said surveyor to find andfend on the

day of for the amending the highways

in the said (one or more teams, as the case my be.)

But that be the said not regarding th

summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf did neghS and make.default, and did not find andfend on the said day of for the amending tk

said highways as aforesaid', contrary to the statutes mail " For the amendment and preservation if the highways whereby he hath incurred a penalty of fir

the said offence.

Taken and Jwom the day of

Before me

No. 33.

[ xxi 3

No. 33.

I

To

A Summons of a Defaulter on the '

HIGHWAYS.

POMP LAI NT and Information having been made upon oath before me . one of his majesty's

justices of the peace in and for the said by

ftimyor of the highways for the

That you the said summoned by him the said the day of

highways in the said the case my be. )

. of in the said

were duly to find and fend on for the amending the (one or more teams, as

But that you the said not regarding the Jiimmons,

nor attending to your duty in that behalf, did neglect and make

on the said day of for the amending

the said highways as aforesaid: These are therefore to require

you personally to appear before at

in the said ' on the day of

at the hour of in the noon, to answer to the said complaint and information made by the said

who is likewise required to be then and there present, to make good the same. Given under my hand and feat, this day of

No. 34. A Warrant of Distress for neglect of Duty on the HIGHWAYS.

To the constable of of

in the

rT'H BSE are in his majeslfs name to command you to levy the sum of by distress on the goods

and chattels of of the parish of

in

[ xxii ]

in the said county, who is duly conviSed this day if

before me one f his majfly's justices

if the peace far the said county, upon the oath of.

a credible witness, for that he the said icing duly summoned by the surveyor of the

highways for the parish of aforesaid, to find and

fend, on the day of (one or more teams,

as the case may be) for the amendment of the highways in the said parish; but net regarding the summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf, did neglell and make default, and did not find andfend on the said day

cf toe said teams or men far the amendment if

the said highways, by reason whereof the said sum of

is forfeited, which he hath refused to pay. And if within four days after such dislrefs, the said sum, with oil reasonable charges of dj/lraining, fall not be paid, you art then to fell the said goods and chattels, and having paid the said sum of and also the said charges, you (ire is

return the overplus, on demand, to him the said And ifsufficient dislrefs cannot he found, you are to certify the same to me, together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and seal this, (Ac,

No. 3?. Information for Non-payment of an HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

7 A D surveyor of the highways for the parish of $AL,U* in the said county complaineth and mahth oath, before me. one of his majesty's jttfiices if

the peace for the said this ~ day if

in the year of our Lord Thai

of the parish if hath refused

and doth refuse a pay his ajfiffmcni or proportion towards th repair of the highways within the said amountin'

to the sum of the same having been lawfully

demanded by him the said surveyor. And that he the said hath not paid the said sum of nor any part thereof; contrary to the statutes made for th amendment and preservation of the highways.

Sworn before me the day and year above mentioned.

No 36.

[ xxiii ]

No. 36. Summons for not paying an HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

I To

J in the said

of the parish of

yj D surveyor of the highways for the parish of

in the county of having

made complaint and information upon oath before me me of his majesty's ju/lices of the peace in and for the said aunty, that you the said have refused ana do

ref life to pay to him the said surveyor your assessment or proportion towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting to the sum of the same

having been lawfully demanded of you by him the said

and that you the said not regarding

pour duty in this behalf have neglelied and dofill neglect to pay the said sum of or any part thereof contrary

to the statutes for the amendment and preservation of the highways: These are therefore to require you personally to oppear before at in the said county,

on the day of at

in the noon, to anfuter to the said

complaint and information made by the said who is likewise directed to be then and there prrfent, to make good the same. Herein fail not. Given under my hand and ftaltbis day of in the year

No 37. Form of a Warrant of Dislrcfs in default of Payment towards an HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

7 To the constable of in the parish of

5 in the said

A. B. of the parish of

fore me

in the said having been duly convicted beetle of his majesty's jnjlices of the peace

in

[ xxiv j

in and for the said fir that he the said

doth reficfe to say, and hath net yet paid his proportion or ajfijfment towards the repair of the highways within the faii amounting to the sum of which

far. hath been lawfulh demanded of the said by surveyor of the highways for the said

These are in his majestfs name to command you to levy the said sum of by distress of the goods arid chotuls

of the said And if within the spaee of four

days next after ftcb distress, the said sum, together with Ik reasonable charges of disiraining shall not be paid, that thin jon fell the said goods and chattels; and having paid the faii sum of to the saidftrveyor, for and towards the

repairing of the highways in the said out of the

money arising from such fade, that you return the overplus cn demand to him the said And if fijjicml

goods and chattels cannot be found whereon to levy the faiifum of an the said that then you certify

the same to me, together with this warrant-. Given under my hand and seal this day of

No. 38. Form of Commitment in Default of fiiflrcfsfora

HIGHWAY assessment.

To the constable of in the said

> and to the keeper of the in the

J said

A J) of the parish of in the said

having on the daysj

in the year been conviSti btfirt

me one of his majestfs justices of the peace it

andfir the said county, of having refused and Jlill refusing ti pay his proportion or assessment towards repairing the higl-ways within the said amounting to the sum ij

contrary to the statutes made " For the annulment and preservation of the highwaysAnd it hauiry been made appear to me on the oath of you the said conjiolii

‘I

[ xxr j

of that you have used your befi endeavours to

levy the said film on the goods and chattels of the said

at aforesaid, but could not find

Efficient distress whereon to levy the same:

These are to command you the said constable of aforesaid, to apprehend the said and him safely

to convey to the in the said county, and there

deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this precept. And 1 do hereby also command you the said keeper, to receive and keep in your custody the said till, he shall have paid the said sum of and the further sum

cf being the cofis and charges incurred by his

negleli in the premisses. For doing which this shall be your Efficient warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 39.. An INFORMATION in general.

1 rpH E information and complaint of 1 in the parish of in the county aforesaid,

taken and made bfore me one of his majesifs justices of the peace in and for the said aunty, this day of in the year

who on oath faith. That

Sworn before me

to be signed byihe informant.

No. 40. Form of Conviffion o/'filing by safe MEASURES

BE it remembered, that A. B. of the parish of I ^ in the said county cometh before me

one of hu majesty's jujlicts of the peace in and ' t ^ for

[ xxvi ]

for the said county., and maketh oath, that at

the day of last pajl did fell

not being agreeable to the standard measure (or weight) but less than the same, contrary to the statutes. I do therefore adjudge him the said guilty of the said

offence, and conviRed thereof as the law dir eels. Given under my hand and seal this day of in

the year

No. 41. Form of a Precept to the High Constable for ordain? Lijis of Persons to feme in the MILITIA to be returned.

7 To Gent, chief constable of

Iff E A. B. and C. D. Esqrs. deputy lieutenants, and ' E. F. and G. H. two of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, at our general meeting for that purpose assembled, do hereby require you to issue but your warrants to the several petty constables within your

according to the form hereon indorsed. Given under our hands and seals this day of

in the year

N. B. The Form of the Warrant to be indorsed is in the poffffon of the clerk of the meetings, and needs not to be infected here.

No. 42. The High Constable's Notice to the Petty Gmjlalks of the Number of Men liable to serve in the MILITIA.

T Do hereby require you to give notice to the several perfva within your constablewick liable to serve in the militia if the said that men are appointel

(by the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace for the fail at their subdivision meeting) to serve forth

fail

[ xxvii ]

fail! township; and that the next meeting fir chujing the fiid men by bt to'ferae in the said militia will be holdenat . in in the said on the day of in the year

No. 43. The High Confable's Warrant fir the Persons balbttedto be sworn and imoiled in the MILITIA.

7 To the constable of

'THESE are to require you to give notice to 1 an inhabitant within your constablewick, chosen by lot, at the subdivision meeting of the deputy-lieutenants and jttflices of the peace in and fir the said to serve in the

militia of the said county, that he appear at the in in the said on the day of then and there to take

the oath required and to be inrolled to serve in the said militia, as a private man fir the space of three years, or to provide a fit person to serve as his fubfitute, who if approved fall take the said oath, and be inrolled as aforesaid.

This notice you are to give unto him, or leave the same at his place of abode, at leaf seven days before the said

day of And be you then there to certify

what you fall have done in the pretmffes. Given under my hand this day of in the year of

out Lord

f D 2

No. 44.

[ xxviii ]

Jfo. 44. Summons of a MILITIA-MAN' ntglefling to lo sworn and inrolled,

I

To die constable of

INFORMATION and complaint upon oath having ban mad: before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that

late of in the aforesaid (not being

one if the people catted quakers) hath been duly chosen by lit to ferae as a private man in the militia of the said and that be bath bad due notice to appear at the fubdmifm meeting of the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace in and for the said county., to take the oath required, and to be in-rotted, or to provide a ft person to ferae as his fubfitute, and that he the said hath neglected to be fmorn and j

inrolled to Jerae in the said militia, and hath not provided any

fit person to feme as his fubfitute; these are to require ysu forthwith to funumn the said to appear before <

me at the in in the said on the day of at the hour

of in the noon, to answer to the said

complaint, and to foeto cause why the penalty of f 10. Jbouldmt be levied on the goods and chattels of the said for the said offence. Given under my hand and seal this day of . in the year

No. 45. Warrant to levy flO. by Distress on a MILITIAMAN negl'Ming to be sworn and inrolled.

I

To the constable of

A D of the parish of in the county aforesaid, not being one of the people called quakeri, having been convicted upon oath before me one of his

majesty's juficcs of the peace in and for the- said

f*

[ xxix ]

fit that he the said A. B, having been duly chosen by lot to feme as. a private man- in the1 militia of the said; .. t

and after due notice given him having negleCed to appear, and to take the oath required, and to he inrolled to serve, or to provide a properfub/iitute, whereby he hath forfeited thefan of ten pounds; These are in his majesty's name to command you to levy the said sum by di/lrefs of the goods and chattels of him the said And if within the space of '

daps next after fuels distress, the said sum, with all reasonable charges of distraining shall not be paid, that then you fell the said goods and chattels, and out of the money arising from facb fate, that you pay the said sum of ten pounds, to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the said or to fetch

ferson as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the providing a substitute to serve for him; and for the other purposes directed for the application thereof; rendering the overplus, if an)r shall be, on demand unto him the said deduc-

ing the reajbnable charges of the said di/lrefs: And if ftefficient dislreji cannot be found, whereon to levy the said ten founds, that then you certify the same to me, together with the return of this precept. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of, our

Lord

No. 46. Warrant to commit a MILITIA-MAN, where fio cannot be levied by Di/lrefs.

f To the constable of and to the keeper

> of the common gaol at in the county

J aforesaid.

OEE No. 45. to the word ten pounds : And whereas I did u issue my warrant to the constable of bearing

date the day of to levy the said

fun of ten pounds by aijirefs andfale of the goods and chattels f the said And whereas it appears to me on the

nub of the said confable of that after his best

endeavours to levy the said sum, the goods and chattels of the fait1 are not /efficient to answer the said distress:

Theft

[ XXX ]

Theft are to command you the jhid constable of to apprehend the body of the fata and him to convey

to the common goal at aforesaid, and there deliver him to the keeper thereof, together with this precept. And I do hereby command you the said keeper of the common goal, to receive into your custody tn the same common goal the said and him there safely to keep for thefpace

of And for ft doing this shall be your fijftcient

warrant. Given under my hand andfteal this day of in the year

No. 47. Form oj

of Warrant to di/lreft for Quakers' Subfi-tutes in the MILITIA.

We

-j iv c deputy lieutenants and

> ju/Hces of the peace for the said

j To the high constable of within the said and to the petty constable of

within the said and to each

and every'of them.

A D late of in the aj

one of the people called quakers, having hn ebofen by lot to feme in the militia of the said mia after due notice having neglected to appear and he inrclhi to serve, or to prrjide a proper fuhjlitute; And ifie the foil deputy lieutenants and justices having upon as reasonable tents as might he, namely, for the sum of pmiid1

and hired a fit person to ferae in the said militia, as the fuhjlitute of him the said ive require

you to levy the said sum of by dislrefs and foil

of the goods and chattels of him the said and to pay the same unto for the tifetj

him thesaidfubflitute, rendering the overplus, if any, to his the said after deducing the charges of di/hif

and salt. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 4

[ xxxi ]

No. 48. Form of RECOGNIZANCE to India fort, MISDEMEANOR., . ;

it remembered, that on the.

as in No. 23. mutatis mutandis.

day of

No. 49. Form of RECOGNIZANCE to answer for ti MISDEMEANOR.

As in No. 23.

The condition of this recognizance is such, that if the akve bounde shall personally appear at the next

lateral to be holden at in and

fir the said then and there to answer to an

infiamentto be preferred again/} him by fir and not depart without leave of the

ml: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwfe to be of fallforce.

Acknowledged before me

No. 50. Form of RECOGNIZANCE to give Evidence for a MISDEMEANOR.

As in No. 24.

The condition of .this recognizance is such, that if the time bound shall personally appear at the next

lateral quarter sessions of the peace to be holden at

in and for the said and then and there

live such evidence as he knoweth, upon a bill of indictment h be exhibited by of to the

grand

£ xxxii ]

grand jury, against late of in tk

said for and Jbdll not depart

without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of full force.

Acknowledged before me

Ko. 51. A Warrant to apprehend one for breaking tk

PEACE.

I

To the constable of

TJfHEREAS complaint is made before me

" one of his majesty's justices of the peace in ad

for the said upon the oath of

of in the said that

of the parish of is a person of common evil same,

(as the case is) and that the said both

reaj'cn to fear, and is actually afraid of receiving fom bodily hurt from the said

These are therefore in his majesty's name, to command pa, cn fight hereof, to bring the said before m

(or Jam other of his majesty's justices of the peace for tk same ) to find sufficient sureties for

personal appearance at the next general quarter feffms j the peace to be holden at in and for the fail

and also for keeping the peace towards bit majesty and all his liege people, and particularly towarh the said complainant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 52.

[ Xxxiii ]

No. 52. Recognizance for keeping the PEACE.

The same as No. 23. in the first part.

The condition of this recognizance is such, that if

shall personally appear at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said to do and receive what shall then and there be injoined him [her or them] by the court, and in the mean time shall keep the peace towards our said lord the king, and all his liege people, and particularly towards of

in the of and shall not depart without

leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of full force.

No. 53. Commitment for want of Sureties to keep the PEACE.

To the constable of and to the keeper of

in the said

JJfHEREAS is now brought before me

'' one of his majesty's juficcs, affighed to

http the peace within the said And whereas

hi being required to find sufficient furelies with him in recognizance for his appearance at the next general quarter fssions of the peace for the said and in the mean

time to keep the peace towards his majesty and all his liege people, is unable or unwilling to find fuel) sureties: These ore to require you the said constable forthwith to convey the said to the goal orhouse of correction at

and also you the said keeper of to receive and safely to keep him the said until

he shall find sufficient sureties as aforesaid. Given under my band and seal this day of 17

[ xxxiv ]

No. 54. A Warrant fcr the Appointment of Overseers of the POOR.

To

of

and in the said

of the pariflt

1

JJ/E vJtofe hands and fcals are hereunto set, being his '' majcjlys justices of the peace (l QJ for the said do hereby authorize and appoint you the said and being substantial house-

hciders within the said parish of to be overseers of your poor for the year ensuing.

N. B. With this appointment, a printed charge is given, which the overseers are, or ought to be, injoined frequently to peruse, and firictly to obey.

No. 55. A Warrant (after a Summons) against an Over-fec'r, fcr not holding a monthly Meeting to enquire into tin State of the POOR.

^ To the constable of

JJ/HEREAS one of the overseers of the poor of the parish of was summmtd

to appear before us (two of his majestys justices of the peace (1 QJ in and for the said for negleffing h!

keep his monthly meeting in your parish churib, on Srndoj afternoon in retry mouth, there to consider of same geosI ways and meat's for the relief of your poor j and the said cverfeer now appearing before us, we do, on examination if the said offence, adjudge the same to be true; he having r.i just excuse for his neglect: you are therefore hereby required on fight hereof to levy the sum of twenty shillings, to be dif tribuled among the poor of your parish: and on his rtfufel

[ XXXV ]

or negleSi to pay you the fold twenty Shillings within

days, you are to levy the same by dislrefs and sale of the goods of the fold returning him the

overplus: and what you shall do herein, you are to certify to us or one of us, within the space of six days next after you levy the same. Hereoffail not. Given under our hands and

frnls this day of in the year

No, 56. Warrant of Distress for Non-payment of a POOR'S Rate.

7 To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the i parifc of

WHEREAS complaint hath been made unto us ' and two of his majesty's justices

if the peace in and for the sold by you the fold

Amhwardcns ana overseers of the poor, upon your oath, that the persons here underwritten have refused after your demand ti pay you their several proportions of a rate or afcjfment lately made for the relief of your poor, and whereas no foffi-umtcause hath been Shewn us, why the same should not be 'laid: These are to authorise and require you to make a prefat demand of the said sums of money of the persons charged therewith; which if they foall not pay within six days next after your demand, or fheiv us fuffeient reason to the contrary, ]iu are to levy the same by dislrefs and foie of their several pads, returning the overplus (after all reasonable charges are deduced) to the right owner thereof. Given under our loads and foals this day of

lathe year

t E*

No, 57,

[ xxxvi ]

No. 57. Warrant to bring the P A U P E R to k examined.

I

To the con ft able of

f'OMPLJJNT having been made before me

one of his mafflys juJTtces of the peace in and for the fetid by the churchwardens and overseers of the

poor of the pai ish of in the aforesaid, that hath come to inhabit in th

said having neither gained a legal fetthimt

therein, nor produced any certificate owning to be

settled efewhere, and that the said is liiily to

become chargeable to the said fbefe are there

fore to require you to bring the said before me,

and such other of his majesty's justices of the peace as. shall lit present at in the said on the day of at

o'clock in the noon, then and there to he txminii

concerning the place of last legal fetllement, and to

he further dealt with according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the

year

No. 58. Form of Examination of a PAUPER bijac two Justices.

7 f'HE examination of now rest,

i in the parish (or chapelrj,

cr prccinll) of in the said aunty, vii)

on his oath faith that he was born in the parish of

in the aunty of ; that he lived noth

his parents who were legally settled in that parish till the apt of years; [that (here rntfl be traced the particulars

of the paupers life) cither that] he was legally apprenticeJ to of the parish of by indenture,

that he fetved his said wafer, who was lawfully settled, nit

[ xxxvii ]

by certificate, inthesaid parish years; or, that he

was lawfully hired to of the parish of

for a year, and performed the firvice-of a full year, at wages for the year-, or, that he rented an hottfe

and lands to the amount off io. a year, in the parish of

or, that be served an annual public office in the parish of or that he was assessed to and paid

parochial or other taxes in the parish of that

be is a married man, has a wife named and

children, one named aged

years', another named aged years;

that ftnce his marriage he hath neither rented fio. a year, nsr served a parish office, nor paid any taxes, nor done any other oR whereby a legal Jetttlenient might be gained. '

Signed A, P, This examination was taken and sworn to before

this day of in the year

N. B. A duplicate of this examination to be kept.

No. 59. Form of a PAUPER'S Certificate.

I To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the i parish of in the county of

JJJE the churchwardens and overseers of the poor' of the parish of ' in the county of

It hereby certify that we own and ackwnvledge that A. B. his tvife and children (whose names and ages must be men-lisnetl) are inhabitants legally settled in our parish of aforesaid. In witness whereof we have hereunto fit our hands end seals, the day of in the

ymr of our Lord

dttejlecl by

L.M.

fiO.

E J Churchwardens.

G.H.y

I.K.S

JVe

[ xxxviii ]

We P. 4J; and R. S. two of his majesty's justices if the peace in and for the said county of do allow of the above written certificate. And we do also certify, that /. K. or L. M. one of the witnejjis who attejied the same, hath this day made oath before us the said justices, that be the said /. K. or L. M. did fee the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of afarefaii,

whose names and seals are thereunto subscribedand set, feveraU] sign and seal the same : and that the names of I. K. and L. M. who are the witnesses attejling the said certificate, are respectively if their cram proper hand writing. Given under our hands this day of

No. 6 0. A Warrant to remove a Family, of which a

Duplicate is to be kept.

iTo the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the . parish of to execute, and to the church-

wardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of to receive and observe.

JJf HE REAS complaint is made unto us '' two of his majesty's jufiiees of the peace in and fir the said [l Q.) by you the churchwardens a

overseers of the poor of the said parish of tbol

and his wife and children an

inhabiting in your said parish, in order to gain a settlcmert therein, not bringing any certificate owning themselves settled, and are likely to become chargeable to your parish of

And we the said justices having examined the fail on his oath, touching the place of his last legal settlement, do hereby adjudge, that the said act

his family are, or are likely to become, chargeable to the jail parish of and that the last place of their lawful

settlement is the parish of in the county of

These are therefore to require you the said churchwardens a c-vcrjeers of the poor of the said parish of or fsm

ofyou, forthwith to convey the said and

his wife, and their said children to the parish of aforesaid, and deliver them to the churchwardens or overfan if the poor thereof, or to either of them, together with thit

arhr,

[ xxxix ]

cyder, or a true copy thereof: And you the fa'td churclswardens and overseers a,re hereby required to receive and provide? for them as the law directs. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

No. 6x. An Information front a Pauper, with a Warrant of Summons and Order for Relief, d D maketh oath that upon the day of

*-'* in the year he, being unable to

maintain himself, ajked for relief of the overseers of the poor of the parish of and that they rest fed to allow him any

thing for his relief.

Sworn before me one of his mayeflfs jujlicts

of the peace in and for the said this

ityof '17

Signed

A Warrant of Summons consequent thereon.

|To die constable of die parish of

'VH BSE are to require you on fight of the above informa-tioti to summon the overseers of the poor of the parish of to appear before me to Jbew cattfe why they refund to allow the above A. B. any thing for his relief. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

An Order for the Pauper's Relief.

To die overseers of the poor of the parish of

f one of his majeslfs justices of the peace in

1 and for the said having examined into the

uaplaint of the pauper A. B. against you the said overseers, fa refttfing him relief, and finding the complaint to be rea-smalle and well founded; do hereby order, that you shall wtekly and every week, from and after the date hereof, pay t: the said A. B. the sum of so long as the

"ufc of fitch relief continues. Given under my hand andfeal thi day of in the year

No. 62,

[ *1 ]

No. 62. Order of Removal of a Certificate Perfen.

To the Churchwardens, tsY. &c. as No. 60.

Whereas and his family (naming them) are refi-

dent in your said parish of by virtue of a certificate under the hands and seals of who were

churchwardens and overseers of the poor in the year

which certificate is attested by two sworn witnejes, and allowed by two Justices of the peace; and that they arc become actually chargeable to the said parish of

These are therefore, cdc. as in No. 60.

No. 63. Form of a general Recognizance without Sureties.

A of the parish cf in the said

doth hereby acknowledge himself to acc

to our fivereign lord the king, the sum of pounds

of lawful money of Great Britain.

On condition, that the above lounden A. B. do perfmfy appear at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to hi holden at in the said And there

to (as the case may be) arid not depart without

leave of the court.

On performance cf -which condition this recognizance shalllc void, otherwifeof full force.

Acknowledged before me this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 64,

t *K 3

No. 644 Form of a general Recognizance with Sureties.

I A 7? of l^e Par,fl3 of tn ^:e fa'd connt>'

\ el. Do drflj },mly acknowledge himself

to owe to our lord the king /.

C. D. acknowledged) himself to owe f.

E. F. acknowledged) £

On condition that the above bounden A. B. <s'c. as in No. 63.

Acknowledged before me

No. 65. Information of Fraud respelling Rent.

snaketh oath, day of

I A T? of the parish of that on the

about of the clock in the

be saw C. D. of in the said

oia and afftfl E. F. in fraudulently conveying away his goods from

Sworn before us (being his may fly's yujlices of the peace in end for this county) on the day of

No. 66. A Warrant to fttmmon the Offender for assisting in a Fraud respeiting Rent.

To the petty constable of

Iff HERE AS we have received information on the oath of '' a credible witness, that on the day of

he saw C. D. of your parish, ohl and afftft E. F. in fraudulently conveying away his goods (here to be named if known) to prevent his landlord from f F cliftraining

C ]

distraining fir his rent; These are to charge and command you to ceufe the said C. D. perftmally to appear before us at the sign of in on the day of at of the clock in the noon, to Shew cause why the penalty

of the act of mb of George II. should not be levied on him for his offence.

N. B. The penalty in this case is double the value of the goods so fraudulently conveyed away, being appraised by two fumcientpersons upon oath.

No. 67. An Order to levy on the Offender's Goods, fir assisting in a Fraud respecting Rent.

To the constable of the parish of

I

Jf/HEREAS C. D. is this day conviifedbefore us ‘ ' and his majesty's justices of th

peace in and fir the said affjled E. F. of your said parish, in fraudulently conveying away his goods to prevent the landlord of the said E. F. from distraining fir his rent; for which offence we do hereby ad-, judge him to pay the sum of being double th

4 value of the said goods: These are therefore to authorize and require you to receive the said sum of from him the said C. D. or in default of payment to levy the said sum by disirefs and file of the goods of the said C, D. fir the ife of the landlord of the said E. F. returning the overplus. Given under our hands andfiats this day of

N. B. The value of the goods conveyed away mud not exceed /50. and for want of distress, the party is to be committed for six months unless the sum be sooner paid.

No. 6$.

[ xliii ]

No. 68. A Warrant to search after stolen Goods.

To all petty constables, headboroughs, and others, within the and to every of them.

TJfHEREAS of the farij!) of

hath made oath before me one of his

majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that on the day of his dwelling

Imfe was broken open (or as the case may be) and that the following goods, that is to say, have been

filoniously taken and carried away by same person or persons unknown; and that he the said hath probable

tause to suspeSi, and doth suspect, that they are concealed in the of of the parish of

in the said These are therefore in his

majtflfs name JlriHly to charge and command you on fight hereof with proper assistants to enter in the day time into the of the said and make diligent

searchfor the said goods: And if the same, or any part thereof, shall he there found, that you bring the goods so found, and also the body of the said in whose ajlody you

[callfi find them, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said to be proceeded

again)} according to taw. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

Two justices, if the goods stolen and received be lead, iron, copper, brass, bell metal, or folder, by 29 G. II. c. 30.

No. 69, A Summons for Non-payment ^"Servant's Wages.

To the constable of

Iff HERE AS complaint hath been made unto me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and

fir the said ly a covenantedfirvant

to oj your parish, that his said mafier hath

t F 2 refused

[ xliv ]

refused to pay aim the sum af being due to him

for wages, according to a covenant made between them: These are therefore to require you to cause the said

personally to appear before me to answer the said complaint, on the day of in the

noon, at in the said

and be you then and there present to certify what you shall have done in the premises. Given under my hand, and fed this day of in the year

No. 70. An Order for the Payment of a Servant's Wages.

7 OOMPLAINT having been made unto me 5 one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of cf

in the said that he the said

having been hired by ' of your

parish, to be a f 'emant in the business of and having duly performed the said service, hath not been able to obtain from his said master the wages jujllydue to him: And he the said master having been duly summoned to appear and to answer the said complaint, but not having Shewn (or nit having appeared to Shew) anyjujl cause why the said wages should not be paid: I do hereby, after a due examination of the truth of the said complaint, adjudge, determine, and order that he the said master do pay or cause to be paid., on due notice hereof, to the said the sum of which

appears to me to be juf and reasonable to be pil'd by him the fail to him the said as andfir

his wages as aforesaid. Given under my hand andfeal the day of in the year of our Lord

No. ] 1.

t *»? ]

No. 71. Distress fir Non-payment of a Servant's Wages.

Tothcconstableof

TIf HEREAS upon complaint king made to me '' one of his majesty's jttjlices of the peace in and for the said on the oath of of the

parish of in the said that he

having ken hired by of your parish foferve him

in the business of and that he having duly performed the said service hath not ken able to obtain from his said master the wages jitjlly due to him: And whereas upon he examination of the matter, I did on the

day of by writing under my hand

and seal, determine and order that he the said §nuld pay to him the said the ftim of

which to me appeared to be jujl and reasonable to be paid him 'as and for his wages as aforesaid: And whereas it appears that after due notice of the find order, and due elemand if the said sum of king made, neither the whole

rar any part thereof hath yet been paid: These are therefore to command you to male dislrefs of the goods and chattels of the said And if within the space of

days after fitch dislrefs, the said sum of with

ell reasonable charges of djirefs shall not be paid, that you do fdl the said goods ana chattels, and out of the produce of the file, that you pay the said sum of unto him the said returning the overplus, if any, on demand

to him the said all reasonable charges as afire-

fid being first deducted. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 72.

[ xlvi J

No. 72. Complaint of a Servant against his Maser for ill Usage.

7 A ~D of the parish of in the said

S complaineth and maketh oath

I fore me one of his majfly's justices of the

peace in and for the said the

of

in the year

That at

last, he was hired by f to be servant in the business of

and that he hath continued in the said service, and doth now continue therein j And that during the said service the said hath miffed him the said and

particularly (as the case may be) whereupon he the said

prayctb that jujliee may be done in the premisses.

This complaint was made on oath before me, the day and year abovewritten.

No. 73. Summons of the Master for ill Treatment of his Servant,

I

To the constable of

having

A D of the parifo of in the said.

complained upon oath before me one of his mayfly's justices of the peace in and for the fail that he the said having been

hired by of the parish of to be

servant in the bufness of and that during that

service be the said bath miffed the said

and particularly Tkefe are to require

you in his said majeslfs name to summon the said to appear before me on the day of

at of the clock in the noon, to unfair

to the said complaint. And be you then there to certify sabot you have done in the execution hereof. Given under my hand andfealthis day of

No. 74-

[ xlvii ]

No. 74. Difharge of a Servant complaining of ill Usage.

7 COMPLAINT having been made before me J ^ one of his majfly's justices of the peace in and for the said on the oath of of

in the said a covenantedfervant

to of in the said

That he the said having been duly hired by and having entered upon and continuing hitherto in the service and employment of the said and

during thesaidservice having been miffed by the said and particularly And the said having been duly summoned to

appear before me to answer to the said complaint, but having him not able, or not having appeared, to acquit himself of the charge, which hath been fully proved against him; Ida hereby crier, that he the said be discharged, and I do

hereby discharge hint from his said service and employment. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 75. MaJlePs Complaint against the Servant.

i A.B.

of the parish of in the said

complaineth and maketh oath I fore me one of his majesty's justices of the peace

in and for the said that of

in the aforesaid, servant in the bufness

cf to him the said hath been guilty

cf divers misdemeanors, in his said service towards him the said and particularly hath and thereupon he prayeth that justice may be done

This complaint was made before me llis day of in the year

No. 76.

[ xlviii ]

No. 76. Warrant to apprehend a difarderlj

Servant.

To the constable of

INFORMATION and complaint upon oath having km made before me one of his maj fly's juflicts

of the peace in and for the said by

of theparifo of that of the fail

parish, feraant to him the said in the lufmtj;

of hath been guilty of divers mifdcmcamrs in

his said service, towards him the said and particularly

These are therefore to command you forthwith to bring ihc said before me., to answer to the said complaint,

and to be further dealt with according to law. Given unity my hand and fealthe day of in the

year of our Lord

No. 77. Commitment of a disorderly Servant.

-j To the constable of in the said

( and to the keeper of the house of correction at

J in the said

Scf No. 76. to the word particularly,

And I having duly examined the proofs and allegations ij both the said parties, and on due consideration of the complaint, having adjudged and determined, that he the said kail leer, guilty of divers misdemtanors in his said fervid: Theft are to command you the said confable forthwith to ceiretj the said to the said house of correShr,

and deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this warrant. And you the said keeper are hereby charged and air* msnded to receive the said into your cufsip

and there to keep, detain, and hold him to hard labour fu

f xlix j]

the /face of firm the dale hereof. Per doing

which this shall he your sufficient warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 78. A Summons in general.

^ To the conliable of

'THESE are to require you, on fight hereof tofmnmon and cause personally to appear before me (or same other of his mjefifs jufiicis of the peace in and for the said )

el in the said at o'clock

in the noon, to answer to such things as shall be ob-

jiBed against him by for the case shall be ,) And you are to be present at the said time ad place, to make the return of your due execution hereofI Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 79. 5"he Magistrate's Certificate of the Soldier'9 lnlijling.

rpHESE are to certify that of the age

of years, Horn at in the

tnnty of appeared this day before me

One of his majesty's jttfiices of the peace for the said of and declared that on the

day of lafipafl, he did voluntarily

iiCj! hinfelf as a private faldier, to serve his majesty king in his said majesty's regiment of

and that he doth

iGcoige

commanded by pi freely consent to the fames

These are therefore to certifyi is duly inlisted as aforesaid;

stal he the said

irj that the second and sixth ftClmss of the articles of -war t-oinjl mutiny and dtferlitn were afo read unto him before 1v this day, and that he hath also at the same time taken f G before

[ l 3

before me the oath mentioned in the said articles. Given tender my hand at in the said of

this day of _ m

the year of our Lori

No. 80. A Warrant to provide Soldier's Carriages.

To the constable of

WHEREAS an order for that purpose from the right honourable his majesty's secretary at

war, (or, as the case may be) is this day produced to me

one if his majesty's justices of the peace for the said I do hereby require you to provide with able men to drive the same, within your conjlahlmitl, for carrying the arms, ammunition, and baggage belonging U part of his said majesty's regiment of commanded by

on their marchfrom in the said county, to with which you are to,

at aforesaid, precisely at the hour of

in the morning. Herein fail not, as you will answer the trary at your peril. Given under my hand and seal at in the said county of the

day of in the year of our Lord

an.

No. 8l. Complaint for Non-payment offinalIT YTHES.

? A D minister of the parish of

i Alt JJt complaineth before or.

two of his majesty's justices of the peace in or. for the said against of the fine

parish, for ftbJlraSling, withdrawing, or failing in the W payment of the sum of for small tythes, offering

oblations, obventions, cempofitms, or agreements for the /«*

C n ]

ly the space of twenty days after demand made thereof; dated the day of in the year

C. D. Vicar,

No. 82. Complaint against a Quaker for refusal ^Tythes.

nr he 1

mplaint if

minister of the parish laid before and

two of his nmjesty's justices of the peace in and for the said against of the same par ish,

king one of the people called quaiers, for refusing to pay, or ampound for the tythes and other rights, dues and payments Idmging to the church of aforesaid: For which

be the said minister prayeth for fuel) redrejfcs as the law will

Signed this day of in the year

No. 83. A Summons for Non-payment of small Tythes.

j To the constable of

Iff HE REAS complaint in writing is made unto us '' two of his majesty's justices of the peace for

tie said by minister of the said

farish, against of your parish, for subjlraliing,

withdrawing, or failing in the true payment of the fan of due to him the said for small tythes,

if rings, oblations, obventions, &c. within two years last paji j Tbtfe are to require you to summon the said prfonally to appear before us at the in

in the said at o'clock in the

noon, to answer the said complaint. And be you fGi there

[ E ]

there present to certify what you have done in the prciniffes. Herein fail not. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

No. 84. Summons fir the Payment of Quaker's Tythes.

tending the complaint beyond small tythes and offerings, to tythes and other rights, dues and payments belonging to the church of

Not exceeding ten pounds.

No. 85. -An Order fir the Payment of small Tythes.

^ To the constable of

JffHEREJS of your parish, hath been dulj

' summoned to appear this day before us (being

two of his majesty's justices of the peace fir the fa'td and neither of us. patrons of your parish church or chapel from whence the tythes do arise, nor any ways interested therein) upon the complaint of minister of your parish

against the said fir subjlrafling, withdrawing,

or failing in the true payment of the sum of for small tythes, offerings, oblations, obventions, empofttion sr agreement for the same; and on the appearance of the foil before us (or in default of appearance, the ftmmons being duly proved) we having examined upon oath, the evidence produced before us, touching the said complaint, do adjsulge that the same is true; and that there is jujlly At to the said the sum of far the small

tythes, Isc. as aforesaid: ll'c do therefore hereby authfut

ani

r ns 1

(ml require you on fight hereof to demand the jhid sum of from him the find together with the sum of* for cofis and charges', which if he shallrefufi or neglect to pay you fir ten days, after fitch demand, then you are forthwith to certify the same unto us. Given under our hands and seals this day of

in the year

Not exceedingten (fillings,

N. B. This judgment must be inrojled at the next quarter jfeflions.

No. 86. An Order fir the Payment of £hiaker's Tythes,

To the constable of

fHE same as in No. 85. only infirt'ing after the word 1 parish, in the first line, (being one of the people called pokers) and extending the order to the payment of tythes and (thr rights, dues, and payments belonging to the church of aforesaid, and due to him the said

No, 87, A Warrant of Difirefs firfmall Tythes.

To the constable of wardens of the parish of

and to the church-in the said

and to every of them.

WHEREAS upon our hearing and examining' of atm~ I' plaint laid before us and (being two

I1/ his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said

and neither of us patrons of the church or chapel) lw any ways interested in the tythes due to your church by minister of your parish, against

fir fubflraSling, withdraw-nh

yphe same parish

C fi* 3

cf foiling in the payment of the sum of fir

finall tytha, offerings, 13c. We did adjudge the same to be true, and did order you to demand the said sum of together with reafinable cojls and charges; and the said

having, as it appears on oath, refufid to pay you the sum of as aforesaid, within ten days after

demand-, Tbefi are therefore to authorize and require you on fight hereof, to levy the sum of foriythis

and cqfls, as aforesaid, by difirefi of the goods of the said

find if the said sum of be not paid

within three days, together with the reafinabk charges if difirefi, then you are to fill the same, and to return the overplus to the party, refining the said sum of Ihd the reafinable charge of taking, keeping, and filling fiub difirefi. Given under our hands andfieals this day of in the year

*N. B. This extends only to tythes under 40s. per annum, due within two years; and if the person shall infill on a modus, and deliver the same in writing to the justices, and give security to pay colls, the justices shall forbear to proceed.

No. 88. Warrant to difirefi for Quakers T ythes,

^ To the conibble of

flllS is the same with No. 87, except that (one of the people called quakers) is to be infirted; and the sum to k levied is not in lieu of small tythes, offerings, £SV. but f tribes and other rights, due and payments belonging to lb church of and due to him t he said

N. B. This extends not beyond ten pounds, as mentioned. in No. 84.

r iv. j

No. 89. A Certificatefrom the justices in one County, to the justices in another, respeliing T ythes.

JJ/E whose names are underwritten, two of his majesty's ' " justices of the peace for the said county, do hereby certify his majesty's jujiiccs of the peace for the county of that on the day of iffi taft*

upon hearing and examining the complaint of iftheparishof against of the same parish, for fubJlraSiing, withdrawing, or failing in the payment of the fan of being due to him for

iythes or agreements for the same, we did in writing under stir hands -and seals adjudge that the said sum of 'Msjujlly due to the said ' - for the tythes as afore*

f aid, and made our order to levy the same, together with

for cofs; but the said removing before

the same could be levied on his goods; yon are therefore authorized by the laws now in force to levy by your warrant the said sum of ' by dislrcf andfale of the goods

of the said together with the sum of

forcojls: which sum, when levied, the officers who pall levy the same, are to deliver to the complainant: after file made of the dislrefs, the officers are to deduSt reasonable dmrges to be allowed by you for taking and keeping the if refs. Given under bur hands and seals, the lay of in the year

j No. 90. A Precept from the justices to the High Con-' Jlable to make a privy Search for Vagrants.

j To the high constable of the hundred of

rrHESE are to require you to issue out your warrant to all 1 petty constables and tythingmen in your hundred, requiring them to make a general privy search within their precincts,

in

[ M 1

In aUfujpcfied places inhere rogues and vagabonds di iifiiali'j resort , that such persons, being duly brought before us, may he dealt with according to law. Given under our hands and feds the day of in the year

On this precept the high constable's warrant is founded.

No. 91. The Vagrant's Examination.

T 'T'HE examination of a rogue and vagabond, taken on oath before me one of his majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said

this day of in the year of our Lord

JVbo on b oath faith, that

Here are to be traced the particulars of his or her life, horn the birth to the present time,

No. 92. A Warrant for the public Whipping of et Vagrant.

J To the constable of

'yOU are hereby authorized and commandedfortlrwith pub licly to whip or cause to be whipped-a rogue and vagabond, this day found wandering and begging in the parish of in the said nst

having any legal settlement there, and stow brought before mi one of his majeslfs justices if the peace in and for the said to be dealt with according to law:

After which whipping, you are to remove and convey the foil according to the directions of the pass herewith delivered to you. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

C Iyii 1

No. 93. The Commitment f a Vagrant.

To the constable of and to the keeper

of the house of correction at in

the fat'd

'THESE are to command you the said coif able forthwith to carry a rogue and vagabond\ this day

found wandering and begging in the parish of in the said not having any legal settlement

therein, and thereupon apprehended and brought before me

one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and far the said that he may be punished and dealt with

according to law. And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in

the said house of corrcHion, there to be safely kept to the next general quarter feffons of the peace for the said and have you then there, together with this precept.

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 94. The Form of a Vagrant Pass, within the same Jurisliltion.

To the constable of in the said

to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens, chapelwardens, or overseers of the poor of the

of in the said or either

> of them, to receive and obey.

WHEREAS was apprehended in the fariflt

' of in the aforesaid, as

a rogue and vagabond, viz. (here name thefpecies, or all of vagrancy)

dni upon examination of the said taken before

tet one of his majesty's justices of the peace in

f H and

[ lviii ]

and for the Jdid (which examination is hereunto annexed) it doth appear, that lawfulfeitlement is

These are therefore to require you the said confable, to convey the said in the next direst way to the said of wit/oin the said

and there to deliver h to some churchwarden,

chapelwarden, or overfer of the poor of the same of to be provided for according to law. Aid

you the said churchwardens, chapelwardens, and everfers of the poor, are hereby required to receive the said perfoit, and seal this day of in the year if

our Lord

Or more briefy thus:

To all his Majesty's justices of the peace, mayors, > headboroughs, constables, and others, whom it may

J concern.

Permit the bearer to travel and pass from

to he (or Jhe) demeaning himfdf

(or herflf) quietly and fberly, and taking so many days (a reasonable time) for accomplishing the journey.

Given under my band and seal this day of

x7

N. B. If the settlement or birth is in a remote county, the vagrant, if not forwarded after whipping, byapafsto the coniiable of the first parish in the next county, and so on to the officers of the parish to which the vagrant belongs, may be sent to the house of correction belonging to the county in which he or she was apprehended, to be conveyed horn county to county.

No. 9i

[ H* ]

No. 95. The Form of a Vagrant Pass to a difiant county of England, w to Scotland.

To the constable of in the said

arid alfd to all constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the of to receive

and obey: if in Scotland, to all constables and other officers (within that part of Great-Britain called Scotland) whom it may concern, to receive and obey.'

WHEREAS, as in No. 94. to the word settlement, is in the parish of in the county of

or that part of Great-Britain called Scotland: These are therefore to require you the said cou/iable of

aforesaid, in the county of aforesaid,

to convey the said to the-town of

in the county of that being the first town in the

next precinct through which he ought to pass, in the dircfl way to the said parish of to which he is to be sent,

and to deliver h to the conf able or other officer of such first

tram in such next precinfl, together with this pass, and the duplicate of the examination of the said taking

his receipt for the same: And the said is to be

thence conveyed on in like manner into the next adjoining shire, (or in that part ^Great-Britain called Scotland, to the next f nearly or place) and is there to be delivered to same constable or other officer of the next parish, di/lriS, or place aforesaid, taking his receipt for the same: And such officer in the said parish of . in the county of or in that part of Great-Britain called Scotland aforesaid, is hereby required to receive the said and give such receipt

as aforesaid, and to dispose of b the said

according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

N. B. This may properly be executed by fending the vagrant to the house of correction to be further conveyed from county to county.

t H 2

. No. 96.

E i* 3

No. 96. The Form of a Vagrant Pah to Ireland.

To the constable of in the said

and also to all constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to all other officers of the peace whom it may concern, to receive and obey.

WHEREAS, as in No. 94. to the word settlement, if '' b the said is in the kingdom of Ireland: These are therefore to require you the said confablt to convey the said to the town of

in the county of that being

thefrfi town in the next precinR through which ought to pass in the dircii way to the said kingdom of Ireland, to which is to be Jent, and to deliver h to the constable Brother officer offuchfirfl twin in such next precinct, together with this pass, and the duplicate of the examination of the said taking his receipt for the same. And

the said is to be thence conveyed on in like manner

until Jbatt arrive in the county of and the

constable or other officer to whom shall he delivered in the said county of is hereby required to apply to fine

justice of the peace in and for the said county of for a warrant to the master of any ship or vessel bound for the said kingdom of Ireland, that shall lie in the said county of to take on board the said ship or vessel h the said and convey h to such place in the said kingdom of Ireland, as such ship or vessel shall be bound unto. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 97. An Order for the Constable's Charges k passing a Vagrant.

I

To the high constable of the hundred of

WHEREAS a rogue and vagabond was

by my order conveyed from the parish of

[ Ixi ]

in this (on fist cl'oh horselack, or in a cart,- 'as

the case is) to the farish of in the county of

bang the nearest farish in the next county through which hi- orjhe ought to pass to wards the place of Isis or hr* birth, the defiance of which is' miles; / do order

you to pay being the officer who conveyed him, the

frn of per mile for conveyance, the [aid

having now produced a receipt under the hand of the mjh officer to whom he delivered the said vagrant, and also moling oath that it is a true receipt. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

Or last legal settlement.

,1

No. 98. An Order to the high Constable to pay 10s.for apprehending a Vagabond.

To the high con liable of the hundred oiF

IT'HESE are to authorize and require you within six days I after demand thereof, to pay to the sum

I tf ten shillings, being the reward appointed by an act of parlia~ I urnt of 13 George II. for apprehending a vagabond named and bringing him before me l(K of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said I to be dealt with according to law; for which

I h said will give you his receipt, together with

|llu order. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

IN'o. gg. A Warrant to levy j.as. on a Constable refifing to obey the Order, No. g8.

To all constables and other peace officers in the said

of

THESE are to authorize and require you, on fight hereof to levy the sum of twenty shillings by difirefs and sale of the

[ I»i ]

the goods of high confalle of the hundred of

(if not otherwise paid) for his refusing to pay 10s. to granted him by my order for apprehending a -vagabond in the parish of which lot.

you are to pay to the said Given under my

band and seal the day of in the

year

No. ioo. A Warrant.

^ To the constable of

'T'HESE are in his majesty's name to require you on fight hereof, to bring of your parish

before me or feme other of his majesty's jtjlices sf

the peace in and for the said county, to answer to such things os \ fall be objected against him by for j

Hereof fail not at your peril. Given under my hand and this day of in the year

No. 101. Form oflndorfing a Warrant.

7 p'ORAS MUCH as prof upon oath hath been mall i before me one of his majesty's jujlias if

the peace for the said of that the twa

is of the hand writing of the justice of th peace within mentioned; 1 do hereby authorize who bringeth to me this warrant, and all other persont U whom the said warrant is directed, to execute the same witlii the said ^ of Given under my kr,:

and seal this day of in the year

No. JC!

t lxiii )

No. 102. Asearch Warrant far Jloleu Wood. To the constable of

WHEREAS complaint hath been this day made on oath ' " before me one of his majeslfs justices of

tie peace for the said by of the

parish of that divers quantities of wood?

cmjifiing of

within the spase of six weeks lafi pafi, have been cut, taken and carried away, off, and from his lands at in the said and that he hath just cause to

Jiifpeff, and doth fiufpeft, that the said wood, or part thereof, is concealed in the houses or other premises belonging to of the parish of in the said

Theft are to require you to enter into and [torch the said houses and other places belonging to such houses if the said at aforesaid; and

if on such search you shall there find any such wood, then you ore to bring such per fin or personss in whose custody the same pall be found'before me, or same other of his majcfifs justices if the peace for the said to be proceeded against

cuording to law. Given under my hand andfial at in the aforesaid, this day of in the year

No. 103. A Warrant to levy the Penalty for stolen Wood.

To the constable of

WHEREAS of your parish

' being brought before me one of his

mjefiy's justices of the peace for this is law-

fully convilled, by the oath of one witness, of cutting, taking, and carrying off wood belonging to of the parish

if and is unable to give any good account how

he

t Ixiv ]

he or foe came by the [aid'wood: Ido therefore hereby order, that say the sum of to the proprietor of the said wood., within days next afar

notice given him hereof; and over and above the said sum, the sum of* for the use of the poor of the said parish.

Given under my hand and seal this day if

in the year

Ten shillings.

No. 104. A IVarrant of Commitment forJieaiing W ood.

I To the constable of and to the keeper of the house of correction in the said

of the parish of.

was duly ttmiiShd one of his majestfs juf ices of the of having cut, tab: and carried away a certain quantity of wood, the property tf of the parish of And

thereupon was ordered to pay the sum of to the said as a satisfaction for damages, and also the sum of for the use of the poor; whith

ferns have not, after due notice of this my order, been paid; I do therefore hereby require you the said constable of

to convey the said to the house tj

correction aforesaid, and to deliver to the keeper them] with this warrant: And I do hereby command you the said keeper to receive the said into your ciijhij

in the said house of correction, and there to detain far tie space of from the date hereof. Herein fail u:t.

Given under my hand and seal at in the said this day of

in the year

N. B. First offence, imprisonment, not exceeding a month, or a whipping. Second offence, hard labour for a month. Third offence, punishment as an incorrigible rogue.

WHEREAS

in the said.

before me

peace in and for the said

No. 105.

[ ]xv ]

Nd. 105. Commitment (after a Summons) fir aiding and diflfting in tarrying offWooi.

1 To the constable of and to the keeper of

( In the said

WHEREAS it is proved on oath, before us hie Majesty's justices of the peace in and for this that of the parish of did

lately aid, assijl, or abet several persons in carrying off" wool to be exported, contrary to law, and whereas the said being summoned, and now appearing before us, cannot alledge any thing to the contrary: These are therefore to require yout on fight hereof, to Convey the said

to the goal aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be by him kept fir three years without bail. Given under our hands and seals, this day of

in the year

No. 106. Freeholder's Attestation.

TRequefi to be enrolled in the regi/ler of the Freeholders fir in the county of

and I do solemnly swear [or, being one of the people called Quakers, I do falenmly affirm] that my name is A. B. and that I am [specifying the addition,

profession, or trade of such person] and that the usual place of my abode is at [and if it be in a town,

confiding of more Greets than one, men specifying in what street] in the county of and that I really and

truly have in the said parish or distriH [or, in the said parish or diHricl, and in , specifying in what other

f I parish'

[ lxvi ]

parish or district, if the case shall be so, in the said. county] . an estate of the clear yearly value of 40*. over and above the interef of any money secured by mortgage upon the said cfiate, and also over and above all rents and out-goings payable out tf or in respect of the said estate, other than parliamentary, public, or parochial taxes, and that the said e/late confjls of [specifying whether the same consist: of lands, or of messuage, or of tytlies, or of an office, or of a rent charge; and if the said.estate consist of lands, or of messuage, or of both, then naming some occupier of such lands or messuage; or if the said estate consist of an office, then naming the same] and that I am, by myself or others, in the aliual possession or receipt of the rents or profits of the said estate, for my own life; and that, to the Icjl of my knowledge and belief I have in my estate a freehold. fPitness my hand, this day of

one thousand hundred and

A. B.

Tie said oath [or affirmation] was taken and fdfribed, on the day and year aforesaid, before me, C. D. one of the C. D. justices of the peace for the county of

T

No. 107. Freeholder's Oath.

f Do flcmnly swear, [or, being one of the people called Quakers, I do Jdemnly affirm] That my name is E. F. and that I am [specifying the addition,

profcffion, or trade of such person] and that the ufial place of my abode it at [and if it be in a town

consisting of more streets than one, specifying in what street]

in the county of and that the above attefath:

docs, to the t/jl of my knowledge and belief, come from A. B.

[ lxvii ].

ikperson therein mentioned. Witness my band,-this-'u 'c.

itytf one thousand hundred and s ->

E F.

The said oath [or affirmation] was taken and subscribed\ ' on the day and year aforesaid, before me, G. H. one of the > Gi H. j uf ices of the peace for the county of

Forms

Forms of Conviction

BEFORE O N E OR MORE

JUSTICE or JUSTICES of the PEACE, OUT OF SESSIONS.

Alehouse-Keeper

Convicted of felling liquors, after being disqualified.

BY the words of the statute the said conviction shall be in this form, or to this effect:

A B is conviBed on his own confession,

(or on the oath of---) of having fold ale, beer, or

other liquors, in the parish of-, in this county, on the day of after being disabled to fell

the fane. This is the first, fecund, or third conviction. Given under my hand and seal this day of

Which saidconviSionihall be certified to the next sessions, to be filed amongst the records.

Convicted of felling ale, &c. without a licence, as specially directed by 5 G. 3, c. 46.

B1

we, C.

iE it remembered, that on this

___ day of in the year

A. B. of was duly conviSed before

D. esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the A peace

[ ii 1

peace for the county of for felling ale, or leer, or other excfeable liquors, (as the case shall be) without Being duly licenced so to do, according to the statutes in such case made and provided, whereby he has forfeited the sum of this being the first, second, or third offence, (as the case shall be) besides the cojls and expencesof this conviction; which cojls and-essences I the fold justice of the peace do hereby ascertain and assess at the sum of pursuant to the statute in such case

made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

Baker

Convicted of felling bread, defective in quality, weight, baking, &c.

BE it remembered, that on this day of in the year of the reign of A. B. is

convicted before me one of his Majesty's jtiflices of the peace for the /did county of for ([here date the offence] and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of . Given under my

hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

For adulterating bread withallum, &c.

BE it remembered, that on this day of in

the year of the reign of A. B. is

convielcd before me C. D. esquire, one of his Majests justices of the peace for the said county, for putting into and ifog in the making of bread to be sold, a preparation or mixture in which allum was an ingredient: [or as the case may be], And I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of five pounds. Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Bricks

[ Hi ]

Bricks and Tiles.

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is connived before me C. D. one of his Majesty's jifices of the peace for the of [specifying the

offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be, within one calendar month]. Given under my hand and seal, the day and year aforesaid.

Conviction.

A general Form, when a special one is not directed by any act of parliament.

T?E it remembered, that on the ^ day of in the year of the reign of by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and so forth, at in the county of aforesaid, A. B. of cometh before me C. D.

cfjuire, one of the justices of our said Lord the King, assigned to hep the peace of our said Lord the King in the said county, and also to hear and determine divers felonies, trespasses, and other misdemeanors in the said county committed, \reftding near to the place where the offence herein-after mentioned was committed; or as the statute requires] and giveth me the said justice to under-stand and be informed, that one E. F. of in the said county, yeoman, on the day of now laf pafl, at in the said county, did [here set

forth the faSt, in the words of the statute as near as may be] againf the form of the statute in such case made and provided: and afterxoards, upon the aforesaid day of in the year aforesaid, at

t iv ]

aforesaid, in the county aforesaid, he the said E. F. after being duly summoned in this behalf before me the yujlice of or esaid appear eth, and is present, in order to make his defence against the faii charge contained in the said information, and having heard the same, he the fail

E. F. is asked by me the said justice, if he can say any-

thing for himself, why he the said E. F. shoutd not be conviBed of the premises above charged upon him inform aforesaid; who phadeth that he is not guilty of the said offence. Nevertheless on the day of

aforesaid, in the year aforesaid, at aforesaid,

in the county aforesaid, one credible witness, to wit, G. H. of yeoman, cometk, and before me the same

justice upon his oath on the holy gospel to him then and there by me administered, depofeth, sweareth, and on his oath aforesaid affrmelh and faith, that the aforesaid E.

F. on the day of aforesaid, in the county

aforesaid, did [here again set forth the fast, or so much thereof as is sufficient to convict the offender] And thereupon the aforesaid E. F. the day of aforesaid, in the year aforesaid, before me the justice aforesaid, by the oath of one credible witness aforesaid, according to the form oj the statute aforesaid is conviBed; and for his offence aforesaid hath forfeited the fan of

of lawful money of Great Britain, to bedif. tributed as the Jtatute aforesaid doth direB. In witness whereof, I the said justice to this prefect record of the conviction as aforesaid, have set my hand andfeal at aforesaid, in the county aforesaid, the day and year first above written.

If he confesses the fast then say, ----- --And because

the said E. F. hath nothing to say, nor can say my thing in his own defence touching and concerning the premises aforesaid, but doth of his own accord freely and voluntarily acknowledge and confess all and fingvlar the faii premises to be true, in manner and form as the same art charged upon him in the said information: and because all and singular the premises being heard and fully understood by me the said justice, it manifestly appears to

me

[ V ]

me [Or, if the party hath been summoned,

and doth not appear, then say,] Whereupon,

on the said day of in the year aforesaid, at

aforesaid, in the county aforesaid, he the said E. F: was duly summoned in this behalf, to appear lei fore me, in order to make his defence against the said charge contained in the said information, but the said E. F. doth negleti to appear before me, and doth not appear, nor male any defence against the said charge as aforesaid: Therefore I the said justice, on the said day of in the year aforesaid, at aforesaid,

in the county aforesaid, do proceed to examine into the truth of the said complaint; AndG. H. of a

credible witness, crneth before me the same justice, and upon his oath, &c.

Colts,

Awarded on conviction.

County or-» T A. B. one of his Majestys justices of borough of/ the peace in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance of an act made to wit. in the eighteenth year of his Majesty King George the Third, intitled, An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace, &c.; on the complaint of againf for [here slate the offence generally, and the date]

which said complaint was heard and determined, by me on the day of Do award the followng

costs to be paid by videlicet, (here slate the

costs]. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord ----- ---.

Dogs.

C Vi ]

Dogs, — Stolen.

BE it remembered, that on the day oj

in the year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before us, of his Majestys justices of the

peace for the of . (specifying

the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be). Given wider our hands and seals the day and year aforesaid.

Excise.

Of Spirituous Liquors.

AB. is convicted on his own conftffion, (or on the , oath of C. D.) of having fold frong waters in iheparish of in this county, on the day of without being duly licensed thereto: This is the jirjl or second conviction. Given under my hand and seal, £?c.

Of Tea,- — adulterated.

A. B. upon complaint of C. D. (on parchment or paper.)

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year A. B. was, upon complaint of

C. D. convicted before me one of the juf ices of the peace for in pursuance of an aSpaffed in the seven-

lecnth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for [Here set forth the offence] Given under my hand and seal the day and year abooe-wrilten. This conviction shall be certified by the justice to the next sessions; and shall not be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari into his Majesty's court of King's bench.

Game.

[ VII ] Game.

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord at in

the county of , A. B. came before meC. D.

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, ref ding near the place where the offence was committed, and informed me that E. F. of on the day of now lafpajl, didufe a

gun, dog, net, or other engine, [as the case may be] for the taking, or definition of game, and did thereby and therewith take, kill and defray a hare, or other game, [as the case may be] here state the fa&; without having the certificate required bylaw for that purpose; whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence, or [as the case may be,] did not appear before me, purfumt to the said summons, or did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness, or, [as the case may be], acknowledged and voluntarily con-sessed the same to be true; and it manifefly appears to me, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the offence' charged upon him in the said information: I do therefore hereby conviB him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge, that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great-

Britain, for the offences aforesaid, according to the form of the statute, in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal the day of in the year

Heath.

[ viii ]

Heath, Fowl, Grouse, &c.

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of oar Lord A. B. having appeared before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of and due proof having been made upon oath by one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by confession of the party, [as the case may be] is conviBed of [specifying the offence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also specifying, if known, that it is the first, second, or any subsequent offence against ;this act, as the case shall be]. Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the justice shall cause to be written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept amongst the records. And the clerk of the peace shall grant copies thereof on payment of is. for each copy.

Fish.

BE it remembered, that on this day of

in the year of the reign of A. B. is

convicted before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the of for [here fiate the offence] and Ido adjudge him to pay and forfeit the sum of Given under my hand and seal the day and year abovesaid.

Gaming.

DE it remembered, that on this day of in the year of his

Majejlfs reign, A. B. is conviBed before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of

[ ik ]

[or, as the case shall be] for . and -j the said do adjudge him, or her, to pay and

forfeit for the same, the fm of Given under

my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Glove-Tax.

BE it remembered, that oh the . day of in the year of our Lord in the county of A. B. of was con-

viBed before me C. 2). one of his Majestys j'uflices, of the peace for the said , county, raiding, near the place where the offence was committed, forthat'the said A. B. on the : day of now laftpafl, did [here

state the offence as the case may be], contrary to the statute in that case made and provided; and I do declare and adjudge that he the said A. B. hath forfeited the fm of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the (fence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law direEls, Given under my hand and seal, the day of

. . Gaols.

Condition of a person felling Liquors.

}BJ

)E it remembered, that on the day of in the year of the

reign, of jiis Majesty.. , A. B. is conviBed before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said by virtue of an act of parliament made in the

Util year of the reign of his Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act to enable justices of the peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties, of [here set forth the offence, and the time when, and B place

[ x ]

place where the same was committed]. Given under our hands and seals, the day and year aforesaid. "

Highways.

BE it remembered, that on the day of in the year of

ear Lord at in the county aforesaid,

A. B. came before me C. D. esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the said county, and informed me, that E. F. of on the day of "..now

laflpafl, at in the said county, did [herefet

forth the faS in the manner described by the statute] Whereupon the said E F after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at in 'the said county, and,

having heard the charge contained in the said, inform* tion, declared, that he was not guilty of the said offence-. But the same being fully proved upon the oath of a credible wilness, it manifestly appears to me the said justice, that he thefnd E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information. It is therefore considered and adjudged by me the said justice, that the said E. F. be conviSed, and I do hereby conviB him of the offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the ftm of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid. to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of thefatute in that case made and provided. Given. &c.

If the party doth not appear upon the summons, then, after the words — being duly summoned to answer the said charge, insert, did not appear before me pur-faant to Ike said summons: or. did neglect and refuse to make any defence dgainjl the said charge; but the same heirnr fulh braved. c3c.

O / ✓ A

If

' [ xi- ]

If the party confesses the charge-, then after the words — contained in the said information, insert, acknowledged and voluntarily confejed the same to be true and it manifefly appears to me the said justice, &c.

Larceny.

D£ it remembered, that on the day of in the year

A. B. was convicted before us ' » of the juf ices of the peace for of a misdemeanor}' in having, in

his possession, [or, in having, carrying, or conveying of] lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder, [as the-case shall, be], fifpeBed.io be Jlolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the party or parties of whom.he bought or received the same, nor giving a satisfactory account how. he came by the same, nor producing any credible suitnrfs to depose upon oath the sale or delivery thereof, [or, of.negleBing to apprehend .and-secure the person who brought and offered, to pawn, fell, or deliver, lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder, suspected to be stolen or unlawfully come by; as the case shall be:] Given under our hands and seals the day and yearaforcfiid.

Pawning.

BE it remembered, that on this day of in the year of his

Uaje/lys reign, A. B. is conviUcil before. of his Majest/s jujlicesof the peace for the fnd of [as the case shall be] for and the said do adjudge him (or her) to pay and

forfeit for the same, the sum of . Given under the day and year aforesaid.

[ xii ]

Servants. 7.

To clothiers, &c. (on parchment.)

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is con-

viBed before me one of his Majfiys justices of the peace in and for the of of having

[here specify the offence, and the time and place when and where the lame was committed]. Given under my hand and seal the day and year first above-mentioned.

----- --To hatters, &c. (on parchment).

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. was con-viBed before us of his Majesty's justices of the

peace in and for the find county of [or as the

case shall be] of [Here specify the offence,

and when and where committed.] Given under wr hands and seals the day and year first above written.

N. B. Before two justices.

----- False reeling, (on parchment).

]?£ it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is conviSei before me one of his Majesty s justices of the peace for [specifying the offence, and the time and

place when and where committed, and also specifying that it is the first, second, or third offence against this act, as the case shall be] Given under my hand and seal, the day and year first above-mentioned.

N. B. Before one justice.

Watchmakers,

[ »ii: ]

; Watchmakers, &c.

D£ it remembered). that on the day of in the . year of his Majesty's reign, A. B. zbas convicted before me [or us] of his Majesty s justices of the peace for the jdid county of- . or

[as the case shall be] of purloining, imbezelling, secreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or. unlawfully disposing of or buying, receiving, or taking to pawn [as the case shall happen to be] [specifying

the respective goods, materials, or effects] the, properly of C. D. of in the county of Given under my hand and seal [or our hands and feats], the day and y ear aforesaid.

Slaughtering Horses.

A 3. is convicted, on the oath of C. D. inspector of houses and places for slaughtering horses, for the parish of E. in the county of F. of refufvngto pay the fan of being the expence of an advertisement or

advertisements [as the case may be] inserted in the [Daily Advertiser, or feme other] public newspaper circulated in the county, [as the case maybe], pursuant to the directions of the statute in that case made and provided, Given under my hand and seal, this day of

Slaughtering Horses, No. II.

BE it remembered, that on this day of

in the year A, B. licensed for faughicr-

ing horses, is convicted, upon the oaths of C. D. and E. F. two credibk witriejfes, before me G. H. one of his Majestys justices of the peace for the county of of

having

[ xi\?: ]i

having wilfully made, or caused lobe made, [as the case may be], a false entry in Ike book, required by the statute, in that case made and provided, to be kept by the said A. B. whereby he, \Jhe, or they] has Tor haveJ forfeited the sum of Given under my hand and seal, the da)' and year above written.

Slaughtering Horses, No. III.

BE it remembered, that on this day of in the year A. B. was convicted, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before me C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of . for occafwnally lending a koufe Tor place, as the case may be], for the purpose of flaughiering horses, [or, as the case may be,] offaughtering cattle for other purposes than for butchers meat, without a licence for that purpose first obtained, according to the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

Swearing.

(On parchment]

T)£ it remembered, that on the day of -- in the year of his Majesys reign, A. B,

was convicted before me one of his Majesty'sjf-

tices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or liberty aforesaid; or before me mayor of the city

or town of within the county of of

fvcaring one or more profane oath or oaths, or of curfinr one or more profane curse or curses. Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

N. B. Within eight days of the oflence.

T urnips.

[ *v ]

Turnips. — Stealing.

D-£ it remembered, that on the day of u in the year of our Lord A. B. is duly con-vitled before me C. D. esquire, one of his Majesty'sjuf-iices of the peace for the county of [specifying

the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.") Given under my hand and feat the day and year aforesaid.

Wood. — Stolen.

BE it remembered, that on the . day of in the year A. B,

was, upon the complaint of C. D. conviUed before of the justices of the peace for in pursuance of an

act passed in the Jixthyear [or if the prosecution is on the 9 G. 3, c. 41. then say, in the ninth year] of the nign of his Majesty King George the third, for as the case shall be].

Given under hand and foal, the day and year above written.

Oaths

Oaths of Office* Qualification, &c.

Chief Commissioner of Salt-Duties.

'yOU shall /wear to execute, your office, truly and faith- fully, without favour, or .afficliion, and shall from time to time true account make and deliver to fuel) person and persons as his majesty Jhitll appoint to receive the same; and shall take no fee or reward for the execution of the said office, from any other person than from his majesty, or these whom his majesty shall appoint on that behalf: So help you God.

Church-Wardens.

'yOU shall swear truly and faithfully to execute the office of a churchwarden within your parish, and according to the best of your fitill and knowledge present fitch things and persons as to your knowledge are presentable by the laws ecclesiastical of this realm: so help you Go'd and the contents of this book.

Clerk of the Peace.

'yOU shall swear, that these ef reals, now by you delivered, are truly and carefully made up and examined, and that all fines, issues, amerciaments, recognizances, and forfeitures, which were'set,. lojl, imposed, or forfeited, and in right bud-due course of law ought to be ejlrcated in the court of exchequer, are, so the befi of your knowledge and underfunding, therein contained; and that in the same ejlreats arc also contained and express'ed, allfitch fines as have been paid into the court, from which the said ejlreats are made, without any wilful or fraudulent discharge, omission, misnomer, or defect whatsoever.

[ xviii ]

Constable.

'yOU shall well and truly Jerue our sovereign lord the ling, [and the lord of this leet, if sworn in a court leet] in the office of constable, for the tmnship of for the year ensuing, according to the best of your skill and knowledge : So help you God.

The Juror's oath.

you shall true inquiry and preferment make of all such things as shall come before youT concerning a forcible entry [or detainer] said to have been lately committed in the dwelling house of yeoman, at in this county;

you shall spare no one for favour or affeflion, nor grieve any one for hatred or ill-will, but proceed herein according to the best of your knowledge, and according to the evidence that shall be given to you: So help you God.

The oath that A. F. your foreman hath taken on his part, you and every of you shall truly observe, and keep cu your parts : So help you God.

Surveyor's oath on passing his accounts.

T A. B. do swear, that the accounts now produced and delivered by me, as surveyor of the highways for the of for the last year, are jujl and true,

to the best of my knowledge. So help me God.

House-Duty. Assessor's Oath.

T A. B. do swear. That in the assessment which I Jlall make of the hides and houfmld offices within the dislrits or parish for which I am appointed an ajfejfor, I will rate each at the true annual value, according to the best of my judgment and (kill-, and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trust reposed in me, by virtue of an all of the eighteenth year of his present majesty, for imposing a new

duty

[ xix ]

duty tm all boiffes of fine pounds a year and upwards; Si help me God.

Justice of the Peace.

His Oath of Office.

yOU shall swear, that as jujl'tce of the peace in the county of in all articles in the king's commijfton to

you directed^ you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, wit, and power, and after the lotos and customs of the realm, and statutes thereof made: And ye shall not be of counsel of any quarrel hanging before you: And that ye hold your sessions after the form of the statutes thereof made: And the issues, fines, ana amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and all forfeitures which shall fall before you, ye shall cause to be entered without any concealment (or embezilling) and truly fend than to the king's exchequer. Ye shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly ye shall do your office of jifflice of the peace in that behalf: And that yon take nothing for your office of justice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and oojls limited by statute. And ye shall not direct, nor cause to be directed, any warrant (by you to be made) to the parties, but ye shall direct them to the bailiff of the said county, or other the king's officers or ministers, or other .indifferent persons, to do execution thereof. So help you God,

His Oath of Qualification.

T A. B. do swear, that I truly and bona fide have fitch an cjlatc, in law or equity, to and for my own uje and benefit, confijling of (specifying the nature or such estate, whether messuage, land, rent, tythe, office, benefice, or what cll'e) as doth qualify me to act as a justice of the peace for the county, riding, or divfion of according to the true intent and meaning if an act of parliament made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his mayfly king George the fecon'd, entitled, an act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his frefent maj fly's reign, entitled an act for the further qualification of justices of the peace-, and that the same (except where it conlifis of an office, benefice, or ecclesiastical pre- C 2 ferment

[ XX ]

ferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and usual names) is lying or beings or ijjiting out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being within the parish, township, or precinRs of or in the several pa-

rijbes, townships, or precinRs of in the county of

or in the several counties of (as the case may

be)

Militia-Man's Oath.

f A. B. do fmcercly promise and Jivear, that I will be ~ faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty king George -, and I do Jivear, that I am a Protefant, and that 1 will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time of five years for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

Substitute's Oath.

I A.B. do sincerely promise ami Jivear, that I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty king George; and I do fvear, that I am a Protefant, and that I will faithfully feme in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time cf five years, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if, within the fpqce of five yean, his majesty shall order and dir cR the militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless J shall be sooner discharged.

Post-Office.

Postmaster's Oath.

I A.B. do Jivear, that I will not wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, detain, or delay, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be opened, detained, or delayed, any letter or letters, packet or packets, which shall come into my hands, prater, or custody, by reason of my employment in or relating to the poll-offer, c:.(rpt ly t:;e confers of the person or perfor.s

to

[ xxi ]'

to whom the same is or shall be directed, or by an express warrant in writing, under the hand of one of the principal secretaries of fate, for that purpose.-,. or except in,such cases, where the party or parties to whom such letter or letters, packet or packets., shall be directed, or who is or are chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, and except such letters or packets, as shall be returned for want of true directions, or when the party or parties to whom the same is or shall be directed, cannot be found: and that I will not any way embezzle any such letter or letters, packet or packets, as aforesaid.

On delivering his Accounts.

f A. B. do swear, (or affirm, as the case may require), that the several weekly accounts, now by me delivered, of the duties arising upon horses, which I have let for the purpose of travelling post, or otherwise, from the day of

to the day of as far as the same have been entered and kept by me, are fair,juji, and true accounts; and that I have charged therein the duty for the true number of miles, received for the use of his majesty, from the travellers who have hired horses from me; and that. I have iit-ferted therein an account of all the day-tickets, notes, and certificates issued by me; and as far as such accounts have been entered and kept by any other perfm or persons, I verily believe the same to be true. So help one God.

Returning Officer's Oath.

I A.B. do solemnly swear, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any sum or sums of money, office, place, or employment, gratuity, or reward, or any bond, bill, or note, or any promise of gratuity what fever, either by myself, or any other perfm to my use or benefit or advantage, for making any return at the present election of members to serve in parliament-, and that I will return jueh person or persons as shall, to the best of my judgement, appear to me to have the majority of legal votes.

C xxii ]

Riot, Rout, &c. — Juror's Oath.

yOU Jbail true inquiry and preferment make ofallfuch things as jbail come before you, concerning a riot, rout, and unlawful assembly fail to have been lately committed at in this county; you Jbail spare no one for favour or affeRion, nor grieve any one for hatred or ill will, but proceed herein according to the best of your knowledge, and according to the evidence that shall be given to you: So help you God.

The oath which your foreman hath taken on his part, you and every of you Jbail well and truly observe and keep an your parts. So help ysu God.

Servants.

Assessor's Oath.

f A. B. do fivear, [or affirm, as the case may requirej that in toe afficjfment which I am required to make by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of king George the third, to repeal the duties on male servants; and for charging new duties upon male and female servants, I will alt according to the best of my jkill and knowledge. So help me God.

Sheriffs Officers' Oath, before two Justices.

I A.B. will net ufi or exercise the office of bailiff corruptly, during the time that Ishall remain therein, neither Jhatt or will accept, receive, or take, by any colour, means, or device whatjorcer, or confer.! to the taking of any manner of fee cr reward of any person or persons for the impanelling, or returning cf any inqutjl, jury, or tales, in any court of record, fir the king, or betwixt party and party, above 2S or the value there f, or jiich fees as are allowed and appointed for the same by the laws and Jlatuics cf this realm; but will according to my power, truly and indifferently, with convenient tilt til impanel,' all jurors, and return all fitch writ or writs

[ xxiii ]

touching the same, as shall' appertain to be done by my duty or office, dtiring the time that I shall remain in the said office. So help me God.

Shop-Tax.

Commissioner's Oath.

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the-office of a commissioner, according to an ah, made in the1 twenty-fifth of king George the third, for granting to his majesty certain duties on shops within Great Britain; and will determine upon all appeals, which shall be brought before me under the said act, according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

Assessor's Oath.

I A.B. do swear, (or affirm, if a quaker) that in the assessment which, by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign ‘of king George the third, for granting to his majesty certain duties on ihops within Great Britain, IJball make upon the houses, buildings, and places, liable to any of the said duties within the dislrili or parish for which I am appointed, an affieffior, I will rate each at the true-annual value, according to the heft of my judgment and skill; end that I will truly and faithfully execute the trusts reposed in me by virtue of the said all. So help me God.

Transferring Act.

Commissioner's Oath.

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of king George the third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the of of stamps respectively, to the coinmif-lioners far the affairs of taxes j and all'o for making further

[ xxiv ]

provisions in respect: to the said duties, so transferred; and will determine, without favour, or affection, upon all appeals which shall be brought before me, under the said act, according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

Assessor's Oath.

I A.B. do fivear, [or affirm, as the case may require] that in making the assessment, which by authority of an act, male in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of king George the third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissior.ers of excise, and the of of damps respectively, to the of for the affairs of taxes, I will charge all per-fom according to the Icjl cf my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

Wool-Searchers Oath.

I do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, execute and perform the trust reposed in me as a searcher, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his Majesty king George the third, for rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an act of the thirteenth year of king George the first, for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

FINIS.

