THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANT;

OR, A

SUMMARY OF THOSE LAWS

WHICH IMMEDIATELY RESPECT

THE CONDUCT

OF

A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE:

CONTINUED TO THE

END OF THE SESSION — 1793.

TO WHICH ARE ADDED,

FORMS OF WARRANTS, SUMMONSES,

AND

RECOGNIZANCES;

FORMS OF CONVICTION, AND OATHS OF OFFICE.

THE THIRD EDITION.

BY A COUNTRY MAGISTRATE.

Legum Ministri, Magistratus; Legum Interpretes, Judices. Cic.

GLOCESTER:

PRINTED BY R. RAIKES;

AND SOLD BY C. C. AND J. ROBINSON, PATERNOSTER-ROW,

Rivington's, st. Paul's church-yard, and

H. GARDNER, STRAND, LONDON.

M.DCC.XCIV.

TO

EDWARD MONTAGU, Esq,

MASTER IN CHANCERY,

AND ONE OF

HIS MAJESTY'S JUSTICES OF THE PEACE FOR THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX, Ac.

Dear Sir,

---

THE last Edition of this Work was honoured with the very respectable name of yoift* Noble Relation^ii^Oracc the late Duke of Montagu, whole character, it is needless to observe, was universally respected $ and whole departure was more particularly felt and regretted by those who had most frequent opportunities of access, and consequently were best acquainted with his Grace's many amiable virtues: It was not least sensibly felt and regretted by that Society, over which he presided, with equal dignity andcondefcension: A Society, whole object, as you well know. Sir, is to give energy to the endeavours of the Magistrate, for the suppression of Vice and Immorality. The efforts of this Society were encouraged in its infancy, and the attendance of its Members was rendered most agreeable, by the politeness of its President, and the affability with which they were uniformly received.

The loss of its first illustrious President was in due time supplied by another Nobleman of distinguished *character, whose integrity, in the highest department

Earl Bathurst.

[ >v ]

of the Law, and of the British Senate, is too well known, to need the testimony of any individual, much less such a feeble suffrage as the prefen t. His Lordship's declining health unhappily deprived the Society too soon of the honour and satisfaction of his valuable superintendence; which additional stroke would have been more severely felt, if the same con-defeension, and the same friendly assistance, were not . confidently expected from the R ight Rev. f Prelate, who now fills the President's Chair,

You, Sir, who have so kindly afforded your valuable support to the measures of this Society, when your other manifold engagements would admit of your attendance, will rejoice to find, that its efforts have not been ineffectual: But that, oh the contrary, its exertions have been productive of much important benefit to the Community. To these we may impute, under the sanction of several recent acts of Parliament, the establishment of a purer Magistracy in the Metropolis and its vicinity: To these we may aferibe a very considerable diminution of vexatious litigations $ an almpft entire suppression of idle and disorderly vagrancy, and a far better regulation of public houses.

Of these benefits, you. Sir, must have been a witness, not only in your attendance on our Sessions-Court, but also in your private administration of justice within your populous district, in which you are well known to be diligently employed in reconciling differences ; in informing the ignorant; in restraining the vicious; and in promoting the cause of Virtue and Morality, to the utmost extent of your influence and authority.

The following (it is hoped, improved) Edition of this Work would not have solicited the honourable

patronage

+ Bishop of London.

[ V ]

patronage of your name, if the Editor had not been well aware, that candour is generally found to go hand in hand with superior information. The feve-rities of criticism are chiefly to be apprehended from those whole knowledge is superficial, and their disposition envious ; The Editor has nothing to fear from I one, who will be as ready to make allowances for the imperfections in this Publication, as he is able to discover them.

May your health. Sir, and yoiir ability to do good, in a variety of situations, long continue: And may your upright discharge of the duties of a Magistrate for many succeeding years, afford one, amidst a mul titude of other testimonies, that the Magistracy of the county of Middlesex is, at least, as disinterested and respectable as any other Commission of the Peace in the Kingdom.

I have the honour to be.

With the sincerest respect,

Dear Sir,

Your most obedient and faithful humble servant and fellow-labourer.

The EDITOR.

TO THE

READER.

THE high Estimation in which Dr. Burns Work, entitled, The Justice of the Peace and Parish Officer, has long been

holden encourages the Editor of the following Jheets to that another Jlrufturc raised, with a similar on so solid a foundation, though to a much less elevated height, will not be deemed unworthy of the public notice. It claims very Uttk merit, but what is derived from a new arrangement of that ufefvl information, for which this country is so much indebted to the labours of the eminent Compiler already mentioned.

Its merit, if it has any, chiefly confjls in -ing out more immediately to the eye of the Magis-trate, who may be supposed to have many other engagements on his hands, that line of conduS, which, in alrnojl every emergency, it is his duty topvrfuc. The authorities, as well from the common, as the statute law, are indeed less numerous than in many other books of this kinds yet it is hoped, that they

are

[ viii ]

are fiefficientlyto proceed

in every ordinary case which may occur. The Jla-tutes, as to every thing are faithfully recited: And though not of the ejfence of the for fake, be

omitted, the Editor falters that what

mains will be abundantly sufficient to guard the

son who consults them from any error in his.

Adjudged cases, for the confirmation of his judgment, may be found at large in ?nanv very judicious collections of this fort: The work of Lord Dudley and Ward, and T. Cunningham, entitled, " The Law'of a Justice of the Peace and Parish Officer, &c."is a mofi valuable of information on

this subjeB. And the Magistrate will find it prudent to have jack useful books of reference as that compilation, and Dr. Burn's Justice of the Peace, always at his hand. But with all these at his command, he nevertheless Jlands in need of some more obvious direction, when he is wishing to dif-patch the business which presents itself, with

tion,safety, and satisfaction to himself and.

It is well kno7uri, that several compilations of a similar nature with this have been heretofore offered to the public, under a great variety of titles and descriptions: And there is no doubt, that the Magis-trate has derived no incorsiderable advantage from the

C 1

lights communicated to by publications $

> Andr~*n&tvnt quantum valere poffint — is our

sincere dcjirc: We by no means to raise the -putation of the following work, depreciating the

merits of any other. The reader is left at full li-

berty (and this liberty he certainly would whether we indulged him with it or not) to call to his affijlance those productions, which he thinks mofl likely to direEt, secure, and faiisfy him in the aharge of his duty.

In the mean time, when a matter of doubt and difficulty is before him (and such he expe8 will

sometimes occur)he mil be happy to avail himself of that liberal sentiment of one of the mofl ornaments of this or any other nation: " Where the Magistrate appears to have been misguided by an erroneous judgment, without any purpose of doing ill, GOD forbid {fays this venerable Personage*) that the courts of law Jkouli not give him credit for the purity of his intention, and put the mofl favourable conflruHion on his condu3, that the case can pojfibly admit of"

This is, in Jubflance, the declaration, which, com-ingfrom fuchreJpeSable authority, has doubtless encouraged many to engage in the ufefvl employment of a

b

The late Lord Chief Jufliee of the King's Bench.

[ ]

Justice of the Peace, who would otherwifi have been very cautious of exposing themselves to the greeable consequence of a faux pas interpreting the laws. The indulgence here , emboldens

those who are disposed to act, under the directions of an honest intention, and a plain under Handing, freely

to exercise their best judgment; no longer apprehen-Jive, that the want of formor the omission of same legalpunEliliOy may bring them within the reach of the censures of a superior cou.

It is not, however, insinuated, that indifference or wilful negligence is at any rate excvfeable in interpreting or enforcing a plain On

the contrary, frequent occasio will offer

wherein it is impossible to be too minutely precise; M-cause, in such cases, every advantage will.

taken of any want of accuracyor of the fmaUeJl inattention to the letter of the As a proof of

this, and to convince the Magistrate of the necessity of extreme carefulness in his duty, it may not be amiss to observe, that Dr. Bum enumerates not less than twenty instances, in which an Order of Removal has been, or is liable to be, quashed, on account of some apparently infgnificant error in the mere

ter of form. All, thereforewhich is intended by the encouragement holden forth, as above, is to remove from the mind of a well-meaning, but timorous

gistrate,

[ xi ]

gifirate, the apprehtnsion of more, perhaps,

than censure, for an involuntary error in his -duB ; but no licence is hereby given him to trifle with the obvious directions of a , or to adopt a latitude of interpretation, which is neither safe nor rantablei

It iuas certainly an instance of equal candour and wisdom to encourage, as much as fons to flip forward, who, though their rank and Jituation in life, as well as their liberal education, marked them as most proper for this office, had yet been found too generally averse from engaging in it. We will not allow ourfehes to impute this -

ness to a mere love of dissipation, or a mere dislike to buflness. We are willing to think, that there are very few individuals of the above description, in point of rank, fortune, and education, who would not feci great satisfaction in finding themselves materially

serviceable to their country, in the discharge of an office fio important to the suppression of vice, and to the advancement and security of the public welfare: We have seen, and now fee them, cheerfully foregoing the comforts of domefiic life, and readily withdrawing their attention from their private concerns, in order to devote their time, andfome their fortune and their health, to the arduous duties of a military life: Whence is it then that so few have been found b 2 equally

t ]

equally ready to dedicate some portion of their hours to the preservation of public and to the maintenance of good order and decency among their neighbours ? It could only have arisen from

henjion of some more than ordinary objlacks and imp* diments: They must surely have been deterred by the consideration, that, in order to attain to a competent

knowledge of the duties of a Magistrate* a tedious* thorny path was to bepurfuei; where no small share of difficulties -wouldmeet them by the way; and after all their labour* no inconsiderdble danger of mif carrying would be incurred* even under the left information* which,' till of late years* they were able to procure-

It has been oaf happier lot* to find these objections in a great measure removed: We have fern what tight has been thrown on the fluiy of the municipal and statute laws* by the , , and

learned Commentaries of that aceomplished Sir William Blacrstone : And we have good reasontohope, that the chair of future more easily be filled by persons of conference and respe&ability* well qualified for this ufefvl department in society; whcnwethat the Jtudy of the common law makes at this time a very -Jiderabkpart of academical education.

But

[ 3

But if no such advantages as theft subsisted, the

excellent work of Dr. Burn would alone be sufficient to remove the principal discou, which -tncrfy deterred such, as were not inured to the habits of close enquiry, and toilfme refearSince that work

has been so universally received, and fojvftly admired

and approved, the Justice of the Peace has seldom

been at a loss for necessary information in almost every common case: And perhaps the only apology which can be offered for hazarding the following , when

a work, so deservedly esteemed, is in almost every hand,

is this: That the four volumes of Dr. Burn,

(ithough no Magistrate ought to be without them, as books of reference) comprise more, than it is necessary for a Justice of the Peace to,

the ordinary duties of his office: From these, undoubtedly, much satisfactory information may be derived on subjects of no inconfderable,

though not immediately connected with the duties of a Magistrate.

If the following compendium shall be found in any degree to facilitate the administration of justice,by more

obvieufly exhibiting all that is written in the law on every ordinary subject, the Editor flatters himself he shall have rendered no inconfderable feroice to his brethren in the commission; and will think his labours amply recmpenfed by their favourable acceptance of his befl endeavours.

ADVERTISEMENT.

[ XV ]

ADVERTISEMENT.

IT may seem an unnecessary trespass on the Public, to offer to their notice this Third Edition of The Magistrate's Assistant; especially when another source has been recently opened upon the same subject, with such a body of information, (as appears from the title of it) as must henceforth leave the erring Magistrate altogether without excuse.

The long and well-deserved reputation of ' "Burris Justice of the P,&c. has not, it seems, discouraged another able compiler from coming forward with a Work of equal magnitude, under the title of The Whole Law relative to the Duty and Office of a Justice of the , &c. but neither the labours of this learned Editor, Mr. Williams, nor those of his pre-decessor, have induced us to alter our opinion, as delivered on the lirft appearance of this Work: Its utility as a Manual, or Book of immediate Reference, is still the same: It does not pretend to supersede the necessity of occasional application to more voluminous publications ; but it professes to conduct the upright and well-designing Magistrate, by a short

C *v» J

and cafy way, and with as little trouble, and as little waste of time as may be, to the point, at which he wiflies to arrive, viz. the Elucidation of the Truth, the Vindication of the Oppressed, the Restraint of the DUobedient, and a due Administration of Justice towards all.

If this point is secured in the following Work, its end will be fuSficiently answered in all ordinary cases: And where Magistrates have curiosity to investigate, and leisure to pur-sue their enquiries farther, they will never want the means of useful and entertaining research, so Jong as the above-mentioned compilations, and also the very judicious Publication, by Mr. Const, from the papers of Mr. Box t, on tho Poor Laws, are within their reach.

1

Accessary.

Accessary.

ACCESSARY is one that is concerned in the felony ly AcceiTiry de-

commahdment, aidt or receipt scribed.

In high treason, there are no accessaries, either before i or after; for all are principals. — In cases that are criminal, 613. None ia but not capital, such as petty larceny, trespass, there are tre«son,s*c. no accessaries. — But as to felonies by act of parliament, those that counsel or command the offence, are accessaries before; Who before the and those that knowingly receive the offender, are accessaries who after.

The buyer or receiver of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, 29 G. e. bell.metal, or folder, knowing them to be stolen, may be Buyer* or re-convicted, although the principal hath not been convicted; cf*cw *ccefl*-and shall be transported for fourteen years. ncl'

Every person, who shall buy or receive any stolen jewel or yoG. 3. c. 4S. jewels, or any stolen gold or silver plate, watch or watches. Receiver of fto-knowing the same to have been stolen, accompanied with a len good* accef-burglary actually committed in stealing the same, or to have been feloniously taken by a robbery on the highway, shall be triable, as well before conviction of the principal felon, whether he be in or out of custody, as after his conviction: and if such person, so buying or receiving, shall be convicted thereof, how ponished. he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for 14 years.

Additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

BY this act, from April 5, 1791, an additional duty of 10 31 (* 3* f* per Cent, upon the gross amount, shall be raised on all °n *hit aTtff-assessments made after that day under any ad now in force, by meat*r*ed* the Commissioners for taxes; and also upon the said assessments for the half year, ending Afril 5, 1791.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed Ex tionf4 to extend, tq the land tax; or to the duties on inhabited houses, granted by 24 G. 3. c. 38. New duties are to be paid in addition to the duties on houses, . by 6 G.3, c.

385 on inhabited houses, by 19 G. 3, c. 59; on waggons,

&c* by 23 G. 3, c. 66;on horses, by 24 G. 3, c* 31, and 29G. 3»r. 49; on servants, by 25 G. 3, 43; and on

When so coafidmd, Set St

B coaches

Same Comraissioners.

When to be paid.

Penalties as before*

Where paid, and bow applied.

Security to be given by collector).

Additional Duties on Taxes.

coaches, &c. by 25 G. 3, c. 47, and 29 G. 3, r. 49. The Commissioners, for putting in execution the several acts before mentioned, on the amount of which the said additional rates or duties are hereby imposed, shall be Comraiflioners for executing the present act; and the several Receivers-General appointed, or who shall be appointed, to receive the said former rates and duties, by virtue of the said former acts, shall, without any new commission, or any further security, be Receivers General of the said additional rates or duties ; and the several surveyors, inspectors, assess'ors, and collectors respectively appointed, or to be appointed, to put in execution the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, asse fTors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act.

From April5, 1791, the additional duty is to be paid quarterly ; the first payment to be on July 5, 1791 ; — and the affelfors are required to ascertain the amount thereof, and certify the same to the Commissioners at their respective meetings.

The additional rates or duties shall be managed, collected, paid, recovered, and accounted for, under such penalties, as the former rates and duties, upon the amount of which any of the said additional rates or duties may be chargeable by virtue of this act, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions are expressly varied by this act ; and all things, contained in any act or acts of Parliament relative to the said former rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided, for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to theadditional rates or duties by this act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this act, shall be in full force, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, as if the same or the like powers, and authorities, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

These duties are to be paid into the Exchequer, on or before April5, 1792, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund; and the duties afterwards to be applied in payment of 1,833,0001. to be raised by Exchequer bills. And on payment of the said 1,833,000!.and interest, the additional duties to cease. Such persons as shall be nominated to be collectors of the said former rates and duties shall, if required so to do, give good and sufficient security to any three or mere of the Commissioners for carrying this act into execution, equal to the amount of the whole rate to be collected in each district, for their duly paying to the Receiver-General such monies as shall come to their hands; and on failure of the persons so named to be collectors giving such security, if required, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be at liberty to appoint any other two or more sufficient persons, who can give such security, residing within the limits and bounds of the parishes,

townships.

3

Affray.

townships, Sec. to be collectors of the said former rates and duties.

If no persons can be found within the several parishes, who are willing or able to give such security, the persons who were first named by the Commissioners shall be collectors of the said former rates and duties.

Affray.

AN affray is a public offence to the terror of the iing's - Affray described, jests; so called,because it affrighteth and maketh men afraid.

From whence it seems clearly to follow, that there may be Different from an assault, which will not amount to an affray. assault.

Any one who fees others fighting, may lawfully part them, i 236. and also stay them till the heat be over, and then deliver them Affrajera how to the constables to be carried before a justice, to find sureties dealt w,th* for the peace.

A con liable is bound at his peril to use his best endeavours 1 137.

to part an affray; and to demand the assistance of others, Constable bound which if they refuse to give him, they are punishable with fine and imprisonment. — And he may either carry the often- beforcTjustice! der before a justice, to find sureties for the peace, or he may imprison him of his own authority for a reasonable time, till the heat be over, and also afterwards detain him till he find such surety by obligation. — But a constable hath no power to Constable'i au-arrest a man for an affray done out of his own view, without limited,

a warrant from a justice, unless a felony was done, or likely to be done ; for it is the proper business of a constable to preserve the peace, and not to punish the breach of it.

A justice of the peace cannot without a warrant authorize the arrest of any person for an affray out of his own view; yet 3/# he may make out his warrant to bring the offender before him, in order to compel him to find sureties for the peace.

All affrays in general are punishable by fine and impri- Affrayi how pu-fonment. nilhabte.

x Haw. 138#

Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors.

BY this act, an additional duty of 10s. 6d. is to be paid *4

for every licence for retailing beer, ale. Sec. over and e. 33. Addici-above all other duties chargeable thereon. c0.al dut7 on

The new duty to be under the government, care, and ma- jJflVn'whomthe nagement of the commissioners of the stamp duties. minigcment

B 2 Ale- iaveded.

4

Alehouses.

Alehouses.

IF an alehouse lodges and entertains travellers, it is also an inn.

Two justices (i may esquire of innholders, and of all and iingular other persons, who shall offend in the abuse of weight and measures, or in the sale of victuals.

Every person lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer, or enalty for fel- other exciseable liquors, by retail, without licence (except

Whin deemed

an inn.

Subject to Jof-ticea' enquiry.

Ci j. 46.

I

ling ale without jn » fairs, and except retailers of spirituous liquors without

licence.

9C.3

licence, for whom other penalties are provided by law) Hull forfeit for the fird offence 40s. and also the cods and expences of conviction ; if not paid within 14 days after conviction, the offender to be imprisoned for one month, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty and the cods; for the second offence 4I. and also the cods and expences of conviction ; if not paid within one week, to be imprisoned two months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty, and the cods; for the third offence 61, and also the cods and expences of conviction; if not paid within three days, to be imprisoned for three months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty and thecofts; and the like penalty for every other offence after the third, as for the third offence. Ay which cods and expences shall be ascertained by the judice before whom the offender shall be convicted. One moiety of all which penalties and forfeitures shall be to the king; and the other moiety, and all such costs, charges, and expences, to the prosecutor.-r-The same to be to heard and determined by one judice: who shall f summon the party accused, and the witnesses; and shall proceed to hear the matter, and examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment ; and if he convict the party accused, and such party shall refuse to pay the penalty, with the cods, he shall issue his warrant for apprehending and committing to prison every fdch offender, for such time, and in such manner, as the nature of the offence shall require.

Where a judice shall suspect that any person fells without licence, he may call such person before him, and also any exexamine excise cife-officer to produce his dock-book; and may examine such 0 cers# officer on oath in what manner be charges such person, and

how such person pay£ the duties; and if it shall appear, that Persons charged such person is surveyed as a victualler or retailer, and is charged with excise-ju- with the same duties that victuallers and retailers are charged

tie* deemed ale- wich9 he shall be deemed an alehouse-keeper, victualler, re-house keepers. r

As to towns, end places whe»e fairs are kept, fortine of such fairs. See 5 and 6 Ed. 6. c. 25, § 6, and 3 Car. :. 4, ^ 6.

of See Appendix, No. 78,

tailor.

Pfoakias how

difpufed of.

One Justice determine.

*6 G. . e. 31 Justicea may

Alehouses.

tailer, or feller thereof, as if the same had been proved by two witnesses.

Any witness neglecting or refusing to appear upon summons at the time and place appointed, without a reasonable excuse to be allowed by such justice, or appearing and refusing to be examined on oath and give evidence, shall forfeit 20s.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved by the con-▼i&ion of such justice, he may appeal to the next quarter sessions; on left they are held within six days; in which case he may appeal to the following sessions, after giving security to the satisfaction of the justice, for the payment of the penalty, costs, and expences of such conviction.

If any person shall fell or deliver any beer or ale, to any person that fttall then fell beer or ale as a common tipler or ale-housekeeper, (except it be for the use of his houshold only) the same person not having licence to fell ale or beer; he shall, forfeit for every barrel 6s. 8d. and so proportion ably for other quantities; half to the poor, and half to him that shall foe in sessions, by action of debt, information, indictment, or prefen tment.

No licence shall be granted to any person to keep a common inn or alehouse, but at a general meeting of the justices acting f in the division where the said person dwells, to be holden for that purpose, on the first day of September yearly, or within twenty days after, and not at any other time. — -This shall not alter the power or the time of granting licences, in cities and towns corporate.

The day and place for granting licences shall be appointed by two or more justices for the division, by warrant under their bands and seals, at lead ten days before such meeting, directed to the high constables, requiring them to order their petty con (tables, or other peace officers, to give notice to the several innkeepers and alehousekeepers within their respective confta-blewicks, of the day and place of such meeting. And all licences granted at any other time and place shall be void.^ — And no licence shall be granted to any person not licensed the year preceding (except in cities or towns corporate) unless he produce a certificate under the hands of the and the major

part of the churchwardens and overseers, or el(e of three or four reputable and substantial houffiolders of the place, setting forth that such person is of good same and of sober life and conversation; and it shall be mentioned in such licence that such certificate was produced, otherwise the licence shall be void.

A mandamus will not lie to compel the justices to license any person.

N. B. The intnifion, therefore, of magistrate, acting in another division, to grant licence, to person, judged by their own magistrates improper to be licensed, appears to be not only extremely indecent, but aMo absolutely illegal; and ettrylicence so obtained, i, null and void.

No

5 G, 3. c. 46. Witness not appearing.

/</♦ Persons aggrieved.

47- f\4* Penalty for delivering beer to an unlicensed publican.

a G. » c. 98.

26 G. a. c, 31, Licence when granted.

Exception, as to cities, dec.

6 G 9. c. 31.

Ten day* notice of the licensing day*

Certificate how signed.

Strang* 881* Justicea not compellable.

6

Alehouses

26 G. a. t. 13. What Justicei disqualified to grant Licences*

Publicans' fore-

lirs.

5 6 E 6.

« 25.

a G. 2* r. iS.

Z)j/r. c. 76. Cautions to Juf* tices.

a6 G. 2. e. 31. Recognizance whither sent.

Penalty for licencing without recognizance.

5 S' 6 Ed* 6. c.

Power of enquiry concerning publicans.

No justice of the peace, being a common brewer of ale or beer, innkeeper, or dilliller, or a feller of or dealer in ale or spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades, or being a victualler or maltrter, shall be capable, or have any power to grant licences for felling ale or beer or any other liquors,but the same shall be void.

The person licensed shall enter into a recognizance in 10I. with two sureties in 5I. each, or one surety in 10I. as well against theufing of unlawful games, as also for the using and maintenance of good order and rule, to be had and used within the same. If the person to be licensed does not appear, being necessarily hindered, two sureties mud be bound for him or her in 10I. each.

These three things are especially recommended to the juf tices'care: 1. That no alehousekeeper, upon the Lord's day, should receive, or suffer to remain, any persons whatsoever, as their gueits, in any of their houses or other places, to tipple, eat or drink ; other than travellers, and such as come upon necessary business. 2. That they suffer no person whatsoever, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain there after the hour of nine in the evening in winter, and ten in summer. 3. That they suffer no person, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain tippling there above one hour, other than travellers*

The recognizance, with the condition thereof, fairly written or printed, shall forthwith, or, at the next sessions at farthest, be font or returned to the clerk of the peace, under the hands of the justices, to be by him entered or filed among the records. And for every licence granted, without taking such recognizance, and for every such recognizance taken, and not sent or returned, every justice signing such licence, shall forfeit 3I. 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue, together with cods. — The clerk of the peace shall keep a register or calendar of all such recognizances, and shall deliver to the justices, at the meeting for granting licences, a true copy of such regider or calendar. — And for every recognizance shall be paid by the clerks of the justices taking such recognizances, to the clerk of the peace, for filing or recording the same. &c. is. which shall be paid to the clerks of the said justices, by the persons licensed, over and above the fees payable to the said justices* clerks.

The justices shall have power, in their quarter-sessions, to enquire of all such persons as shall be admitted and allowed to keep any alehouse or tiplinghouse, and that be so bound by recognizance, if they have done any ail whereby they hsve forfeited the same recognizance, and they shall, upon such presentment or information, award process against every such person so presented or complained of before them, to shew why he should not forfeit his recognizance; and shall have power to hear and determine the same, by all such ways and means, ac by their discretion shall be thought good.

Any

Alehouses

Any justice, on complaintor information that such licensed person hath committed any act, whereby in the judgment of such justice the recognizance may be forfeited, may, by summons underhand and Teal, require such person to appear at the general or quarter sessions, then and there to anftver to the matter of such complaint and information ; and also may bind the complainant, or any other person, in recognizance, toap. pear and give evidence; and the sessions may dirett the jury, which Qiall there attend for the trial of traverses, or some other jury of twelve honest and substantial men, to be then and there impannelled by the sheriff without fee, to enquire thereof; and if the jury find that such person hath done any ad, whereby the recognizance is broken, such ad being specified in such complaint or information, the court may adjudge him guilty ; which verdict and adjudication shall be final: and thereupon the court shall order the recognizance to be estreated into the exchequer, to be levied to his majesty's use; and the said person shall be disabled to fell any ale. for three years. Provided, that the justices, at the request of the prosecutor, or of the party complained of, or either of his sureties, may adjourn the trial to the then next sessions. — And if any person shall be disabled, by conviction, to fell ale, beer, or cyder, or perry, he shall, by the same conviction, be disabled to fell any spirituous liquors, any licence before obtained for that purpose notwithstanding; which said conviction shall be certified to the next sessions, to be filed among the records.

From and after July31, 1792, if any person duly licensed to keep an alehouse, inn, victualling-house, or to fell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, shall happen to die before the expiration of such licence, or if any person so licensed, or the executors, administrators, or assigns of any person dying so licensed, shall remove from or yield up the possession of such housein which such ale, beer, or other liquors shall by virtue of such licence be fold, and shall assign such licence ; or in case any such house shall become empty or unoccupied, the late occupier whereof was duly licensed at the last general licensing day in September, previous to the time such house became empty or unoccupied, in every such case (except as herein is otherwise provided) two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the county, riding, division, or place, at a Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the same division in which such house shall be situate, may grant a licence duly stamped, to the executors, administrators, or assigns of the person so dying, who shall be possessed of such house, or to any new tenant or occupier, upon such removal, or upon the house becoming empty or unoccupied as aforesaid, to open or continue open such house as an alehouse or victualling-house, and to fell ale, beer, and other liquors aforesaid there till the next genera] licensing day : Or, the said justices, in their discretion may allow such executors or administrators, or other persons afore-

7

a6 C. z. c. 31. Justice may fa mm on them,

may bird them over to the ft ffions.

JuJgment final.

Recognisance

estreated.

Publican difi-bled for 3 year*.

and also from selling spirits.

32 C, 3. c, 59.

On the deaila or removal of a licensed person.

Licence to r*e-cutois,

8

Alehouses

Certificate within 30 days*

Recognizances with lure ties

to be returned*

Petty sessions far assigning licences.

Licensed person in Middlesex and Surrey dying or removing*

Licence granted at special meeting i

said, possessed of any such licence, to continue open such house for the purpose aforesaid, under and by virtue of such licence, until the expiration thereof; every such executor, administrator, orassign, and every such tenant or occupier, obtaining, within thirty days after such death or removal, or after his or her entering upon the post'eflion of such house, and producing to the said Justices, such certificate, and entering personally into such recognizance, with such sureties as are directed by the 26 G. 2. e. 31; in respect to persons to whom licences are to be granted by virtue of the said act; which said certificate and recognizance, with the condition thereof fairly written or printed, and attested by the Justices granting or allowing such licence, shall forthwith, or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace at farthest after granting such licences, be sent or returned to the Clerks of the Peace, to be by them, or other personsading as such, duly entered or filed amongst the records of the Sections of the Peace.

In Middlesex and Surrey,the Justices at the General Licensing Meetings, are required to appoint not less than fix nor more than eight special days of meeting at different equal periods, as near as maybe, in each year next ensuing such general li-cenling-meetings; on which days it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices acting in and for the said divisions, to, meet and to grant or continue licences in the cases and in the manner and for the time herein before-mentioned; and the Justices assembled at the said general licensing-meetings are hereby directed and required to cause due notice to be given of the times and places at which such special meetings shall respectively be holden.

If any person so licensed as aforesaid, within the said counties of A Uddlefexand Surrey,or the executors, ad mini lira tors, or

alligns of any persons dying so licensed, shall remove from such house, or yield up the possession thereof in manner aforesaid, or if any such house, within the refjpedive counties aforesaid, shall be or become empty or unoccupied, in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case, before such licence shall be continued, or a new licence granted to open or continue open any such house as an alehouse, inn, or victualling-house, the person or persons so succeeding as the occupier or occupiers thereof shall appear at the next special meeting to be holden for the division wherein such house shall be situated ; and the Justices assembled at such special meeting shall and may (upon such certificate being produced to them, and such recognizance being entered into as is herein before-mentioned) grant a licence to such new tenant or occupier, or in their discretion allow a continuance of any licence before granted, in manner aforesaid, to open or continue open such house as an alehouse, inn, or victualling-house, and to fell ale, beer, and other exciseable liquors there until the next general licensing day ; any thing in the ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Alehouses. 9

Sot nothing in this act contained shall extend, to impower But not to any tny Justices of the PeAce at any Petty Sessions to grant a new houfr<e li-licence to any house, the occupier whereof was not duly licensed ""J licensiifg" at the general licencing day next before such Petty Sessions. day.

Nothing herein contained shall extend, to alter the time of granting licences for keeping of common inns or alehouses, or Not in ^ fotce to oblige persons not licensed the year preceding, to produce \n the city uf Certificates in the city of London. Lon on#

Every person entering into the poflession of any licensed ale- Penalrles on of-house, inn, Sec. who shall fell any ale, beer, or other excise- *®der a6*‘nft able liquors, unless authorized and impowered so to do by the lbu *"* Justices at the Petty Sessions next ensuing after the expiration of such thirty days, in the manner herein before directed, shall from thence be liable to all the penalties, punishments, and forfeitures, to which persons felling ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, without a licence, are subject by the act 5 G. 3. e. 46.

The certificate herein before directed to be obtained by the Certificate In-person or persons requiring to be licensed, shall, after the ob- t?7tffion. ^ taining thereof, be an indemnity to him, her, or them, for (el- 1 ling any beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, till after such Petty Sessions shall have been held*

In all cases where the continuance of a licence shall be allowed, or a new licence shall be granted as aforesaid, by the Licence to ha Justices at any Petty Sessions, the Clerk of the Peace for the county, Sec. where the house is situate, shall record the same, and shall be paid the lum of one shilling, and no more*

The justices in Easter sessions yearly (and mayors in corpo- 8 EL r. 9 /. rations) shall rate the price of all barrels, kilderkins, firkins, to f*e

and other vessels to be sold for ale or beer to be uttered therein: Pnceof Te *

And if any cooper (halt not fell the same according to such rate, he shall forfeit 3s. 4d.; half to the king, and half to him that shall sue*

Every barrel of beer, within the bills of mortality, shall be n C. t* 1 if. 36 gallons, and the barrel of ale 32 gallons; and in all other places, 34 gallons shall be reckoned for a barrel of beer or ™uouof ale. *

All innkeepers, alehouse-keepers, and other retailers of ale 11 Of 1* or beer, shall retail and fell the same in and from their houses, by a foil ale.quart or ale-pint, according tb the standard of ,H

the exchequer, in a vessel made and sized to the standard and (igoed, stamped, or marked, either from the exchequer, or from some city, town-corporate, borough, or market-town, where a standard ale-quart or pint, made from the said standard,

shall be kept for that purpose; on pain of forfeiting not above 40s. nor under 10s. for every offence; half to the poor, and half to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same ; to be recovered before one joftice, by the oath of one witness, and to be levied by warrant of distress* The prosecution to be within 30 days. — And every mayor, or chief officer, shall, ort request

C to

io

Alehouses.

t Jm. c. 9* a i Jj e.7.

Penalty for fuff&ring tippling.

4 >

at Ja. r. ? tDifaolcd for yeiru

4 7- < 5* Tipplen how pumihed*

to him made, cause ale-quarts and ale-pints, made of food and wholesome materials, which shall be brought to him, to be measured with the standard in his custody, and shall then cause the same to be signed, stamped, and marked with W. R. and a crown, for which they shall not receive above one farthing for each measure, on pain of 5I.

If any innkeeper, victualler, or alehouse keeper, or tavern keeper keeping an inn or victualling-house, shall fuller any inhabitant (or other person, 1 Car. 1. r. 4) to continue drinking or tippling therein (except such as shall be invited by any traveller during his necessary abode there; and except labouring and handicraftsmen in cities, upon the usual working days, for one hour at dinner-time, to take their diet in an alehouse ; and except labourers and workmen, which, for the time of their said continuing in work there, sojourn, lodge, or vidual in any inn. See.) he shall, on conviction thereof before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view or confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 10s. to the poor. The same to be levied by the constable or churchwardens by way of distress; and for default of satisfaction in six days, the distress to be appraised and fold ; rendering the overplus; and for want of futHcient distress, the party offending to be committed to the common goal, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid. And if the conilable or churchwardens do neglect their duty in levying, or do not levy the penalties; or in default of distress, do neglect to certify the default, by the space of 20 days, to such mayor or justice; every person so offending, shall forfeit 40s. to the poor, to be levied by way of distress by warrant from such mayor or justice; the distress to be detained six days; in which time, if payment be not made, the goods may be appraised and fold, returning the overplus; for want of which distress, the constable or churchwarden so offending, shall be by such mayor or justice com mined to the common gaol, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid.

The said offence may be enquired of and presented before justices of assize, justices of the peace in their sections, mayors in corporations, and in the leet.

If any alehouse-keeper shall suffer any inhabitant to continue drinking or tippling therein as aforesaid, he shall be disabled for the space of three years to keep any such alehouse.

If any person (unless those before excepted) shall continue drinking or tippling, in any inn, or alehouse, he shall, on con-vision thereof, before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view, confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit for every offence 3s. ^d. within one week, to the churchwardens, for the life of the poor: And if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress: And if he be not able to pay, the justice may punish the offender*, by setting him in the llocks for every offence by the space of four hours.

The

Annuities, Apples, Apprentices. 1 x

The offender to be presented, indicted, or convicted in fix 4 7a\‘*$*

months. month" C*

And all constables, churchwardens, ale-conners, and fidef- aj 7 men, shall, in their several oaths incident to their offices, be officers to *prc^ charged to present the said offence. And if any alehouse- sent. keeper shall be convicted of the said offence, he shall moreover 7a* for the space of three years, be disabled to keep any such ale- ai . 7, house.

Note, — The universities, and freemen of the Vintners' company by patrimony or apprenticeship only, are generally excepted out of these acts concerning alehouses; and also the persons who shall keep the three wine-taverns in the borough of St. Alban's.

Annuities.

BY several arts, an oath of an annuitant's life is tobe made Oath Wore juf.

before a justice of the peace, who shall give a certificate * thereof, in ordlr to entitle such person to receive his annuity.

Apples and Pears.

THE measure shall be round, and in diameter eighteen «c4

inches and a half within the hoop, and eight inches deep 5 and so in proportion: and whosoever shall fell or buy any apples or pears by any other measure', shall forfeit 10s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, on conviction on the oath of bne witness, before one justice, or mayor, to be levied by the petty constable by warrant of the said justice, by distress and lale. But this shall not extend to any measure sealed and allowed by the fruiterers* company in London.

Apprentices,

TFKSn^PMfon' rU"derKt?f a8e.of m' 'h,a'l^Cr„qU!rCf|bya7 tVhi'r^iirtd *.

A housholder, using half a ploughland at lead in tillage, to

be an apprentice, and to serve in husbandry, or other art, and shall refuse so to do, then (on complaint of such housekeeper to one justice or head officer) he (nail fend for the person refuting ; and if he shall think the said person meet to serve, and such person refuse tobe bound, he may commit him to ward, there to remain, until he be contented, and will be bound.

The churchwardeps and overseers, or the greater part of 2*47*

them, by the afftntof two justices (1 <£.) may bind any such churchwarden#,

C 2 children, &c. m^ebind.

j 2 Apprentices.

children, whose parents they shall judge not able to maintain them, to be apprentices where they shall see convenient, till such man child shall come to the age of 21, and such woman child to the age of 21, or marriage; the same tobeaseffe&nal to all purposes, as if such child were of foil age, and by in* denture of covenant bound him or herself. paty tod (lamps jjy g o. a duty of 54. in the pound, where the ap-

for.ndeoto.it. prentice,# fcc is from , l0 jol. — where it is 50I. and upwards, is. for every pound is to be paid, by the matter or millrefs of every apprentice, clerk, or servant, bound by in* dentures. The indentures within the bills of mortality are to be brought to the (lamp-office within one month; if executed in the country, to the agents of the (lamp-office within two months, and the duty paid, under a penalty of 50I. and mak* ing void the indentures, 9 21. The (lamp 00 the in*

denture is 12s. — Each indenture mud be on a 6s. (lamp; except parish apprentices, for whom a 6d. (lamp on each indenture is sufficient, and no duty on the sum given. The sum con traded for, and given with, or in relation to, every apprentice or clerk, shall be inserted and specified in the in* denture, &c. on pain of themader or mi dress's forfeiting doable the sum so given, paid, or contracted for.

% £> 9 TV. c, 30. And where any poor child shall be appointed tb be bound

apprentice by the 43 EL the person to whom he is appointed Duty ofthofc to to be bound, shall receive and provide for him, and also eg* whom sppren- ecute the other part of the indentures; and if he shall refuse pointed* f° to ^°* oat^ thereof made by one of the churchwardens p or overseers, before two justices, he shall forfeit 10I. by dif-

Penalty for not tress and sale, by warrant of such justices, to the use of the receiving. poor Qf tile pariflj pr p]ace where the offence was committed;

saving always to the person to whom any poor child shall be appointed to be bound apprentice, if he shall think himself ag> Power cfappeal, grieved thereby, his appeal to the next sections, whose order therein shall be final.

ao G. 3, c. 36. Dircdors and guardians of the poor, in particular incorporated hundreds or didrifts, have the same powers to bind poor children ; and every inhabitant, being an occupier of lands in the parish, is bound under the same penalties to receive and provide for them.

N. B. If the mader is diffatlsfied, he ipay appeal to the sessions.

Choice shall always be made of the poored children ; and no such apprentice shall be above 15 years of age when bound.

6. It shall be lawful for two justices, and for the head-officers incorporations, and for the churchwardens and overseers of the several parishes or township$> with the consent of such justices or head-officers, to bind and put out any boy of the ageof

Every one, who by his profession, or manner of living, hat occasion to .keep fcmnta, and ia approved of by the justicea. Dalt, 58.

' ' tea

Apprentices. 13

ten years or upwards, or who shall be chargeable, or whose parents shall be chargeable, or who shall beg for alms, to be an Boy* apprentice to the sea-service, to any subject being matter or owner of any ship or vessel, until he shall attain the age of 21 9

years.

And every person to whom any poor boy shall be put apprentice by the 43 EL may, with the con fen t of two justices dwelling near the parish where such poor boy was bound, or with the like eon fen t of the chief officer in a corporation, at the request of the mailer, his executors, administrators, or assigns, by indenture assign over such poor boy apprentice, to nwy be assigned. any mailer or owner of a ship or vessel, using the sea-service, during the remaining time of his apprenticeship. — 'The boy's age shall be inserted in the indenture, being truly taken from a copy of the entry in the register-book (where it can be had) which copy shall be given and attestedby the miniller without fee: — -And where no such entry can be found, two such justices, and such head officers, shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of such boy's age, and from such information shall insert the same in the indentures. — The collector in the port shall keep a remitter of all such apprentices in such ships, and Registeref ap-from what panlhes and places they were sent; and shall trans- £fnticei mit (gratis) true copies thereof signed by him, to the quarter* * . sessions, or to such towns corporate, parisbes, or places, when 4ud so often as he shall be reasonably required so to do; and every collector refuting or neglecting to send such copy, shall forfeit 5I. to the poor of the parish from whence such boy was* bound. — Two justices near the port, and mayors of towns corporate, in or near adjoining to such port at which such ship or vessel shall at any time arrive, may determine all complaints of ill usage from the matier to such apprentice, and Complaints also of all such as shall voluntarily put themselves apprentices ^

to the sea service. — All the penalties aforesaid shall, by war- jufflcea near thn rant of two justices of the county, city, or town corporate, be port, levied by didrefs and sale,

A*/*, — Matters, apprentices, mariners, and others employed % G, % .'< 15. in tifhingveflels upon the coatis, arc qffmpted, during such their employment, from being impressed.

Jf any matter shall misuse or evil intreat his apprentice, or 5 El. c, 4. the said apprentice shall have any just caofe to complain, or if MaAer ^ the apprentice do not his duty to his matter, then the said map^t

matter or apprentice being grieved, and having cause to com- to one jaftice. plain, shall repair unto one justice ; and if the said jottice cannot compound and agree the matter, he shall take bond of the said master to appear at the next sessions; and on his appear- Matter boond ta ance, and hearing of the matter there, if it be thought meet to PPe*r W* discharge the said apprentice, then the justices, or # four of "onn,# them at the lead (1 J^) shall have power io writing under their

Four at leatt, whera the apprentice's fee exceeds 5I.

hands

14

Apprentices.

10 G. i* r. fg. Two justice*

m»j summon

mailer or m*f-tress, and discharge in certain caica.

Power of appeal.

5 SI. t. 4.

Apprentice flying into another county.

-14 g. r. 55.

Warrant to be

inaoxfed.

6 G. 3. c. 15.

shall frr*e oat his loll time j

hands and seals, to pronounce and declare, that they have discharged the said apprentice of his apprenticehood, and the cause thereof: — And the said writing, being inroiled among the records, shall be a sufficient discharge for trie apprentice again!! his mailer, his executors and admiiirtrators. And if the default shall be found to be in the apprentice, then the said justices. Sec. with the assist ince aforesaid, shall cause such due correction and punishment to be adminiiKred unto him, as by their wisdom and discretion shall be thought meet.

On complaint unto two justices, by any parish or other apprentice, upon whose binding out no larger a sum than 5I. was paid, concerning any ill-treatment, they may summon the mailer or millrels; and on proof upon oath of the truth of she said complaint, the said justices may discharge the apprentice, for which warrant or certificate no fee shall be paid. And such justices on complaint on oath by any mailer or millrefs, against any such apprentice, concerning any misdemeanor, milcarriage, or ill behaviour, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender, by commitment to the house of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour for a reasonable time, not exceeding one calendar month, or otherwise by discharging such apprentice.

Persons aggrieved by any determination, order or warrant of such justices, may appeal to the next sessions, who may award costs to either party not exceeding 40s. to be levied by distrest , and sale.

if any apprentice (hill flee into any other shire, the jafticet may iffne writs of capias to the (hcritfs of the counties, to take his body, that he maybe put in prison, till he finds sufficient furcty well and honestly to serve his m iller.

If a justice shall issue a warrant agdinlt such person, and he shall escape into another shire, the con liable or other person, on having the warrant indorsed by a justice in such other shire, may arrell him there, and carry him before a justice in such other shire, if the oJfence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall carry him back before a justice in the shire from whence the warrant did fir ?tilfue.

Jf any apprentice shall absent himself from his mailer's fer. vice, before the term of his apprenticeship shall be expired, he shall, at any time thereafter, whenever he shall be found (so it be within seven years after the expiration of his term) be compelled to serve his said mailer, for so long time as he shall have absented himself; unless he shall make satisfaction to his mailer for the loss he shall have fuilained by such absence ; and if he shall refuse so to serve, or to make satisfaction, the maf-ter may complain upon oath to one justice where he shall reside, who shall issue his warrant for apprehending such apprentice. And such justice, on hearing the complaint, may determine what fa: is faction shall be made to such m after by the apprentice. And if the said apprentice shall not give securicy to make satisfaction according to such determination, such justice

Apprentices.

15

may commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved by such determination, order, or warrant of the justice (except any order of commitment) may appeal to the next sessions.

Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to the (lannaries in Devon and Cornwall) or to impeach or lcffen the jurisdiction of the chamberlain of London, or of any other court within the said city, touching apprentices; nor to any apprentice, whose mailer shall have received with him the sum of 10I.

Servants going away with their roafter's goods, with intent to (leal them, shall be guilty of felony; but not to extend to apprentices.

Persons dealing to the value of 40s. being in a dwelling house or oothouse thereto belonging, tho' such house be not broken, and tho* no person be therein, are excluded from the benefit of clergy. But this not to extend to apprentices under 15 years of age; but if they be 15 years of age, they shall be guilty as other persons.

By 43 Eliz. e. 2. the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish, or the greater part of them, by the assent of two juiliccs of the peace, may bind any children, whose parents they shall judge to be not able to keep and maintain such children, to be apprentices, where they shall see convenient, till such man child shall come to the age of four years, and such woman child to the age of twenty-one years, or the time of her marriage. By 8 and 9 Will. 3. c. 30. 47. where any poor children shall be appointed to be bound apprentices, pursuant to the said act of Queen Elizabeth the persons to whom they arc so appointed to be bound apprentices, shall receive and provide for them according to the indenture signed and confirmed by two jnflices of the peace, and also execute the other part of the said indentures, under a penalty, in-case of refusal, of ten pounds, to be levied of the goods of the offender. When any man child should be bound to be an apprentice, by virtue of the said act 43 c, 2. such child shall be bound to be an apprentice for no longer term than till he shall come to the age of twenty-one years; and whereas several other regulations are necessary to be mada respecting parish apprentices. It is enacted, that from July 1, 1792, covenants for maintenance of parish apprentices, with whom no more than 5I. shall be given, shall continue in force no longer than three months after the death of the mailer or miilrefs. A proviso to that effect shall be annexed to the covenant; but if omitted, the covenant shall continue no longer in force than for three calendar months

or be com (kitted.

Power of appeal. S annaries and city of London excepted.

II H, 8. c. 7.

It Amr. i.

e. 7.

Apprentices in fume case* not felon* under 15 yean of age.

3»C?.S. r. 57.

Recital of 41 Elm, c. t.

and of 8, and 9.

3* < lOf and 47.

Further regulation* necessary.

Proviso to annexed.

N. B. A new form of indenture for parish-ipprentices with the preper in-dorfementa, Sec. requited by 3a G, 3 c, 57. it prepand, and to be had at

Fau.deaV in New Bond Street, London.

next

i6 Apprentices.

next after the death of such master or mistress, in case such master or mistress shall die during the term of such apprenticeship ; which proviso may be in the form or to the following effect:

stratoftmife. PROVIDED always. That the said last-mentioned cove-nanton the part of the said [the master] his execu-

tors and ad mini it ra tors, to be done and performed, (half continue and be in force for no longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of the said M, in case the said F. Af. shall happen to die during the continuance of such apprenticeship, according to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An act for the far* ther regulation of parish.

Within three months after the death of a master or mistress. Application to application may be made to two justices of the peace of the justices. county, city, town. See. where such master or mistress shall have died, by the widow of such master, or by the husband of such mistress, or by any son or daughter, or other legal representative of such master or mistress, by indorsement or other instrument in writing in the form or to the efted following:

County of? WHEREAS F. M. [the master] within J named, late of the parish of in the said county, died on the

day of being within three calendar

months now last past, we, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county aforesaid, whole names arc hereunto subscribed, on the application and at the request of A. M. widow [r>r as the case may he] of the said F. M.living with and being part of the family of the said F. M. at the time of his death, do hereby order and direct, that A. P. the apprentice within named, 1 who was in the service and actual employment of the J said F. M. at the time of his death shall serve the i said A. M. as such apprentice, for the residue of the term of such apprenticeship within mentioned, according to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, j An act for the further regulation of Parish \

Witness our hands, this day of

I, the above-named A. do hereby declare, that the above order is made at my request; and that I do accept the said A. P. as my apprentice, according to the terms and covenants contained in the said indenture, and according to

Content of

Justices*

Declaration of acceptance*

Apprentices,

to the provisions of the fai£ act. Witness my hand, the day and year above written.

County of C WHEREAS it appears unto us, two of

J his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, that A. P, ] was bound an apprentice, by the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of t to . M. [the ]

late of the said pan(h , and that the said F. M. died on the day of,

being within three calendar months now lad pad: now we, the said two justices, on the application and at the requed of A. M. as above, . [then, to the end, as before, mu fat is mutandis.]

This indrument may order and direct that such apprentice shall serve as an apprentice any one of such personsfo making such application, such person having lived with, and having been part of the family of, such mader or midrefs at the time of his or her death, as the said justices shall think fit, during the residue of the term mentioned in such indenture; and the person obtaining such order shall declare his or her acceptance of such apprentice, by subscribing his or her name to such order ; and from and after such order shall be made, the executors and administrators, and the personal alfets, estate, and effects of the mader or midrefs so dying as aforesaid, shall be released and discharged of and from any promise or covenant whatsoever, contained in such indenture; and the person obtaining the same shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, the mader or midrefs of such apprentice, in like manner as if such apprentice had been originally bound to such mader or midrefs; and such mader or midrefs and apprentice shall be subject and liable to the several penalties, provisions and regulations, which shall then be in force for the better government and good order of maders and parish apprentices; and all justices of the peace shall have the like powers and authority, with respect thereto, as they shall then have by any act or acts of Parliament relating to parish apprentices.

All the regulations and provisions herein-before made, and directed to take place on the death of the original mader or midrefs, shall be deemed and taken to relate to the like event of the death of any subsequent mader or midrefs, &c. during the continuance of the term mentioned in any such indenture of apprenticeship.

If no application be made within three calendar months after the death of such mader or midrefs, or the justices should not think fit that the apprenticeship should be continued, it shall be

D at

17

5J C. 3. e. 57.

Justicea order of allignment.

to one of ‘.he family of the deceased.

Assignee to have all the powers of the original mader or mif-tress.

Death of afiig-nee.

Where no application it made,

i8

3* <* j. c, $7*

What apprentice* included in this act*

If after tefofing to provide

maybe distrained on.

Alignment of apprentice how made*

Form of assign* ment.

Apprentices.

at an end, in like manner as it would have been at the expiration of the term mentioned in the indenture.

This act shall extend to such parish apprentices only as shall be living with the mailer or mistress at the time of the death' of any mailer or mistress respectively.

In case any such original mailer or mistress, or any mailer or mistress appointed under this act, or the executors or administrators of such mailers or mistresses, having aftets, Hull, during such three calendar months as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to maintain and provide for any such apprentice, according to the terms of such covenant; any two justices of the peace of the county, city, Sec. to which such apprentice shall belong, on complaint of such apprentice, or of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place, by warrant under their hands and seals, may levy by distress and sale of the personal estate nod efteds or aftets of such mailer or' mistress respectively, such sum or sums of money as shall be necessary for the maintenance and clothing of such apprentice, and at shall also be necessary to reimburse to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place, any sum or sums of money that mall have been reasonably expended by them for that purpose.

Any mailer or mistress of any such parish apprentice, may, by inaorfement on the indenture of apprenticeship, or by other instrument in writing, with the content of two justices of the peace of the county, city, town. . where such mailer or mistress shall dwell, tefkifiedby such justices under their hands, assign such apprentice to any person who is willing to take such apprentice for the residue of the term mentioned in such indenture: such person, by writing under his or her hand, Hating the said indenture of apprenticeship, and the indorsement and consent aforesaid, declaring his or her acceptance of such apprentice, and acknowledging himself, herself, his, or her executors and administrators, to be bound by the agreements and covenants mentioned in the said indenture; which indorsement or instrument may be in the form or to the following effect:

County of C BE it remembered, that the within-named

) F. M. [ thby and with the consent and

approbation of 1, P. and K. two of his majesty's Justices of the peace for the said county,. whose names are subscribed to the consent hereunder written, doth hereby af-iign A. P. the apprentice within named, unto N. M. [tkg nenjo master] to serve him during the residue of the term within mentioned; and that he the said AT. A /.doth hereby agree to accept and take the said . P. as an apprentice for the residue of the said term, and doth hereby acknowledge himself his executors and administrators, to be bound by the agreements and covenants within mentioned

on.

Apprentices.

on the part of the said F, Af. to be done and performed, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An act for the further regulation of Parish

In witness whereof we, the said F. M. and M. hare

hereunto set our hands, this day of

We, two of his majesty's justices of the peace above-mentioned, do consent thereto. Witness our hands, this day of

/. P.

K.P.

County off WHEREAS it appears onto us, 7. . and I K. P,two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, whose names are subscribed to the consent hereunder written, that A. ? was bound an apprentice by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of , to F. of the lame

pari ft), by indenture bearing date on or

about the day of until the said A. P, should attain his age of twenty-one years; Now be it remembered, that the said F. M, by and with the consent as above, &c.doth hereby assign [and so to the end, as before, mutatis m.]

And such apprentice shall be deemed and taken to be the apprentice of such subsequent master or mistress to whom such alignment shall be made, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Two justices may discharge parish apprentices whose masters or miftrertes cannot employ or maintain them, oh the application of such master or mistress, requesting that any such apprentice may be discharged, for the reasons aforesaid.

Nothing herein before contained shall extend to the indenture made on the binding of any apprentice, where a larger sum than five pounds fhaHl be given.

No indorsement on any parish-indenture of apprenticeship, shall be liable to stamp duty, and no other instruments shall be charged higher than the duty on parish-indentures.

In every case where any parish-apprentice whatsoever shall be discharged from his apprenticeship by two justices, by virtue of the act 20 G.2. e. 19. for cruel treatment or mifufage, such two justices shall and may order such master or mistress to deliver up to such apprentice his or her clothes and wearing apparel, and also to pay to such church -

D 2 wardens

19

3* a. 3. *. 57.

Justices COO-{cat.

Justices dedar*.

tion.

justices may disc charge.

If fee not more than 5I.

No indorsement damped.

On apprentices* di schar|«.

20

Apprentices.

31 c- 3- 57-

Clothes and lol.

or ^1. in lieu of clothes if refuted.

how recovered.

Churchwardens, &c. to prosecute.

Prosecution how paid.

fcrom 5!. to id. in lieu of having an ither apprentice.

Mjflers aggrieved may appeal.

wardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or place to which such apprentice shall belong, forae or one of them, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be applied under the order of such justices, for the again placing and binding out such apprentice so discharged, or otherwise, for his or her benefit, as to such justices shall seem meet; and also to pay a sum not exceeding 5I. in case such mailer or mistress shall refuse to deliver up such clothes and wearing apparel; and in case such mailer or mistress shall refuse to pay the sum so ordered, such two justices, by warrant under their hands and teals, may levy the same by distress and sale, together with the reasonable expences of such distress; two justices, if they shall think fit, may compel such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, some or one of them, to enter into a recognizance for the este£lual prosecution by indictment of such mailer or mistress for such ill treatment of any such apprentice so discharged, and also to order that the coils and expences of such prosecution shall be paid and reimbursed to such person or persons entering into such recognizance, one moiety out of the poor rates of the parish or place to which such apprentice shall belong, and the other moiety out of the common (lock of the county in which such parish or place shall lie; and in case the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place for the time being shall refuse to pay such their moiety, such two justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, may levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or either of them, together with the reasonable expences of such distress.

Where any parish-apprentice shall have been discharged from any master or mistress, and such mailer or mistress shall have been convicted of cruelty or other ill treatment, in consequence of a prosecution by indictment, or shall have been found guilty thereof in any action brought at the suit of the party injured, it (hair not be lawful for the churchwardens. to bind any other apprentice upon such person; but whenever such person ought or would be compellable to take a parish-apprentice, two justices of the peace of the county, &c. or place where such person shall reside, upon application made to them by the churchwardens and overseers, shall order and dirett that such person shall pay into the hands of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or one of them, a sum not exceeding 10I. nor less than 5I. for the purpose of binding out the child (intended to be bound) an apprentice, with the approbation of such two justices; and in case of refusal, such two justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, may levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of such person, together with the reasonable expences of such distress.

Mailers aggrieved may appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, which shall finally determine the same, and in their discretion allow to all parties their reasonable co(ls; and no such distress

shall

Apprentices. Arraignment. 21

shall be taken until after the fession, in case the person who it 3* £*3* f* 57*

I ordered to pay the same shall, within seven days after notice

( given of such order, give notice to such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, some or one of them, of such intended appeal; and in case such person shall fail to appear in support of his appeal, the sum of 40s. shall be added to the expences of the distress, and levied accordingly.

\ Where any parish apprentice shall be discharged by two juf- Apprentice dif-tices, from his or her apprenticeship, on account of any mif- charged for mif-demeanor, on the part of such apprentice, such two justices, be committed, if they think proper, by warrant under their hands and fea{s, may punish such offender by commitment to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for a reasonable time, i not exceeding three calendar months.

» If any person shall be aggrieved by any matter or thing done f by any churchwarden or overseer, or by any of his majesty's justices of the peace, or by any other person or persons by ( virtue of this act, besides such matters or things for which an Power of of appeal is herein-before specially given, it shall and may be peal-lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next general f quarter fession s of the peace, where the same shall be heatd Court may a.

' and finally determined ; and such court may award reasonable ward co*'

fcofis and expences to either party before them.

N. B. For settlement by apprenticeship, fee that article under Poor,

f Arraignment.

J A RR AIGNMENT is nothing else but the calling the h. H. *16. jT\ offender to the bar of the court, to answer the matter Arraignment charged upon him. what*

Theprisoner on his arraignment, though under the indict- % 19.

ment or the highest crime, must be brought to the bar without Not to be in V irons and all manner of (hackles or bonds, unless there be a ,rons*

; dauger of escape, and then he may be brought with irons.

1

i

Arrest.

1 T)OWER is given to the justices of the peace, to take and n Pd, 3. r. 1.

j Jf arrest all those whom they may find by indictment or by I'oweiot arrest.

ju/picion, and to put them in prison.

By the justices' oath of office, the warrant ought not to be W. 1.

directed to the party, but to some indifferent person, to exe- To whom the CUte it. warrant it di-

Constables and others may, on having the warrant indorsed e.

by a justice in another county, nto which an offender shall indorsemeot of

have warrant.

f

Arrest

2 %

Daft. e. 171. Power of the county to fee taken to pursue, Ac.

In whst cases doors may be broken open.

% haw,86. j H. H. 58a. a H. H, 117. Dalt. c. 169. z H, H. ' 51.

% Raw, 86.

3 Haw, 137. a Haw. 87.

Da//, f. 176,

1 H. H. 589. Sofpe&ed person to be delitered to the constable.

a H. H. 95.

Constable* wl h affrayers,drunkard!, Ac.

have escaped, arrest an offender in such other county, and carry him before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of such other county, if the offence is bailable, to find bail; or else shall carry him back again before! justice in the county from whence the warrant did first issue.

Any justice, or the sheriff, may take of the county any number that he shall think meet, to pursue, arrest, and imprison traitors, murderers, robbers, and other felons; or such as do break, or go about to break, or disturb the king's peace: and every man, being required, ought to assist and aid them, on pain of fine and imprisonment. — Where a justice, sheriff, or other officer, is enabled to take the power of the county, it seemeth they may command and ought to have the aid and attendance of all knights, gentlemen, yeomen, husbandmen, labourers, tradesmen, servants, and apprentices, and of all others persons being above the age of fifteen years, and able to travel. — And in such case it is referred 10 the discretion of the justice, sheriff, or other officer, what number they will have to attend on them, and how and after what manner they shall be armed or otherwise furnished.

I. Doors may be broken open upon a warrant from a justice of the peace, to find sureties for the peace or good behaviour, - — 2. An officer upon any warrant from a justice, either for the peace or good behaviour, or in any case where the king is party, may by force break open a man's house, to arrest the offender . — 3. On a warrant to search for stolen goods, the doors may be broke open, if the goods are there; and if they are not there, the constable seems indemnified, but he that made the suggestion, is punishable. — 4. Where forcible entry or detainer is found by inquisition before justices of the peace, or appears on their view, — 5. On the warrant of a justice of the peace for the levying of a forfeiture, in execution of a judgment, or conviction for it, grounded on any statute, which gives the whole or any part of such forfeiture to the king. —

6. Where an affray is made in a house, in the view or hearing of a constable, he may break open the doors to take them. —

7. If there be disorderly drinking or noise in a house, at an unseasonable time of night, especially in inns, taverns, or ale-houses, the constable or his watch, demanding entrance, and being refused, may break open the doors, to fee and supprest the disorder.

If the constable come unto the party, and require him to go before the justice, this is no arrest nor imprisonment.

When a private person hath arrested a felon, or one suspected of felony, he may deliver him to the constable, who may either carry him to gaol, or to a justice of the peace, or he may carry him immediately to a justice of the peace.

If the constable, or his watch, hath arrested affrayers, or persons drinking in an alehouse at an unseasonable time of night, he may put the persons in the stocks, or in the prison,

if

23

Assault and Battery.

[

l

If there be one in the vill, 'till the heat of their passion or intemperance is over, or 'till he can bring them before a justice.

If the arrest is by virtue of a warrant to bring the party be- 158l» fore the justice who granted the warrant then the of- Special^War-

ficer is bound to bring him before the same justice; but if the r*ntl how c*e-warrant be to bring him before any justice of the county, then cuted. it is in the election of the fficer, to bring him before what I(| whose eJec-justice he thinks fit, and not in the election of the prisoner. tion in other

And when he hath brought him to the justice, yet he is in case*, law Hill in his custody, till the justice discharge, or bail, or iao* commit him.

No action shall be brought against any constable or other of- *4 44*

ficer, or person acting by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until demand hath been made of the perusal and copy of such Copy of w,r_ warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for fix rant may be dedans after such demand. manded.

Assault and Battery.

ASSAULT is an attempt ot offer, with force and vio- i Haw, 133.

lence, to do a corporal hurt to another, by ffriking at Assault and bat-lum with or without a weapon; or by any other such like ad, d,ffcrcnt* done in an angry, threatening manner.

One charged with an assault and battery, may be found t 1 guilty of the assault, and yet acquitted of the battery; but every battery includes an alTaolt*

If an officer, having a lawful warrant, lay hands on another Haw. 130.. r to arrest him, or if a parent in a reasonable manner chastise a

child, a mailer his apprentice, a schoolmaster his scholar; in In what cases f all these cases, and such like, it is justifiable. jufiifisbla.

Where a man in his own defence beats another who first af- f

I faults him, he may take advantage thereof, both upon ah in- self-defence. f didment, and upon an action.

Assizes.

\LL justices of the peace, mayorr. of that county Cire. XX where the judges have their assizes, are bound to be pre- Comp. 4. sent 5 and if they make default, without lawful impediment, Jttft,ce* re4u,rtd the judges may (eta fine upon them for their neglect. ttteB*

Attorney.

*4

Auctions

5 < iS«

Ko attorney to be a justice.

19 G. 3. c. 56.

Licence necessary.

Where the title not good.

z % G, 3. r. 37. Limited time of complaint.

Allowance of duty when made.

32 G. 3. r. 11. .Auctioneers giving notice o (ales.

Attorney.

NO attorney or solicitor shall be capable to continue or be a justice of the peace, during such time as he shall continue in the business and practice of an attorney or solicitor.

Auction.

NO person exercising the trade or business of an auctioneer, shall presume to deal in, vend, or fell, any cllate, goods, or cffeCls whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise, by way of auction, without taking out a licence. — If any person shall act without such licence, he shall forfeit tool, if within the bills; and elsewhere, 50I.

If the sale shall be rendered void, by reason that the person, for whose benefit the estate or goods were fold, had no title or right to dispose thereof, the auctioneer, who paid the duty, may complain to the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace within whose jurisdiction respectively the sale was made, who may hear and determine all such complaints, and relieve the party complaining of so much as shall appear to have been overpaid.

Complaints of falesby tuition being rendered void, shall be made in a year, if they be rendered void in that period, or else in three months after the discovery.

Allowances of duty are to be made to purchasers of their own effects by auctions, if prior notice of their having authorised a bidder be given to the auctioneer, and the delivery of such notice be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as also the fairnefa of the transaction to the belt of his knowledge.

Auctioneers.

EVERY auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any notice or catalogue for a sale by auction, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, or intended sale, shall, within twenty-eight days after the day specified in such notice as the particular day when such auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the chief office of excise in London, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to receive the same, a

declaration

Au£lioneers.

declaration* in writing* setting forth whether or not any fate by way of aa&ion had been or was opened or begun under such notice* or any article* lot, parcel* or thing* contained in such catalogue was bid for or sold at such aufiion ; and such auctioneer* or person acting as his clerk* shall make oath to the truth of such declaration before the commissioners of excise* or one of them* or before such person as the commissioners of excise shall appoint to administer the same ; which oath the said Cora million ers of excise, or one of them, or other person so to be appointed as aforesaid*is and are hereby authorised and impowered to admin liter; and every auctioneer who shall have delivered* or caused to be delivered* any such notice or catalogue for a sale by auction* in any part of Great-Britain* not within the limits of the said chief office* or the person who -Cled as his clerk at such sale* or intended sale* shall* within six weeks after the day specified in such notice* as the particular day when such sale by auction was to be made* deliver* or cause to be delivered, to the collector of excise in whose collection such sale has been* or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, to be verified in like manner, on pain that every auctioneer shall, for every neglect or refusal of delivering such declaration* forfeit the sum of 50I. to be sued for* recovered* levied* or mitigated* by virtue of any law of excise, or by action of debt* or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture* shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform* discover* or sue for the same.

[Backing a Warrant. See Warrant.]

Bail.

BAIL signifies the delivery of a man out of custody* upon the undertaking of one or more persons for him* that he shall appear at a day limited, to answer and be justified by the law. — -The difference between bail and mainprise is* that mainpernors are only surety, but bail is a costody.

If a person be brought before a justice, if it appears that no felony is committed, he may discharge him ; but if a felony be committed* tho' it appears not that the party a ecu fed is gdilty* yet he cannot discharge him* but mull commit or bail him.

In case of homicide* the offender is not bailable.

If a person has dangerousiy wounded another* the justice Ought to be very cautious how he takes bail* till the year and day be pad.

E No

25

Declarations on oath when Tales take place.

50I. penalty for every neglect.

Application of Penalties.

Halit, PI. 96.

Bail different from mainprize.

Halii, 9S. In cases of felony.

Homicide.

lrft. 1 £6. Wounding.

2 6

Bail

Tyro justices nu) bail.

No distinction fcems here to be made respecting bail, between such homicide as is malicious, and that which happeni by misadventure or in self-defence.

Any two justices (i ^.) may of common right bail persons indicted at the sessions.

1 & x P. & M. If a per Ton be arrelled for or felony, or suspicion

Ct*3' t be reef \being bailable by law, he shall not be let to bail or

in open sessions. mainprise by any justices, but in open sessions, except it be by two justices at the lead (i and the same to be present together at the time of the said bailment.

And the said justices, or one of them, being of the quorum, shall take the examination of the said prisoner, and information Examination in of them that bring him, and the same, or as much thereof as wmin*, % shall be material to prove the felony, shall be put in writing before they make the bailment.Which examination, toge-to be certified at ther with the bailment, the said justices shall certify at the th* next session. next general gaol delivery to be holden within the limits of their commission.

And the said justices shall have power to bind all such by recognizance as do declare any thing material to prove the of-Etidencem«y b« fence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery to give evi-bound to appear, dence against the party on his trial. — And shall certify the same in like manner.

In London, Middlesex, and in other cities and towns corporate, justices may let prisoners to bail, as they might before Bail to be certi- this act ; but when they do bail, they are to take and certify the bail and examination as is here directed. i jr.frfr. <.». By the declaration of rights, excessive bail ought not to be No exceflixe required.

Q To rtfufe bail, where the party ought to be bailed, is a

baii^Tn 9iome misdemeanor punishable by indictment.

cases not to be Admitting bail, where it ought not, is punishable by the refund. judges of assize by fine; or punishable as a negligent escape at

*>\L97* common law.

b" admitted?1l° AJtho* the constable by his own authority, without any war-Bu*n.V.i.p % rant of commitment, may carry offenders to gaol, yet, since 151. the inflitution of the office of justices of the peace, it is better

ConiUbks duty that they be carried before a justice, to be sent by him to gaol w,th ‘,nr°ners* by warrant of commitment.

The warrant of commitment ought to set forth thecaufeefpe-cificX tD ^ c*alIy l^at ls 10 &>» not for treason, or felony in general, but treason for counterfeiting the king's coin, or felony for feeding the goods of such a one to such a value, and the like; that the court may judge whether the offence is such, for which a prisoner ought to be admitted to bail.

Banks

2?

Banks destroying, &c.

Banks destroying.

TF any person shall unlawfully and maliciously break down or J, cut down the bank of any river oh sea bank, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or damaged, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And if any person shall remove any materials, driven into the ground, and used for the securing any marsh or sea-walls, or banks, on complaint or information thereof made upon oath to any justice redding near the plaoe, such justice shall summon the party complained of, or shall issue his warrant to apprehend and bring such person before him; and upon his appearance, or neglect to appear, he shall proceed to examine the fad, and upon due proof thereof made either by confession, or oath of one witness, shall convict the offender; who shall thereupon forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the overseer for the use of the poor, to be levied by distress and fate: for want of sufficient distress, to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for six months.

Bankrupt.

NO commission of bankruptcy shall be issued on the petition of one or more creditors, unless the Angle debt of such creditor, *or of two or more being partners, amount to tool.; or of two such creditors petitioning amount to 1501.; or of three or more to 200I. — On certificate under the hands and seals of the of, that such a commission is issued, and such a person proved before them to become bankrupt, any judge, or justice of the peace, shall, on application to them for that purposemade, grant their warrant for the taking and apprehending such person, and commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he be removed by order of the commi.Tt oners by their warrant. — The bankrupt, after assignees shall be appointed, shall deliver up to them on oath (to bead-ministered by a master in chancery, or justice of the peace) all his books of account, papers, and writings not seized by the messenger of the commission, and not before delivered up, and then in his power, and discover such as arc in the power of others*

E 2 Barratry.

6 G. 2. c. 37. Destroying banka lelooy.

xo G. 2. f. 32.

Penalty.

Application.

5 G. a. c. 30.

In what ofri commission to be iftoed.

Bankrupt how to act.

28

Bastards,

Barratry.

?' » TJARRATRY signifies a quarrel or contention — The juf-Bvratrj, what. Jj tices of the peace shall hare power to redrain all barrators* and to pursue, arrest, take, and chastise them, according to their trespass or offence.

Bastards.

1 Ufi. *44-

*G. % .

WE term all by the name of bastards, that are born out of lawful marriage; but if the issue be born within a month, or a day, after marriage between parties of full lawful age, the child is legitimate.

Though the husband and wife are both in England, if there Pendretl& Pm* \s sufficient proof that he had no uccefs to her, the child will be *reil' a baftaid.

But this non-access of the husband ought to be proved otherwise than upon the wife:* oath*

6 G.* c. 31. If any single woman shall be delivered of a bastard child,

Justi e« how to which shall be chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, or A in cases of shall declare herself to be with child, and that such child is baiUidy. likely to be born a bastard, and to be chargeable; and shall, in either of such cases, in an examination to be taken in writing, upon oath, before one justice of the county, city, or town corporate, where fuchparish or place shall lie, charge any person with having gotten her with child; it shall be lawful for such justice, upon application made to him by the overseers of the poor of such parish, or one of them, or by any substantial housholder of an extraparochial place, to iftueout his f warrant for the immediate apprehending such person so charged as aforesaid, and for bringing him before such justice, or before any other of his majesty's justices of the peace of such county, city, or town corporate And the justice, beforewhom such person shall be brought, shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, unless he shall give security to indent-nify such parish or place, or shall enter into a J recognizance, with ftifftcient surety, upon condition to appear at the next general quarter sessions, or general sessions of the peace.

Appmd'x, No. 8. or No. le.

Se* Appendix, No. 9. j See Appendix, No. iz.

if

Bastards.

I If the constable, having a warrant to apprehend therepoted J father, shall willingly or negligently suffer him to escape, he

(may be bound over to the fe/fions, and there indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

)And if such woman shall die, or be married, before she shall be delivered, or miscarry of such child, or shall appear not to have been with child at the time of her examination, such per-f son shall bedischarged from his recognizance at the next feffi-I ons, or immediately released out of custody by warrant of one

Ijudice re/iding in or near the limits where such parish or place shall lie ; who shall summon theoverfeers of the poor to appear ^ before him, to shew cause why such person should not be dif- charged.

It shall not be lawful for any justice to fend for any woman, before /he shall be delivered and one month after, in order to her being examined concerning her pregnancy ; or to compel any woman, before /he shall be delivered, to answer any ques-

f lions relating to her pregnancy.

If security hath not tyeen given to indemnify the parish, two

I* justices in or next unto the limits where the parish church

is, within which parish such badard shall be boro, upon examination of the cause and circomftance, shall and may, by

f their discretion, take order, as welt for the punishment of the

mother and reputed father, as also for the better relief of such parish, in part or in all; and shall and may, by like discretion lake order for the keeping of every such badard child, by charging such mother or reputed father, with the payment of ‘ money weekly, or other Indentation, for the relief of such child, in such ways as they shall think meet and convenient: and if the mother or reputed father shall not observe and perform the said order, every such party so making default shall be # committed to ward to the common gaol, there to remain u without bail or mainprise, except he or she shall put in sufficient i surety to perform the said order, or else person ally to appear at \ the next general fe/lion of the peace f.

All justices of the peace, within their several limits and precincts, and in their several fef&ons, may do and execute all things concerning that part of the said datuteof 18 Eliz. which by the justices in their several counties are by the said datute limited to be done.

If the two next justices make not provision for the badard, the justices at their quarter sessions shall settle an order for ; keeping of the badard, as the two next justices ought.

Concerning badards being left to be kept at the charges of the parish where born, the two next justices shall take order

i See Appendix, No. it.

f In London or Middled* thfre are floor general fdfiont in the year, besidee the quarter

i ' therein.

29

Constable't neg-lea, fcqw punished,

In case of the woman's death. Sec.

Woman not compellable to appear before delivery.

iS Eli*. j.

Mother and reputed father, punishable in failure of fcca-rity.

3 C. e. 4. Justice'a power an this case.

774.C.4.

On their neg-led, an order at fefitona.

3°

7 7‘- ‘ 4*

Lewd women bow punishei.

13 & 14 C. a.

(. aa.

Goods of reputed father or mother liable.

*1 Jc- *7

Concealing child'* death*

73.

V/ho deemed retail err.

Bastards.

therein, as well for the punishment of the mother and reputed father, as for the relief of the parish.

Every lewd woman, who shall have any bastard, which may be chargeable to the parish, the justices of the peace shall commit her to the hou(e of correction, there to be punished and set to work, during the term of one whole year; and if (he shall eftfoons offend again, (he is then to be committed to the said house of correction as aforesaid, and there to remain, until (he can putin good sureties for her good behaviour, not to offend so again.

If the putative father or lewd mother of a bastard child run away out of the parish, and leave the bastard children upon the charge of the parish where they were born, although they have estates sufficient to discharge the parish ; it shall be lawful for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish to take and seize so much of the goods, and receive so much of the annual rents or profits of the land of such putative father or lewd mother, as shall be ordered by any two justices, towards the discharge of the parish, to be confirmed at thefefiions, for the bringing up and providing for such bastard child; and thereupon the sections may make an order for the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish, to dispose of the goods by sale or otherwise, or so much of them for the purposes aforesaid, as the court shall think fit, and to receive the rents and profits of the lands, or so much of them as shall be so ordered by the sections.

If any woman be delivered of a bastard, and (he endeavour so to conceal the death thereof, as that it may not come to light, whether it were born alive or not, but be concealed, (he shall suffer death as in case of murder, except (he can prove, by one witness at least, that the child was born dead.

Beer, Ale, Worts, &c.

FROM July 5, 1785, Every person felling beer, ale, or worts, in a less quantity than in a calk of four gallons and a half, at any one time, shall be deemed a retailer, and shall not be entitled to any allowance for waite by leakage, See.

Bent,

v^.

Bent, &c

Bent.

A SORT of rulh or shrub, growing on the north west coasts i« (7. a. c. 33. f A of England. . 5

I If any person, without consent of the owner, shall cut, Pentlty for cat-

f pull up, or carry away any starr or bent, on complaint there- t‘»i *qc.

of on oath to one justice, the offender shall be summoned,

[ and on default of appearing, the justice shall issue his warrant to apprehend and bring him before him; and being convicted on oath of one witness, or confession, he shall forfeit 20s. half to the informer, and half to the owner of the bent, by distress; and for want of sufficient distress shall be sent to the house of correction for three months, to be kept to hard la-j hour; and for a second offence, be committed to the house I of correction for one year, to be whipt and kept to hard la-' hour.

[ [Bigamy. See Polygamy.]

i

Black-Act.

OFFENCES againfbthis a £t:

By persons armed or

i. In any forest, park, or grounds inclosed, wherein deer 9 *

7 are or have been kept.

2. In any warren for hares or conies.

\ 3. In any high road, open heath or common, &c.

4. Wounding, killing, or dealing red or fallow deer.

5. Robbing any warren for hares or conies.

6. Stealing any fish out of a river or pond.

By per fins, whether armed and disguised, or

7. Unlawfully wounding, destroying or dealing any red or fallow deer, in the king's forests or chafes inclosed.

8. Breaking down the head or mound of a fish-pond.

9. Maliciously killing, maiming, or wounding cattle.

[ 10. Cutting down or destroying trees planted for ornament,

I (belter, or profit.

f 11. Setting fire to any house, barn, hay-rick, (lack of corn \ draw, wood, &c.

12. Maliciously (hooting at any person, in an house or elsewhere.

13, Sending

f

32

Offencei sgatnft thi* aft, how p uni died.

27 El.t. 13.

Hundred to fa-

tisfy in cexuia cases.

nd on certain conditions.

Reward to per-suns apprehending.

J Wftjf. I.

c. 18.

Blasphemy, how punished.

Black-Act.

13. Sending a threatening letter, demanding money, ©/ any thing valuable.

14. Rescuing any person in lawful custody for any of thtf said unlawful acts.

15. Procuring any person, by gift or reward, to join in any such unlawful ad.

16. Maliciously cutting down the bank of any river, or sea-bank.

17. Maliciously cutting any h*>p-binds growing on poles.

18. Maliciously felting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of

coal, Sec.

Every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted (in any county in England) shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases ot felony, without be* nefit of clergy ; but not to work corruption of blood, nor forfeiture of lands or goods.

And the inhabitants of the hundreds shall make satisfaction (not exceeding 200).) for the damages AuUined by No. 9, 10, II, 16, 17, 18. — But no person shall be enabled to recover damages, unless he shall, by himself or servant, in two days after the damage done, give notice of the offence; and shall, in four days after such notice, give in his examination on oath, or the examination on oath of his servant, who had the care of the same, before a judice inhabiting in or near the hundred, whether he knows the person or persons that committed the fad, or any of them; and if, upon such examination, it be confessed, that the examinant knows the said persons, or any of them, then such person confessing, shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute the offender by indict-ment or otherwise, according to law. And if an offender be apprehended and lawfully convicted, in six months after the offence committed, the hundred shall not be liable. And the action shall be commenced within one year after the offence committed. — And if any person shall be killed, or wounded so as to lose an eye, or the use of any limb, in apprehending or securing any such offender, on proof thereof made at the sessions, by the persons so wounded, or the executors or administrators of the party killed, the justices shall give a certificate thereof, by which they shall be entitled to receive of the sheriff 50I. in 30 days from the time the certificate shall be shewed to him, on pain of forfeiting to the party 10I.

Blasphemy and Profaneness.

NO person shall have any benefit of the toleration ad, who shall deny in his preaching, or writing, the doc-{rineof the blessed Trinity, as it is set forth in the 39 articles'.

33

Blasphemy and Profaneness.

If any person shall in any stage-play, interlude. Or shew, jestingly or profanely speak or use the holy name of God, or of Christ Jesus, or of the Holy Ghost, or of the Trinity, he shall forfeit 10I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

If any person, having been educated in, or at any time hay-ing made profession of the Christian religion in this realm, shall, by writing, printing,teaching,or advised speaking, deny any one of the Persons in the Holy Trinity to be God; or shall a(Tert or maintain there are more gods than one; or shall deny the Christian religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures to be of Divine authority; and shall be convicted thereof, in any of the courts at Westminster, or at theaffizes, on the oaths of two witnesses, he shall, for the (irft offence, be incapable to have any office ecclesiastical, civil, or military (unless he shall renounce such opinion in the court where he was convicted, within four months after such conviction); and for the second offence, he shall be disabled to be plaintiff, guardian, i executor, or administrator, to take any gift or legacy, or to bear any office, and shall be imprisoned for three years. But no person shall be prosecuted for any words fjpoken, unless the information be given to a justice of the peace, within four days after the words spoken, and the prosecution of such offence be within three months after such information*

Books.

IF any book shall be taken, or otherwise loft, out of any parochial library, any justice may grant his warrant to search for it; and if it shall be found, it shall, by order of such justice, be restored to the library.

Bread.

IT shall be lawful for the court, or for the person or persons herein authorized to set the assize of bread, to set or ascertain in any place within their jurisdiction, the assize and weight > of all sorts of bread, which shall be made for sale, or exposed to sale, and the price to be paid for the same, when and as i often as they shall think proper.--Where an assize shall be 1 thought proper to be set, if any person shall offend, and be convicted thereof, by confession or oath of one witness, before any magistrate or justice within the iimits of their jurisdiction, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less thao 20s. — If the ju'ftices shall, in their sessions, think (it to order that the assize of bread, which shall be set for such a particular I F hundred

f (

3 Ja. I. c. ar. Stagt profane-nefi.

9 & 10 .

3*

Conviction tff blasphemy.

y c* 14*

Warrant to search for book 3 taken from parish library.

31 C. a. r. 49. Affise liny be set.

34

Bread

Short weight*

IJ.

Adulteration*

Lord-mayor or alderman in London, one justice elsewhere, may hear and determine.

hundred or place, may extend to or comprize any other hundred or place, it shall be lawful for them so to do. And an entry shall be made from time to time by the clerk of the market, or other person, of every return by him made; and also of the rate at which the price, assize, and weight of bread shall beset within his jurisdiction ; which book any inhabitant may, at all seasonable times in the day, inspect without fee. — If any clerk of the market, or other person appointed to make returns, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to do any thing by this act required to be done by him, or shall designedly or knowingly make any f.ilfe return, he shall, on conviction by oath of one witness, or by confession, forfeit not exceeding lol. nor less than 40s. — If any bread for sale shall be complained of for wanting weight, it shall be brought before some justice within the jurisdiction, and weighed before him within three days after the same shall have been baked, fold, or exposed to sale; and the baker shall forfeit from is. to cs. for every ounce that is wanting; and from 6d. to 2s. 6d. for every deficiency less than an ounce; unless it be made out to the satisfaction of such magistrate or justice, on the behalf of the party complained of, that such deficiency in weight wholly arose from some unavoidable accident in baking, or otherwise, or wa* occasioned by some contrivance or confederacy.

If information shall be given on oath, to any magistrate or justice, that there is reasonable cause to suspect, that any miller or any maker of bread for sale doth mix up any ingredient, not the genuine produce of the grain, it shall be lawful for any peace-officer, authorized by the warrant of such magistrate or justice, at all seasonable times in the day-time, to enter into any house, bake-house, &c. and to and examine

whether any ingredient shall have been mixed up with, or put into any meal or flour, whereby the purity of any meal or flour shall be in any wise adulterated : And if any magistrate or justice, to whom any thing seized shall be brought, shall adjudge that any mixture or ingredients shall have been put into such meal or flour; in such case, every such magistrate or justice is hereby required to dispose of the same, as he in his discretion shall think proper.

The mayor of London, or any alderman thereof, within the said city or liberties, and one justice within the several counties, ridings. See. may hear and determine, in a summary way, all offences again 11 this act, and summon before him the party accused ; and if he shall not appear, then, on oath made of the offence by one witness. he shall issue his warrant apprehending the offender; and shall proceed to enquire of the offence, and to examine any witness or witnesses, who shall be offered on either side upon oath, and shall convict or acquit the party accused: And if the* penalty, on such conviction, shall

Of I*!, to 401. if the mailer, of 5!. to aos. If the journeyman offend*.

not

Bread.

35

not be paid within 24 hours after such conviction, such magis- Penalty to be trate or justice shall issue his warrant, directed to any peace- £a,d whhin 24 officer, to make distress; and if any offender shall convey away hours» his goods out of the jurisdiction of such magistrate or justice, then some magistrate or justice, within whose jurisdiction the offender shall have removed his goods, shall back the said warrant, and thereupon the penalty shall be levied by distress, and if it be not paid within five days, the distress shall be appraised and fold, rendering the overplus after alt the charges, to be ascertained by the magistrate, shall be paid; and for want of such distress, such offender shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for one calendar month, unless payment shall be sooner made. The penalty, if not how applied, particularly disposed of, shall be paid, one moiety thereof, to the person who shall inform and prosecute; and the other moiety thereof shall be applied by the magistrate for the better carrying the said act into execution, as he shall think lit. If Power of appeal, any person convicted shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the next sessions.

Other regulations have been lince made, altho* no assize is 3 3*f« li-

fe t, and further provisions enacted. — Every wheaten loaf shall be marked with a large Roman W ; houshold with a large Ro- Loaves to be man H; and if any person shall fell or offer to sale any such loaf marked, unmarked (except as to such loaves which shall be rasped by the desire of the purchaser for his own use) he shall forfeit for every such loaf, not exceeding 40s. nor less than 10s.; unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the justice to whom complaint shall be made, that the not marking arose from some unavoidable accident, or was occasioned by some contrivance or confederacy.

And bread made of any other grain than wheat, shall be W-

marked with some letter or letters not more than two, as the

justices in their general, quarter, or special sessions shall order,

which order shall be entered in a book; and the justices shall cause a copy to be put up in some market or other town or pub- Copy of the

lie place within the division, or otherwise to be inserted in some mark to be pub-

public newspaper. ^ Hiked.

It shall be lawful for any justice, or peace-officer authorised jj. by warrant of such justice, to enter into any house, bakehouse,

&c. belonging to any baker or feller of bread ; and to fcareh, Sr3rc^ view, weigh, and to try all or any bread which shall be there roade, found: And if any bread shall, on any search or trial by any justice, or on proof made before him by the oath of one witness, be found to be deficient in weight, or not truly marked, or<}ei* ficient in the due baking or working thereof, or wanting in the goodness of the Huff, or made with any mixture of meal or flour of any other grain than the same shall import to be made with, or with any thing in lieu of flour, or made with any leaven not allowed by the said former act, such justice or peace-officer may seize the same, and dispose thereof to poor ^ g,eu 10 me

F 2 pet Tons poor.

m»y

Bread deficient or not frark^d *n»v be IcizeW,

3&

Bread

3 (?. 3. f. iv* Penally on ©b-{trusting search. Penalty on meal men, See. acting

herein M justice.

13 G.3. e. 62.

D'veQions as to Aandard wheat* co bread*

Weigh t of loaves fptefied.

31 G.*. r* 29.

F cftri£Hon of fcHiujis herein*

London, Westminster, and the two Unirerfi-ties, exempt*

persons as to such just ice shall seem fit; and the maker or ieller shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s $ half to the informer prosecuting to conviction; and half asthe justices shall think fit, and order for the better carrying into execution the purposes of this act.

If any person shall obstruct or oppose any such search, or seizure of such bread, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. — No miller, mealman, or baker, shall be capable of acting as a just ice in the execution of this act: if he do, he shall forfeit 50I. to him who shall inform or sue for the same.

Whereas by the 31 G. 2. c. 29. and 3 G, 3. r. n. only two sorts of bread made of wheat are allowed to be made for sale, that is to say, Wheaten and Houshold ; and whereas according to the ancient order and custom of the realm, there hath been, from time immemorial, a standard wheaten bread, being the whole produce of the wheat whereof it was made; it is therefore enacted, that from henceforth a bread made of the flour of wheat, which flour, without any mixture or division, shall be the whole produce of the grain, the bran or hull thereof only excepted, and which shall weigh three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it shall be made, may be made and fold, and shall be called and understood to be a moheaten bread.* — And the maker shall mark every loaf thereof

with the capital letters S* W. and the same may be made and fold, altho* noaflize be set, of the weight and in the proportion following, viz. — That every standard wheaten peck luaf shall weigh 17 lb. 6oz. averdupois; every half peck loaf 8 lb* |loz. 5 and every quartern loaf 41b. 5 J-0Z,

The justices, at any general or quarter sessions, may prohibit, for three months, the makers of bread for sale, from making or exposing to sale any other one or more sorts of bread, purporting to be of a superior quality, and sold at a higher price, than the (landard wheaten bread aforesaid. — Provided, that no such order of prohibition shall take place, nntil one calendar month at lead after the date of the making thereof. And the justices shall cause a copy of such order to be pur up in forae market or other public town within the dif-trict, or shall cause the same to be inserted in some public tiewfpaper published within such diCtrift.

Coarse bread, of a cheaper fort than the (landard wheaten, may be fold, at a price under that of houshold bread. — Nothing herein shall extend to prejudice the rights of London, Westminster, and the two Universities,

Brewers*

Brewers, Bricks and Tiles

37

Brewers.

BREWERS (in which term were anciently in-

eluded) conspiring to feJl their victuals at unreasonable prices, shall, on conviction in the sessions or leet, by witness, confession, or otherwise, forfeit lol. to the king for the first offence, and if not paid in six days, be imprisoned 20 days; for the second offence 20I. in like manner or the pillory; for the third offence 40I. in like manner or the pillory, loss of an ear, and be taken as men infamous, and their oath not to be credited in a matter of judgment.

This act prevents vexations proceedings upon the former act against brewers, viduallers or others, for advancing or having advanced the price of strong beer or ale, in a -finable degree.

By this act no common brewer shall fell beer, ale, or worts, in any less quantity than in a whole calk, containing four gallons and a half, on pain of forfeiting the sum of 50I. for every such ofFcnce; to befued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by virtue of any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or foe for the same.

Bricks and Tiles.

EVERY plain tile shall be io£ inches long, 6} broad, and half an inch and half a quarter thick: Roof tile, 13 inches long, half an inch and half a quarter thick, with convenient deepness: Gutter tile, and cover tile, io£ inches long, with convenient thickness, breadth, and deepness. — If any person shall set to sale any such tile otherwise made, he shall forfeit to the buyer double value of the tile, and make fine and ransom at the king's will; to be recovered by action of debt, with cods. And also the justices of the ^eace and every of them may hear and determine offences against this act; who shall assess upon the offender no less fine than for every iooq plain tiles 5s. for every 100 roof tiles 6s. 8d. and for every 100 corner or gutter tiles 2s.

AH bricks made for sale, shall, when burned, be not less than eight inches and a half long, two inches and a half thick, and four inches wide ; and all pantiles, not less than 13 inches

and

2 & 3 E$ Cm *$

a G. 3. e. 14.

3* <7. 3. c» 8. No common brewer to fell beer in less quantity than S whole calk, on penalty of 50I.

How penalties shall be applied.

17 Ed. 4. . 4,

Dimensions of tiles.

»7 0.3. r.41. Of pricks and pantiles.

33

Bricks and Tiles

Penalties how recovered and applied.

Power af appeal.

and a half long, nine inches and a half wide, and half an inch thick: on pain that the maker shall forfeit 20s. for every 1000 bricks, and ios. for every 1000 pantiles. — All combinations for enhancing the price of bricks or tiles, shall be void ; and every brickmaner or tile-maker offending therein, shall forfeit 20I. and every clerk, agent, or servant, icl. j half to the poor, and half to him who shall sue in fnr calendar months in one of the courts of Westminster.

All other penalties and forfeitures, not herein otherwise directed, shall be recovered before one justice, within one calendar month, on proof by confcifion or oath of one witness 5 to be levied by distress, and distributed half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender dwells $ or the justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties shall be sooner paid. I'ersons aggrieved may appeal within four calendar months, to the general quarter sessions, giving 21 days notice to the party complained against, and within eight days after such notice entering into recognizance to pay the cods.

9 17. 3. c. x. Who are com* pell able co nuke them.

ti //. 8. c. 5. Justices in feffi>n to enquire end determine.

Si G.1. c. 19.

Bridges mud be tuft presented.

Id.

Repaired by county rate.

% % H. 8. e, 5.

Surveyors of bridges, how appointed.

Ufuaily the high condable.

G. 2. c. 33. Ground may be purchased by rouutv ra*e.

Bridges.

NO town nor freeman shall be distrained to make bridges nor banks, but such as of old time and of right have been accuflpmed.

The justices, or four of them at the lead, (i shall have power to esquire, hear, and determine in the general sessions, of all manner of annoyance of bridges broken in the highways, to the damage of the king's liege people, and to make such process and pains upon every presentment, against such as ought to be charged to make or amend them, as the king's bench usually doth, or as it shall seem by their discretion to be necessary and convenient, for the speedy amendment of such bridges.

No money shall be applied to the repair of bridges, until presentment be made by the grand jury at the assize or sessions, of their insufficiency, inconveniency, or want of reparation.

The charges of repairing and amending bridges, and highways at the ends of bridges, shall be paid out of the general county rate.

The four justices, in sessions as aforesaid, may appoint two surveyors, with salaries, to fee the bridges amended.

This business of surveying the bridges, is usually annexed by the justices to the office of the high constables.

The justices, at their sessions, may purchase any parcel of land, adjoining or near to any county bridge, for the more commodious enlarging, or rebuilding the same, not exceeding

one

British Wines, Burglary.

one acre, to be paid for by the treasurer oat of the county rates.

The justices, at their general or quarter session9, after preferment made by the grand-jury of their want of reparation, may contract with any person for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the same for any term not exceeding seven years, at a certain annual sum»

British .Wines by Retail.

FROM July 5, 1788, no persons shall fell British wines for consumption in their own houses, unless such person shall also have obtained a licence for felling beer and ale.

N. B. The penalties for this offence are not here declared and specified.

Burglary.

TjURGLARY is a felony at common law, in breaking and il entering the manlion-house of another or outhouses, being parcel of the messuage, in the night, with intent to commit some felony within the same, whether the felonious intent be executed or not.

Every entrance into thehonfe by a trespasser, is not a breaking in this case. If the door of a mansion-house Hand open, and the thief enter, this is not breaking. Jf the window of the house be open, and a thief with a hook or other engine draw-ethout some of the goods of the owner, this is no burglary but if the thief breaketh theglass of the window, and draweth out the goods, this is burglary.

Opening the casement, or breaking the glass window, picking Open the lock,of a door, or putting back the lock or the leaf of a window, or unlatching the door that is only latched, is burglary.

If any person shall enter into the mansion-house of another, by djiy or night, with breaking the same, with an intent to commit felony, or being in such house shall commit any felony, and shall in the night time break the said house to get out, he shall be guilty of burglary.

If divers come in the night to do a burglary, and one of them break and enter, the rest of them (landing to watch, at a distance, this is a burglary in all.

N. B. This includes churches, end the yiUs and gates of a walled town. I Ham*. 103.

Every

39

is G,2. r, 29*

Justices may coatrad*

28 G. 3. c. 3 % Ale licence to tC obtained.

Halt t PI ^9*

Burglary, what.

3 Infi.64.

Etery entrance not burglaries.

1 H* H» 55a.

12 An. . 7,

3 In ft, 64. Person* keeping witch equally guilty*

40

Burglary.

10 & it

13-

Reward for tp-prehendlnf and prosecuting.

5 An* e. 31.

b Cr. 3. (. aj.

Every person, who shall apprehend any one guilty of a bur- glary, and prosecute him to conviction, shall have a certificate without fee, under the hand of the judge, certifying such conviction ; and if any dispute arise between several persons so di(covering or apprehending, the judge (bail appoint the certificate into so many (harea to be divided among the persons concerned, as to him shall seem just and reasonable, — -And if any person shall happen to be (lain by such burglar, in endeavouring to apprehend him, the executors or administrators of such person flain shall have the like certificate) which certificate shall be inrolled by the clerk of the peace of the county in which it shall be granted ; for which he shall have is. and no more: And the said certificate shall be once assigned over; and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall by virtue thereof be discharged from all manner of parish and ward offices, within the parish and ward where the felony was committed.

And moreover, on tender of such certificate to the sheriff, and demand made, he shall pay to the person so intitled, the sum of 40I. without fee or deduction, within one month after such tender and demand, on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

5 An. c. 31. If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any bur-Keward for dlf- glary, and afterwards discover two or more of the like oifen-coverjr of two or ders, so as two or more be convicted, he shall have the reward ' and allowance of 40I. and also all other advantages which are given to persons who shall apprehend and convict any the like offenders; and shall also have the king's pardon for ail burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Burning.

O

I Haw* 105.

Felony to burn house.

4^5 P.&M. €.4*

Miring others to do it the same.

43 El. e* 13. Firing barns# corn, tee.

yTALICIOUSLY and voluntarily burning the house of 1V1 another, by night or by day, is felony at the common law.

Every person who shall maliciously command, hire, or counsel any person, wilfully to burn any dwelling-house, or any part thereof, or any barn then having corn or grain hi the same, shall not have the benefit of his clergy.

Whoever shall wilfully and of malice burn, or cause to be burned, or aid, procure, or consent to the burning of any barn, or (lack of corn or grain, within any of the counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Durefme, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. [Seelf/wl jf&]. And justices of the peace in sessions may hear and determine the same. If any person shall, in the night time, maliciously and willingly burn, or cause to be burnt any ricks, or

flacks

Burning.

4*

Hacks of corn, hay, or grain, barns, or other hoafes, &£» he shall be guilty of felony, but without corruption of blood, or disinheritance of heirs; and the judges of assize, or three justices of the peace (1 may determine the same, so that the prosecution be within six months: and the said justice*, on request of the party injured, shall issue their warrant for apprehending all such persons as shall be suspected thereof, and take their examination: and shall cause all others who to them shall seem likely to make discovery, to appear before them, and give information on oath; and if such witness, being duly summoned, shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, they may commit him to the common gaol, till he submit to be examined upon oath; and they shall issue warrants for summoning jurors; and any person found guilty shall be transported for seven years.

Soch as be taken for house burning feloniously done, are not 3 W* bailable by justices of the peace. Offence not bail-

If any ship-ofhcer or mariner shall wilfully burn the ship to which he belongeth, or procure the same to be done, to the . 9. prejudice of the owner of the ship or goods, he shall be guilty Burning ship of felony without benefit of clergy. felony*

If any person shall set fire to any mill. or shall, by 1 1.1.48.

day or by night, in a riotous, open, and tumultuous, or in a 6 G. c. 16. secret and clandestine manner, forcibly, or wrongfully and maliciously, burn any wood, or springs ol wood, or coppice wood, he shall be guilty of felony.

And any two justices, or the justices in feifions, may cause the offender to be apprehended, and hear, and determine and adjudge the offence. adjudge.

If any person shall set fire to, burn or destroy any gofs, furze, e. 19.

or fern* in any foreftor chafe without consent of the owner or Burning gofs or person chiefly entrustdd with the custody of such forest or chase, f«rn» how and being brought before a justice, shall be thereof convicted m"e* by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding $1* nor less than 40s. half to the informer, and half to the poor; if not forthwith paid, to be levied by distress; and if no sufficient distress can be found, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one months

If any person shall burn or cause to be burnt, any wain of 37 8.r. 6.

cart, laden with coals, or any merchandize, or any heap of Burning wain or wood prepared, for making coals, or billets, he shall forfeit wood Vcoah'.' treble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered by action of trefpifs: and also 10I. as a fine to the king.

If ahy servant, through negligence or carelessnessy shall 3^

fire or cause to be fired any dwelling house or outhouse or Servant house 3, and be thereof convicted on the oath of one witness a housel before two justices, he shall forfeit 100I. to the churchwardens of the parish where thp fire shall happen, to be distributed by them to the sufferers, in such proportions as to them shall seem just; and if he do not pay the same immediately on demand to

G the

Mill, wood, &c. the same.

6 G C. 16.

Two justice* miy hear and


42

Burning.

the churchwardens, the said justices shall commit him to Tome workhouse, or house of correction, for 18 montths, there to be kept to hard labour.

Threatening to Any justice may cause to come before him, all those, who to fire to house, any ljic pe0p]e9 concerning the firing of their houses, hare used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people; and, if they mall refuse to find such security, may cause them to be safely kept in the king's prisons, until they shall find such security.

9 (7. f.22. If any person shall fend any letter, without any name sub-

Letter to this scribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious name, threatning to effect felony. burn any house, outhouse, barn, (lack of corn or grain, hay or draw ; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Burying in Woollen. See Woollen Manufacture.

Butcher.

2 3 6.

c. 15.

Confptrscy of butchers, .

3 0, e. a.

Killing or felling meat on Sunday.

1 Ja. e. aa. No butcher to be a tanner.

IF any*butchers shall conspire not to fell their ri&vals but at certain prices; every such person shall forfeit for the first offence iol. to the king, and if not paid in six days, he shall suffer twenty days imprisonment, and shall have only bread and water for his sustenance; for the second offence 20I. in like manner, or the pillory; and for the third offence 40I. or pillory, and the loss of an ear, and to be taken as a man infamous, and not to be credited in any matter of judgment. — And the sessions or leet may determine the same.

If any butcher shall kill or fell any victual on the Lord's day, he shall forfeit 6s. 8d. one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor, on conviction before one justice, on his own view, or confession, or oath of two witnesses, to be levied by the con liable or churchwarden.

No butcher to be a tanner or a currier, on pain of 6s. 8d. a day*

N B. This statute extends likewise to any , and work-

men conspiring, upon oath, not to hut at a certain price or rate, &r not to work but at certain hours and.

Butter and Cheese.

13 14 C. *. T? VERY person packing up butter for sale, shall set upon

a6. every firkin and calk, when the same is fully seasoned in

water, a continuing visible mark of the just weight of the

This act Includes Brewers (fee p. 37.)> Bakers, Poulterers, Cooks,

Costermongers, and Fruiterers.

empty

Butter and Cheese. 43

empty calk; on pain of forfeiting for every offence the sum of How. to be ten shillings for every hundred weight of butter otherwise Pack#d# packed, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity; naif to the churchwardens and overseers for the use of the poor, and half with double costs to him who shall sue for the same in feffons, within four months, by action of debt, indictment, information, or presentment.

Every kilderkin of butter shall contain 112 pounds, and Contents of fir-every firkin 56 pounds neat, or above: every pound containing k,n> &c*

16 ounces, besides the tare of the calk, of good and merchantable butter; and every pot of butter shall contain 14 pounds neat, or above, besides the weight of the pot.

Buttons.

NO person shall fell or offer to sale, or import, any foreign buttons whatsoever; on pain that he, who shall offer them to sale, shall forfeit the same and 50I. and the importer shall forfeit the same and iool. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue. — And on complaint and information given to a justice of the peace, he shall issue his warrant to the constable, to enter and search for such manufacture in the (hops being open, or warehouses, and dwelling houses of such person s as shall be suspected, and to seize the same.

No person shall make, fell, or set on any buttons made of wood only, and turned in imitation of other buttons; on pain of forfeiting 40s. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record. — No person shall make, fell, or set on, any buttons made of cloth, serge, drugget, frize, camlet, or other stuffs of which clnthes are usually made; on pain as above.

Np taylor or other person shall set on any clothes, any buttons or button-holes, made of serge, or other duffs of which clothes are usually made ; on pain of 5I. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue; or on complaint to two justices, they may summon witnesses, and levy the penalty, and return the overplus, if any be; and if any person is aggrieved, he may appeal to the next sessions.

No taylor or other person shall set on any clothes, buttons made of, or bound with, cloth. . (velvet excepted) on pain of 40s. a dozen. — To be determined by one judice; on oath of one witness, in three months after the offence; and to be distributed (charges of conviction fird deduced) half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be discovered ; if not paid in 14 days, the judice shall issue his warrant to the con liable to levy it by didrefs and sale ; and where no sufficientdidrefs can be found, the offender shall be committed to the common goal to hard labour for three

G 2 calendar

23 & 14 C. s.

lD'

x W. e 10. Foreign ones not to be sold or imported.

Not to be made of wood only.

or of fluff wherewith clothes axe made.

8 An e. 8. Taylor how pa-nished.

4 G. e. 7.

One jaftice to determine.

44

Clothe* with false button* forfeited'

]G, ft. i. c. is*

Wearer how po-m<kti.

Power of appeal.

*5^3- c. 74. Who may make them.

U.

Entries made

every week.

U.

Notice to officers.

U-

penalty for not giving notice.

Buttons.

calendar months. — All clothes made with such buttons and button holes, txposed/* salt, shall be forfeited.

No person shall use or wear on any clothes (velvet excepted) any such buttons or button-holes, on pain of 40s. a doaen, on conviction by confession, or oath of one witness ; and any justice of the peace, where the offence shall be committed* or the offender shall inhabit, shall on complaint or information on oath, of any credible person, in one month after the offence, fumroon the party, and on his appearance or contempt, examine the matter; and on due proof by confeifion, or oath of one witness, convict the offender, and cause the forfeiture by his warrant to be levied by distress and sale; the said penalties to be half to him on whose oath the party shall be convicted, and half to the poor of the parish, where the offence shall be committed. — And persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter sessions, giving eight days notice.

Cabbages — Stealing. See Turnips.

Candles.

NO person residing within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall make candles, unless he occupy a tenement of tel. per annum, and pay parish rates for the same; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor.

By 8 Ann. c. 9. monthly entries were to be made in London

and Westminster, and entries every six weeks elsewhere, by all makers of candles; which clauses are repealed; and by this act. All persons making candles shall every week make a true entry of the candles made within each week, at the next office of excise, on pain of forfeiting 20I. and they shall pay and clear off all duties within one week after such entry is made.

Six hours' notice within the limits of the head office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours' notice elsewhere shall be given, before any chandler begins making candles, oft penalty of 50I. if such notice is not given, and the making muff be begun within three hours of the time mentioned in the said notice, or the notice is null and void.

If any officer of excise shall discover that the making of candles is privately carried on, without notice given, and he shall discover any person knowingly afiiffing therein, every person fodifeovered Hiall forfeit 20I. over and above all penalties that the proprietor or maker of such candles shall be liable to ; the offender to be ffopt, detained, and conveyed by the said of-tcer of c;:cii>, and all other persons acting in his aid, before

one

Candles. 45

ene or more justice or justices of the peace, who, on confession, or proof by the oath of one or more credible witness, may con-vitt the person so discovered, who shall immediately pay the said 20I. into the hands of the officer, or shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for two months from the day of such conviction. The penalty and time of imprisonment to be doubled for the second offence.

One moiety of the penalties imposed by this act, shall be Disposal of pe-to his majesty, the other to him or them that shall inform, na,tiei* discover or fuc for the same. The action or suit muff be commenced within three months, with treble costs to the defendant, if the verdict shall pass in his or their favour.

By 27 G. III. r. 13. a certain duty of excise of one penny 31 G. 3. c. 7. half-penny was imposed for every pound weight avoirdupois From March »$, of candles of tallow, and other candles whatsoever (except °crlKoo wax and spermaceti candle*) made in Great Britain, and acer- ^ndies^of duty tain drawback of excise was granted of one penny half-penny imposed, and of for every pound weight avoirdupois of such candles (except the drawback as aforesaid) exported as merchandize to foreign parts. From by the

and after the 25th day of March 1792, one half-penny of the duty and drawback respectively for every pound weight avoirdupois of such candles, shall be repealed; and from thenceforth the several powers and authorities given by any act or acts of parliament, as far as relates to the levying, collecting, and paying so much of the said duty and drawback, shall ccafe and determine.

Cards.

See Stamps,

Carriers.

ALL persons carrying goods for hire, as maffers and x Sae. ^r.343.

owners of ships, lightermen, stand the Who properly to like, come under the denomination of common carriers. called.

The justices, in Easter sessions yearly, shall rate the prices 3 c, 11. of all land carriage of goods to be brought into any place within Carriers price* their jurisdiction, by any common waggoneror carrier: And r,t€d* no such carrier shall take for carriage above the rates so set, on pain of 5I. by distress, by warrant of two justices where such waggoner or carrier shall reside, to the use of the party grieved.

Where goods are delivered to a carrier, and he is robbed of 1 143.

them, he shall be charged, and answer for them, by reason of Carrier miwera-the hire. We*

If a man delivers goods to a common carrier, to carry to a 1 Bae.Jb. 343. certain place; if he loses or damages them, an action upon A^|on the case lies against him ; for by the cullom of the realm, he mi|ei

ought

46

Carriers

Read. Ca. Carrier answera-blc for his fervent.

Cor.yn *5.

Goods by stage-coaches.

Kelynge 39. Carrier may foe ts for his own.

ought to carry them safely. — If a person, who is no common carrier, takes upon himself to carry my goods, tho' I promise him no reward, yet, if my goods are loll or damaged by his default, I shall have an adiou against him.

A delivery to the carrier's servant is a delivery to the carrier; and if goods are delivered to a carrier's porter, and loft, an action will lie against the carrier.

By the custom and usage of stage coaches, every passenger uses to pay for the carriage of goods above such a weight; and in such case, the coachman shall be charged for the loss of goods beyond such weight.

Where goods are stolen from the carrier, he may prefer an indictment against the felon, as for his own goods.

Carrots, See T urnips.

[7 he penalty for sealing carrots is the same as that for

turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, and pease: which are treated of together under the title Turnips.]

Carts, Wains, Waggons, See.

2$G.3. c.66. 7JY an act of 23 G. 3. e. 66. certain rates and duties JO were charged upon every person who should keep any waggon, wain, or cart, or other such carriage with three or four wheels, or any cart or other carriage with two wheels, (except such carriages as were then charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of Excise), and the said rates and duties were placed under the receipt and management of the of for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper: and by another ad, 25 G. 3. r. 47. the receipt and management of the said recited rates and duties were transferred from the said of of damps to the of for the affairs of taxes, and further pro* viflons were made for levying, collecting, and securing the said recited rates and duties. From and after the fifth day of ylpril 1792, the several rates and duties granted by the said act 1-92, thedutiM of tj,e 23d yCar of his present majesty, shall cease and deter* recited act 111‘ne > an<* ^rom thenceforth, all the powers and authorities t? cease. given and granted, and the rules and regulations established

and prescribed by the said recited act of the 25th year of his present majesty, for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said rates and duties, and all penalties in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid.

N.B.

3. r. 47.

y~ G. 3. f. 4 From April 5,

Cattle

47

N. B* The owner of every cart, dray. &c. within five Name and miles of Temple Bar, or within the bills of mortality, shall r

write his name and place of abode, at the Hackney Coach- ,n cr,b2 Office, and affix his name, and the number of the carriage, on < some conspicuous part thereof, or be subject to all the penalties of the laws relative to owners of carts.

Cattle.

K

NO person shall buy an ox, cow, calf. Sec. and fell the 3 4 6.

same again alive, in the same market, or fair, on pain '9* of forfeiting double, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue. — ; — This is not repealed by 12. G. 3. 71.

L If any person shall feloniously drive away, or deal, or shall c- &

wilfully kill any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer, bullock, hei- away*

^ fer, sheep, or lamb, with a felonious intent to deal the whole carcase, or any part thereof, or shall affid in committing any such offence, he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecute to Reward pro-conviction any offender, shall have iol. reward; to be paid fecute. by the sheriff, within a month, on his producing a certificate from a judge. See also Black AQ.

> Any peace officer may secure persons driving cattle throogh 3* ®7'

1 thedreets of London, or Wedminder, or the liberties thereof, . . %

Sec. in an improper manner. If the party be convicted before e \ajndice, he shall forfeit from 5s. to 20s. to the prosecutor; or be committed to the honfe of correction, Sec. for one month,

„ The same penalty against the owner or his servant. — Any juf-dee within the bills of mortality may determine complaints of offences against any rules to be made by the court of aldermen.

A In pursuance of this act, the said judiceis hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, within six days after the commission of any such offence, to issue his warrant under his hand and seal, to apprehend such oflender or offenders ; and if the party be convicted, he may fine him, and the offender not paying the penalty, may be committed to the honfe of correction, to hard labour, for any time not ex-, v ceeding one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfei-7 ture shall be sooner paid; which shall be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders. — Offenders, who refuse to discover their names and places of abode, shall be committed to the common

faol for one month, or until he, she, or they, shall declare is, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said judice, or to some other judice of the peace of the f said county or place. — An abdraft of the penalties contained in this act, and of all rules. Sec. shall be made by the court of

1 aldermen.

48

Certiorari.

aldermen, and be printed and affixed upon the most conspicu-ous places within the said cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof. — No person shall suffer any punishmenc for any offence committed against this act, unless the prosecution for the same be commenced within fourteen days. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving 14 days notice.

Certiorari.

Certiorari

ferioed.

de-

/)«//. €I95.

A CERTIORARI is an original writ, issuing out of the court of chancery, or the king's bench, directed in the king's name to the judges or officers of inferior courts, commanding them to certify, or to return the records of acause depending before them, to the end the party may have the more sure and speedy just ice, before the king or such justices as he shall assign to determine the cause.

"1

'* I

Raym, 469, 5So.

a Haw. 286.

% Harp. 294. Mud be delivered before jury i» (worn

for in fi&

months.

Crom. 129. Eft'ed of juptr-Jcdtat,

% Haw. 294. Certiorari to be returned by justices.

iBarnardiJf'ti^

upon parchment.

DaU. c. 195.

The justices of the peace may deliver or fend into the king bench, indictments found before them, or recognizances of the peace taken before them, or force recorded by them, without any certiorari.

A certiorari lies in all judicial proceedings, in which a writ of error does not lie ; and it is a consequence of all irfferior jurisdictions erected by act of parliament to have their proceedings returnable in the king's bench.

And therefore a certiorari lies to justices of the peace, even in such cases which they are impowered by statute finally to hear and determine.

If a certiorari for the removal of an indictment before justices of the peace be not delivered, before the jury be (won!

_______ for the trial of it, the justices may proceed.

iVc. a. c. 18. % No certiorari shall be granted, to remove any conviction', 7 Mud be applied judgment. See, unless it is applied for in six calendar months, and six days notice are given to the justices, to shew cause, if . they think fit, against issuing the.

If a fupcrfedcas come out of a superior court, to the justices, they ought to surcease, ahho* the be awarded against

law; for they are not to dispute the command of a superior court, which is a warrant to them.

Every return of a certiorari ought to be under seal. — And altho' the cujlos rotulorum keep the records, yet mu ft the justices to whom it is directed, return the certiorari; and therefore if it is directed to the justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace only return it, nothing is thereby removed.

A return was in paper (and not upon parchment); and for that reason was held by the court not good.

Upon a certiorari to remove an indictment of a riot, or forcible entry, or the like, the return must have these words, at

Cheat*

mlfo to hear And determine divert , &c. according to the

commission ; for if the return mentions only that they are justices of the peace, without such words, the return is insufficient.

For the mode of return of a certiorari (a matter not often before a single magistrate). See Burn, in.

Cheat*

CftEATS, which are punishable by the common law* may in general be described to be deceitful practices, in defrauding, or endeavouring to defraud, another of his known right, by means of some artful device, contrary to the plain rules of common honesty.

If any person shall falsely or deceitfully obtain, or get into his hands or possession, any money, goods, &c. of any other person, by Colour, and means of any false privy token, or counterfeit letter. Sec. and shall be convicted thereof, by examination of witnesses, or cenfession, at the assizes or feffi-ons, or by action in any court of record, he shall have such punishment by imprisonment, pillory, or other corporal pain (except death) as the court shall appoint. Saving to the party grieved such remedy, by attion or otherwise, for the goods so obtained, as he might have had by the common law. And two justices (i J^.) may call and convene, by process or otherwise, to the assize or sessions, any person suspected, and commit or bail him to the next assizes or sessions.

All persons obtaining goods, money, or merchandize, by false pretences, shall be deemed offenders against the law, and the public peace; and the court, before whom any such offender shall be tried, shall, on conviction, order them to be put in the pillory, or publickly whipped, or to be transported, as soon as conveniently may be, for seven years. — And if the party, charged as being the offender, shall be committed to prison, or admitted to bail, to answer the matters complained of at the next sessions or affixes, the justice shall bind over the prosecutor to appear and prosecute such offender with effcCl; and if such goods, so fraudulently obtained, appear to such justice to exceed the value of 20!. the recognizance shall be in not less than double the value of the goods.

For further Je: Pawning.

IT

Characters

49

Justices described.

1 Haw. 188; Cheats dclcri-bed.

33 H. 8. c. r. How provided against.

30 G.2. e. 14. False pietences.

Characters of Servants

r

32 G. 3. c. 56. Ill effects of false chandlers.

Peffons pWing thfm liatle to be punished*

Person« falsify-ing aocut servant's hiring,

or about fer-tants' discharge.

Servants giving false accounts.

Servants pretending not to have served.

MANY false and counterfeit characters of servants having

cither been given personally, or in writing, by evil disposed persons being, or pretending to be, the mailer, mif-tress, retainer, or superintendant of such servants, or by per- . fons who have actually retained such servants in their respective I service, contrary to truth and justice, and to the peace and security of his majesty's subjects: and the evil herein complained of being not only difficult to be guarded against, but also of great magnitude, and continually increasing, and no sufficient remedy having hitherto been applied: From and after the first day of July 1792, if any person or persons shall falsely personate any mailer or miitrels, or the executor, adminif- ' trator, agent, or servant of any such mailer or miiirefs, and shall either personally, or in writing, give any false, forged, or counterfeited character to any person offering him or herself to be hired as a servant into the service of any person or persons, every such person or persons so offending shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant has been ' hired or retained for any period of time whatsoever, or in any station or capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in which he, she, or they shall have hired or retained such servant, such person or persons, so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the penalty and punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pre- ; tend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant was discharged or left his, her, or their service at any other time than that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such service, or that any such servant had not been hired or employed in any previous service, contrary to truth, then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned. \

If any person shall offer himself or herself as a servant, afferting or pretending that he or she hath served in any service in which such servant shall not actually have served, or with a false, forged, or counterfeit certificate of his or her character, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons having before been in service, shall, , when offering to hire himself, herself, or themselves as a fer- < vant or servants in any service whatsoever, falsely and wilfully* pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous fer-

vice

>c-

]

Characters of Servants. 51

vice as a servant, such person or persons shall forfeit and uu- 3 G. 3. c. 56. dergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

1? any person or persons shall be convicted of any or either Contiftlon be-of the offence or offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their con- foreiwojuft;ce«. section, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace for the county, &c. where the offence or offences shall have been Penalty 20!. committed, (which oath such justices are hereby impowered and required to administer), every such offender or offenders.

shall forfeit the sum of 20I. one moiety to the person inform- °

ing, and the other moiety thereof for the use of the poor of the *

parish wherein the offence shall have been committed ; persons

not paying the penalty with costs, or not giving notice of ap- Commitment If

peal, &c. may be committed to the house of correction, or some not paid.

other prison of the county. &c. there to remain, and be kept

to hard labour, without bail or matRprize* for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, or until he

or (he pay the said sum so forfeited, together with the costs and

charges.

The informer shall be deemed and taken to be a good and inforn»«r* ccincompetent witness in law, notwithstanding he shall be entitled Petent to a part of the penalty.

Offenders discovering accomplices before information, shall Offender* gWJrj be indemnified ; if any servant or servants, who shall have I|emniIicd0ll, m* been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, shall, before any information has been given or lodged against him, her, or them, for such offence, discover and inform against any person or persons concerned with him, her, or them, in any offence against this act, so as such offender or offenders be convicted of such offence in manner aforesaid, every such servant or servants, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon he discharged and indemnified of, from, and against all penalties and punishments, to which, at the time of such information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this act.

Justices may cause convictions to be drawn up in the following form:

Be it remembered, that on the day of Form ofconvie-

in the year of our Lord v/. B. isconvifted before us two of his rna-

jesty's justices of the peace for the county of the offence and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be. ]

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year aforesaid.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session, where iwerofappeal, the matter may be finally determined in a summary way, and such costs awarded to the parties appealing or appealed against as the justices shall think proper; and no conviction or order shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari.

H 2 Chelsea

52

Chelsea pcnfi-oner*' conduit pointed out.

*8 C. 3. c. 4S. what age

®ound.

Age infer ted*

Chimney Sweepers.

Chelsea-Pensioners.

ALL out-pensioners (as well lettermen as others) belonging to Chelsea hospital, and living at a greater distance than 25 miles from London, after every 25th of June and December, till further orders, are required forthwith to apply themselves to one of his majesty's justices of the peace in the neighbourhood where they reside, and make the following affidavit, which the said magistrate will sign and date, viz.

came before me one of justices of the peace for the county of and made oath that

he was admitted an out-penftoner of on the

stay of 17 from the regiment of commanded by was then aged about H be said served in the army years;

dischargedfor and it no provided for by the

Government, but as a pensioner of the said College; and novs lives in the parish of in the county of Sworn before me

thir day of 17

cPo h put in a cover, and direBe to the Right the -

master General, Horse-Guards,London.

uplicate or counterpart of the said affidavit so signed and dated, is to be reserved by the out-pensioners, and exhibited to the persons appointed to pay them.

N. B. As it is probable that this matter may frequently come before a magistrate, the Editor has thought the above might with propriety be inserted for his satisfadhon, tho* not under the fandUon of a public act.

Chimney Sweepers.

BY this act, from and after the fifth day of July, 1788, churchwardens and overseers of the poor, withconsent of two justices, may bind or put out any boy, who is of the age of eight years, or upwards, and who is chargeable, or whose parents are chargeable to the parish, or who shall beg for alms 5 or with the consent of the parent or parents of such boy, to be apprentice to any person exercising the trade of a chimney sweeper, until such boy shall attain to the age of 16 years 5 and such binding shall be as effectual in the law, as if such boy was of full age, and by indenture had bound himself an apprentice.

The age of the apprentice shall be inserted in the indenture, being taken truly from the copy of the wtry in the parish register, where the same may be had, attested by the mi-pifter of such parish, without fee or reward, upon paper or

parchment^

Chimney Sweepers.

53 .

parchment, withoat any (lamp or mark; and where no such copy of such boy being baptized can be had, such justices of the peace shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of his age, and from such information shall insert the same in thp said indenture i and the age of such boy or boys, so infer ted in the said indenture, shall be taken to be his true age.

The indenture shall be made and written out according to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, and the lame shall not be charged with or liable to the payment of any higher (lamp duty, than is now charged upon indentures for binding out poor children by their respective parishes.

All indentures hereafter to be made for taking any boy as an apprentice or servant employed as a climbing boy or chimney sweeper, who shall be under the age of eight years, shall be absolutely void; and every person who shall from henceforth take or keep any such boy as an apprentice or servant employed as a climbing boy or chimney sweeper, who shall be under the age of eight years, and being convicted thereof, shall forfeit for every such apprentice or servant, any sum not exceeding 10I. nor less than $1.

The overseers of the poor of every town ship or village shall and may from time to time, within such town ship, perform and execute all the acts hereby directed to be done or executed by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of a parish or place.

One or more j'ustice or justices may hear and determine complaints between mailers and apprentices, and may make such orders therein respectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by law to do in other cases between mailers and apprentices.

No person exercising the trade of a chimney sweeper, shall retain or employ any more than iix apprentices at one and the same time; and the name of every person so taking an apprentice, and also the place of his or her abode, shall be marked or put upon a brass plate, to be set or affixed in the front of a leathern cap, which every mailer or mistress shall provide for each such apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his duty; and every mailer or mistress shall forfeit for every apprentice so retained or employed by him or her beyond the number limited by this act, or for neglecting to provide every such apprentice with such leathern cap, and brass plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her name and place of abode as aforesaid, any sum not exceeding iol. nor less than 5I.

If any such mailer or mistress shall misuse or evil treat his or her apprentice, or if the said apprentice shall have any just cause to complain of the breach of any of the covenants in such indenture, such mailer or mistress, being convicted thereof, shall forfeit for every such offence, not exceeding iol, ojor less than 5I.

at Ct3. c. 48.

Duty as ofparWh indenture.

In what tale

void.

Overfsers may aJoae.

One justice may hear and determine.

Limited numter of apprentices.

Brass platr.

III treatment of apprentice.

54

Chimney Sweepers.

C >n*Ifl«oos be* lute whom.

Application

jtoaitiea.

Not tobeietout No chimney sweeper shall let out to hire, or lend by the io hire. day or otjierwife> to any other person for the purpose of

sweeping chimneys, any apprentice; nor shall cause such boy or boys to call the streets before seven of the clock in the Time of calling. morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Michaelmas and Lady Day, nor before five of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Lady-Day and Michaelmas, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence, any lain not exceeding iol. nor less than 5I.

All convictions for penalties, impofrd by this act, shall be made before one or more justice or justices of the peace acting for the county, city, town, or division, where such offence was committed, either by confeffon of the offender, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses : such justice or justices, upon complaint made to him or them thereof, may summon the person or persons so offending before him or them, to answer such complaint, in such manner as he or they is and are authorized to do, in any other matter cognizable before a magistrate.

All penalties and forfeitures for any offence, neglect, or default against this act, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of one or more such justice or justices of the peace, where such offence, neglect, or default shall happen ; rendering the overplus, if any, to the party, after deduding the charges of making the same; and the penalties and forfeitures, colts and charges, shall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the overseers of the poor of the parish, &c. where the master or mistress of such apprentice shall dwell; and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said colts and charges shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hand? and seals, may commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalties, colts or charges, shall be f oner paid.

No warrant of distress shall be ifiucd until six days after the conviction ; nor shall any distress be deemed unlawful for want of form, in any proceedings relating thereto.

No plaintiff shall recover fer any irregularity, if tender of sufficient amends shall have been made.

The justice or justices of the peace where the offence shall be committed, is and are hereby impowered to administer the oaths by this act required to be taken.

Any person aggrieved by any thing dqne by any justice or justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, may appeal to the justices of the peace at the nc*t general or quarter-lemons of the pence to be holden for the county, &c. wherein the cause of fitch complaint shall arise, having first entered into a recognizance, with sufficient surety, before such justices, to

prosecuto.

Warrant of distress.

Power of Appeal,

55

Chimney Sweepers.

prosecute and abide by the order that shall be made on such appeal, and also giving to the said justice notice in writing of his of her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, within six days after the cause of such complaint shall have arifert.

The Schedule to muhic the Ael.

This indenture made the day of

in the year of the reign of our sovereign Lord

George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and In the year of our Lord

between A. B. and C. D, churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the county of

[or E. F. the father or next friend of the boy to be'placed oat, as the case may be] of the one part: and of the parish of

in the county of chimney sweeper, of the

other part: Witnesseth, that the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said E. F. as the case may be] by, and with the content and approbation of G. H. and I. K. two of his majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division [as the case may be] signified as hereunder written, have

put, bound, and by these presents do put and bind

a poor boy of the said parish, township, or place, being of the age of years [as

the case may be] to be apprentice to the said

he being his first, second, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth apprentice [as the case may be] to learn the trade, business, art and myfiery of a chimney sweeper, and with him [or her] to dwell, remain, and serve from the day of the date of these presents, for and during the term of years,

from hence next ensuing, fully to be compleat and ended, during all which time he the said apprentice,

his said mailer [or miilrefs] faithfully shall serve and obey, his [or her] secrets keep, and his [or her] lawful commands every where gladly do and perform ; he shall not haunt ale-houses or gaming.houses, nor absent himself from the service of his said mailer [or miilrefs] day or night, without his [or her] leave, but in all things as a faithful apprentice shall behave himself towards his said mailer [or miilrefs] and all his [or her's] during the said term : And the said

in confederation of the good will which he [or (he] hath and beareth towards the said apprentice, and of the faithful service so to be performed by him, doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said E. F. as the case may be] that he [or (he] the said his [or her]

said apprentice, in the art or my fiery of a chimney (weeper,

which

Porm of indeft' ture.

(^

Chimney Sweepers.

which he [or (he] now useth, shall and will teach and instruct, or cause to be taught and instructed, in the bed manner that he [or (he] can, and shall and will provide and allow onto the said apprentice, during all the said term, competent and fuliicient meat, drink, walking, lodging, apparel, and all other things necessary for the said apprentice; and that the said executors, administrators, or

sfiigns, shall not nor will assign over this present indenture, or the apprentice to be bound thereby, without the con lent and approbation, in writing, of two or more such justices of the peace, to be signified according to the form of the approbation hereunder written. And whereas, from the nature of the business or employment of a chimney sweeper, it is necessary for the boys, employed in climbing, to have a dress particularly suited to that purpose, which dress is only fit for that part of the occupation ; the said

doth hereby also covenant, promise, and agree to and with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor, [or the said E. F. as the case may be] to find and 2II0W such suitable dress for the said apprentice, as often as need or occasion shall be and require, and provide for and deliver to the said apprentice, once in every year at lead, during the term aforesaid, over above the said dress proper for climbing, one whole and compleat fuic of cloathing, with suitable linen, ltockings, hats, and fnoes: and further, that the said

shall and will, at Icadonce in every week, cause the said apprentice to be thoroughly cleansed from foot and dirt, and shall and will require the said apprentice to attend the public worship of God on the Sabbath-day, and permit and allow him to receive the benefit of any ether religious indrudion ; and'that the said apprentice shall not wear his sweeping dress on that day: and that the said

shall not, nor will compel or oblige the said apprentice to cal! the streets, or any other places, before seven of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-day, nor before five of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Lady.day and Michaelmas; and thvt the said

shall not, nor will at any time during the said term, let out his [or her] laid apprentice for hire by the day, night, or otherwise, to any oilier person or persons exercising or using the said trade, nor shall the said

01 any p^rfon cr persons whomsoever by his [or her] directions, require or force him the said apprentice to climb or go up any chimney which shall be actually on fire, nor make use of any violent or improper means to force him to climb or go up any such chimney : but shall in all things treat his [or her] said apprentice with as much humanity and care as the nature of the emplowr.ent of a chimney sweeper will admit of In witneG, &c.

Form

Church and Church-Yard. 57

We, the above named G. H. and I. R. two of his majes- aS 3. r- 4S* ty*s justices of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, For.m °£ aPFro* town, borough, or divihon [as the case may be] having in- juaic««. tW° spe&ed and examined the above-named J 1

[the boy to be placed out or aligned over] do hereby consent to and approve of his being bound [or af» signed over] as an apprentice to the above-named

[the matter or mittrefs] according to the terms and ttipulations expressed in the abave written indenture.

Church and Church-Yard.

IN cities and towns corporate, the bittiop (with the consent 17 Car. a c. 3.

of the mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and of the patron) may unite two churches or chapels; and make or- Uniting of der, with the like consent, that the patrons present by turns, chtt,ches# having regard to the value of the living united; and the incumbents thereof shall be graduates.

No fairs nor markets shall be kept in church-yards. »*

If any person shall, by words only, quarrel, chide, or brawl, fa.irt°/m in any church or church-yard, the ordinary (on proof of two yard*.'0 "*C witnesses) may suspend every layman, being an offender, Ed.

ingressu tccle/i* \ and every clergyman from the minittration of *-4* his o|Ece, so long as he shall think meet. — If any shall smite, quarrels or lay violent h^nds on another in any church of* church-yard, church or he shall be deemed, itfo faQo* excommunicate, and be ex- chbrth-yardi. eluded from the fellow (nip and company of Chritt's congregation. And if convicted thereof, or even of drawing any weapon with intent to (hike, by verdict of 12 men, or confession,. or by two witnesses, before the judges of assize, or justices of the pe^ce in their fettions, he shall be adjudged to have one of his ears cut off; and if be have no ears, he shall be burned in Penalty, loss of the cheek with a hot iron, having the letter F. whereby he *n ear, he hat may be known and taken for a Fray-maker and Fighter; and «c©m-

he shall also stand, ipso faQot excommunicate. mumcaooiu

He, who tteals goods belonging to a parish-church, may be indited for dealing the goods of the pafittrioflers.

Churchwardens*

CHURCHWARDENS shall be chosen annuallyih Eastef--week, by the joint consent of the minitter and parishi-Oners; or the minitter shall thufe One, and the parishioners another.

I

But

T HatP. 94. Can. £9.

When chosen, and by whom

appointed.

Churchwardens

58

Gibt.Codex, Personi exempt* ed.

Roll's Abr. *72.

6 W. c. 4.

18 G. s. 15.

1 IV. e 18.

10 n IP* c. 23.

2 (7. 3. c. to.

Gibs, 243.

5 Co. 67.

Par, L. 54. Church rate*. By whom made.

mu, b.i. c.7.

Par. L, 55. ParWh-book of accounts.

5 Co. 67. ChurchRepairt.

DegZe 17*. Appeal against Rate.

Gibf. t((|'

Degge 171. Quaker refusing.

Soil of the Church.

Repair of it. Disposal of feats.

4-, ELc. 4.

Churchwarden,

*erf:er.

Gibf. 24.3.

Uith abridged.

But if there is a custom for the pariffiioners to chafe both, that cudom shall continue.

A counsellor or attorney ought not to be chosen churchwarden ; and if he is, he may have a prohibition, by reason of his attendance on the courts at Wedminster.

Apothecaries, who have served seven years, shall be exempted from the office of churchwarden.

Freemen of the corporation of surgeons in London are exempted.

Alio dissenting teachers or preachers, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders.

All persons, who have prosecuted a felon toconviction, and the fird assignee of the certificate thereof, are exempted.

No private man, personally serving for himself in the militia, during the time of such service, shall be liable to serve as churchwarden.

A person chosen churchwarden, refusing to take his office, and oath, may be excommunicated for the refusal; and no prohibition will lie.

The rates mud be made with the content of the major part of the pariffiioners, housekeepers, or occupiers of land. — In order to which, public notice of a vedry ought to be given the Sunday before, either in the church after divine service is ended, or elfeat the church-door as the pariffiioners come out.

Those that pay no church rates, shall have no votain affairs relating to it, except it be the reftor or vicar.

It is most convenient, that every parish aft there be entered in the parish-books of accounts, and every man's hand consenting to it be set thereto; for then it will be a certain rule for the churchwardens to go by.

The rates for the repair of the church shall be laid upon every occupier of lands in the parish, altho* such occupier live in another parish.

If any person find himself aggrieved at the inequality of the assessment, his appeal mud be to the eccleiiadical judge.

If any refuse to pay the rates, being demanded by the churchwardens, they are to be sued for them in theecclefiadical courts.

A quaker, refusing to pay church rates, may be sued, as bther pariffiionerj* in the ecclesiastical court; or he maybe prosecuted before the justices of the peace, in the same manner as for his tithes.

The foil and freehold of the church is the parson's; the use of the body of the church, and the repair of it, common to the pariffiioners, and the disposing of the feats the right of the ordinary.

Every churchwarden is an overseer of the poor, although every overseer of the poor is not a churchwarden.

The churchwardens' oath, as agreed on between the civilians and common lawyers.

r*u

Churchwardens.

59

You Jkall /wear truly and faithfully to the office of a

churchwarden within your parish, and, according to the best of your skill and knowledge, present such things and as to your

knowledge art presentable by the laws ecclesiastical of this.

So help you God, and the contents of this boo

The churchwarden, or the constable, shall levy the penal- *9 7*

ties for persons exercising their worldly calling on the Lord's *con"

Day. e*

The churchwardens shall fee the parishioners resort to church, Con. 90. and continue there orderly, during divine service; and shall present the defaulters.

They shall levy the forfeiture of I2d. a Sunday, on the to be fined, goods of persons not coming to church. 1 El. r. 2.

They shall collect money on charity briefs, on pain of 20I. Briefs.

They shall not suffer any idle persons to abide either in the 4 c* T4» church-yard or church-porch, during the time of divine service, or preaching; but shall caqfe them to come in, or to be noticed, depart, Can. 20.

They shall, at the charge of the parish, with the advice and Brtad w'oe diregion of the minister, provide bread and wine against the £*$?*' communion. a7#

They shall carry hawkers and pedlars trading without li- Hawkers and cence, before a just ice of the peace. Pedlars.

At the end of the year, or within a month after at most, they Ca9 % shall, before the minister and parishioners, at a vestry, give up a just account of such money as they have received, and also Render tv* what they have particularly bestowed in reparations, and counts, otherwise, for the use of the church; and shall deliver up to the parishioners the money and parish goods in their hands, tQ be delivered over by them to the next churchwardens^

Clergy,

CLERGYMEN are liable to the poor rates, for their glebe 43 a. and tithe. For what liable

No clergyman shall take to farm any lands (except he have not sufficient glebe for the expences of his houshold) ; on pain pj^biud to* of iol. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue. farm.

No clergyman shall buy to fell again any cattle, corn, or any merchandize ; on pain of treble value, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue : and the con trad shall be void.

Benefit of Clergy,

ANCIENTLY princes and states, converted to Christia- R««ption of nity, did grant to the clergy very bountiful privileges c,*r*7 cr‘ and exemptions; and particularly, an exemption of their per- p fCO*

I 2 fons

6o

Benefit of Clergy.

Qualified

abridged*

% J/.ff. 335* When excluded.

19 G. 3. e. 47.

Fine indeed of branding.

Power of commitment detained.

e H. //. 38s.

Good* forfeited and restored.

2 Haw. 365.

font frotn criminal proceedings, in some capital cases before secular judges; which was the true original of the benefit of clergy. But this claim of exemption grew so burden some, that it was from time to time qualified and abridged by the civil power; and therefore, if they were indicted in cases criminal, but not capital, nor wherein they were to lose life or limb, there the privilege of clergy was not allowed ; and therefore not in indictments of trespass or petit larceny. Also it was not allowed them in high treason.

If the statute enads generally, that it shall be felony with* out benefit of clergy, or that he shall suffer as in case of felony, without benefit of clergy, this excludes it in all circumstances, and to all intents.

When any person shall be convicted of any felony within the benefit of clergy, for which he shall be liable to be burned in the hand, the court may, if they think fit, instead thereof, impose upon the offender a moderate pecuniary fine ; or other-wile, instead of such burning, in any of the cases^ aforesaid, except man (laughter, may order the offender to be once, or oftner, but not more than thrice, either publicly or privately whipped, such private whipping to be in the presence of not less than two persons, besides the offender and officer who in-flids the same; and in case of female offenders, in the presence of females only. Provided, that this shall not extend to deprive the court of the power now vetted in them, of detaining such offender in prison for any time not exceeding one year, or of committing him to the house of correction or other public workhouse, to be kept to hard labour for any'time not less than six months, nor exceeding two years.

A person admitted to his clergy, forfeits all his goods that he hath at the time of the conviction. But presently, upon his burning in the hand, he ought to be rettored to the posses-fion of his lands, and from thenceforth to enjoy the profits thereof.

And it is holden, that after a man is admitted to his clergy, it is adionable to call him felon; because his offence being pardoned by the statute, all the infamy, and other confcquen-ces of it, are discharged.

Clerk of the Peace.

T IV. (. 21. By whom appointed.

Id.

Office may not be fold.

1 JV. e. 2t.

THE cvjlos rotulorum shall appoint an able and sufficient person, residing in the county or division, to execute the office of clerk of the peace.

But shall not fell the place of clerk of the peace, or take any bond or other assurance to receive any reward, fee, or profit, directly or indirectly, for such appointment.

Every clerk of the peace, before he enters upon the execution

Clerk of the Peace.

61

tion of His office, shall in open sessions take the oath following:

" I, A. B. do fivear, that I havi not, nor will pay any fom or Turns of money, or other reward whatsoever, nor give any .* bond or other assurance to pay any money, fee, or profit, €t directly or indirectly, to any person or per Tons whomsoever, for such nomination and appointment: So help me God."

He shall moreover take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, and perform the other requisites, as other persons who qualify for offices.

The clerk of the peace shall certify into the king's bench, the names t>f such as be oatlawed, attainted, or convicted of felony.

He shall deliver to the sheriff, within twenty days after September ig, yearly, a perfect estreat or schedule of all fines, and other forfeitures in sessions. And shall also yearly, on or before the second Monday after the morrow of All Souls, deliver into the court of exchequer, upon oath, a perfect duplicate, and certificate, of all such estreats and schedules delivered to the fheriiFs; on pain of 50I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.1

If any clerk of the peace shall misdemean himself in the execution of his office, and thereupon a complaint and charge in writing of such misdemeanor shall be exhibited against him, to the justices in sessions, the said justices may, on examination and due proof thereof openly in the said sessions, suspend or discharge him from the said office; and in such case, the custot rotulorum shall appoint another able and sufficient person, re-fidingin the said county or division, to be clerk of the peace. And in case of refusal or neglect to make such appointment, before the next general quarter sessions, the justices in sessions may appoint one.

Oath 1

34 ^ 35 c. 14.

Outlaws, &c. certified.

22 &23 £

C. 22.

Schedule of fine* to be dell, vered.

1 IV. c. at.

Penalty for mif. conduct.

By whom vacancy tb be supplied.

Coaches.

FOR every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, with four 34*

wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, kept by any person for his own use, or employed in carry- Annual tar, ing passengers for hire, shall be paid yearly the sum of 5I. —

All the said rates and duties, and all forfeitures and offences,

shall be determined by the commissioners of excise (or of ap. Commissioner'a peals, in case of appeal) within the limits of the chief office in d#tjr*

London ; and elsewhere, by two justices near; who shall, on Justices* duty, complaint upon oath, summon the party; and, on his appearance or contempt, may examine the fall, and on proof thereof, either by confession, or oath of one witness, give judgment, and issue warrants for levying penalties by distress and sale (if pot redeemed in 14 days); which shall be employed (all ne- Application #f

cessary P*0*11*

I

62

Coaches

How long dif-trels may be detained.

Appeal, if aggrieved.

*5 G. 3. 47* Additional dut).

29 G. 3. f. 4S*

Transferring

a.

ceflary charges first deducted#) half to theufc of the king, and half to the informer : And for want of sufficient distress, they may imprison the party till satisfaction is made.

But if the juiliccs will proceed, or shall be compelled by mandamus, or otherwise, so to do ; they mull remember withal* that, by the 27 G. 2. c. 20, they may not order the distress to be detained more than eight days, nor less than four.

Persons aggrieved by the determination of the justices, may appeal to the next quarter sessions.

For every coach, landau, or other four-wheeled carriage, (except hackney coaches) shall be paid from July 5, 1785, the sum of 7I. per annum ; for every calalh, chaise, or other carriage, with two or three wheels, 3I. 10s. per annum.

Every carriage, with two or three wheels, by whatever name they are now or hereafter may be called, drawn by one or more horses, which shall be used at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally in the affairs of husbandry, merchandize, or for the carriage of goods. shall be deemed a carriage within the meaning of the act of the 25th

G. 3. and paid for accordingly, under a penalty of 7I. for every carriage so used.

The duties to be no longer under the management of of of excise and of (lamps, but under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes.

Coach-Makers.

»5 G. 3. 49.

License to be taken our. Penalty for de-

glea.

Licence renewed.

Account of carriages made and fold.

EVERY coach-maker in Great-Britain is required to take out a licence annually, paying 20s. for the same.

No coach, chaise. Sec. is to be made (on a penalty of 10I.) till the maker has taken out such licence either at the excise* office in London, or under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise in their respective districts, to whom the duties shall be paid : In Scotland, either at Edinburgh, or where the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall appoint.

The licence is to be renewed ten days before the expiration of the preceding one.

Not more than one licence is to be taken out for one house. On the death of any licensed coach-maker, the executor's wife, or child, may aft by virtue of such licence to the expiration of the term.

A duty of 20s. is to be paid for every four-wheeled, and of 1 os. for every two-wheeled carriage made for sale ; and an account is to be delivered by every coach-maker, on oath, every six weeks, of every carriage made and fold ; and all the duties for such carriages shall be paid off to the of, if in

London,

The same distribution shall be made of the penalties for other offences of this kind, in the articles of Candles, Tea, Coffee, Glass, c.


Coach-Makers.

^3

London or Edinburgh ; and in other places, to thp collector or supervisor of excise within the di drift (who is hereby empowered to administer the oath), on penalty of such coach-maker's forfeiting. 20I.

The penalties and forfeitures are to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or if incurred in Scotland, in the courts of exchequer there. To be determined, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, by any three or more of of excise ; and in case of appeal by the of of appeals for the time being, whose judgment shall be final; in all other parts of Great Britain by two neighbouring justices : from whom the party aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions. The of and just ices, on complaint or information upon oath, which they are hereby authorised to administer, are to summon the party accused, and on appearance, or contempt of the person so summoned, upon due proof by one or more credible witness, to hear, and give judgment thereon, and issue warrants of dif. tress, if need be, and cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within 14 days, rendering the overplus, if any, orimprison the party offending till satis&ftion be made.

The duties appointed by this act, as well on licences as on carriages newly made, are to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer.

No action or suit shall be commenced, but within three months next after the offence, nor any where but in the same county, and treble costs shall be allowed the defendant, if the verdict shall be given in his favour.

N. B. No direction seems given in this act for the application of the penalties; nor any recompence assigned to the person bringing forward a complaint or information.

Coals.

IF, after the admeasurement thereof by the of appointed for that purpose, the marks shall be removed or altered ; every person who had a hand in, or was privy to the doing thereof, shall, on coovifiion upon the oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit 10I. bydiftrefs, half to the king, and half to the discoverer; and-for want of distress, shall be committed to the common gaol for three months.

This act relates to West min tier, and to several parishes in the county of Middlesex, and to a part of the Duchy of Lancaster, adjoining to the city and liberty of Westminster, in which a coal meters' office is to be erected, and two managers appointed 5 to be sworn before two justices, faithfully to perform their duty ; such oaths to be certified by the j 11 dices to the next general quarter sessions for the county of Middlesex.

Any lighterman breaking bulk in the absence of a meter, or the

Penalty, where recoeered,

And before whom.

Duties, where paid.

Suit, when ad where commenced.

3- f 37-

Penalty for altering or removing matka of admeilure-ment.

19(7.1. c.j*. Merchant co.i meters oflue erected.

Oath before two justices.

Penalty for breaking bulk.

64

Coals.

the container, or of his agent, shall forfeit, for every offence, 5I.

The feller is to pay 4<1. per chaldron to the coal meters, who shall thereupon deliver a ticket, describing the quantity, quality, and price of the coals, to the feller or carman, for the consumer: Such metage to be allowed to the feller ; *and the ticket to be delivered by the carman, on pain of forfeiting 5I. for neglecting to do it.

The venders and the driver of the cart shall forfeit, for felling and carrying more than eight butaels of coals without a ticket, the former 50I. the latter 5I.

The penalty for false measure, or a false ticket, is 5I. on conviction before one justice, on the oath of two or more credible witnesses*

This act shall not extend to the owners of works for railing water by (ire, &c. See the ad.

Labouring coal meters, permitting above eight busheU to be sold unmeatared, shall forfeit $1.

Dealers giving, and labouring coal meters receiving more than 4d. per chaldron, shall forfeit 5I.

Every driver of a cart, convicted of fraud on the delivery of the coals, shall forfeit 5I. by 32 G. 2. <. 27. or he shall be publicly whipt, or imprisoned for three months.

Persons who are diflatished may, on giving notice to the feller of the coals, or the driver of the cart, have them re-mea-sured, paying 4d. per chaldron, and the deficiency shall be made good by the feller, who shall pay 40s. for every bushel deficient in meatare.

No person dealing in coals shall be capable of acting as a coal meter.

All forfeitures and penalties exceeding $1. shall be recovered in his Majesty's court at Westminster, by action of debt or information, one moiety fortheufe of his Majesty, and the other of the informers. All other penalties shall be recovered by way of complaint, before one or two justices for Westminster, or the county ofMiddlesex ; one moiety for the use of the informers, and the other moiety for the poor of the parish in which the offence is committed ; in default of payment, to be levied by distress; for want of distress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction for not more than thirty days, nor left than fourteen days, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the general quarter sessions of the peace next after tach conviction, which conviction shall not be quafoed for want of form only.

N. B. This act, which was to be in force for three years, was continued by 24. G. 2. and by other subsequenc acts, to June 24,1795^ .

13 G. 2*1.26. The principal land coal meters neglecting to station labourer! meters *e- ing coaj mcters> forfeit 40s. ; tach penalties to be levied

*uire to a tnantj appj;C(^ as <jjre,f\cd by the former act, as above: But,

by The ticket for the feller or confvioner*

Penalty of no ticket.

Penalty of false ticket.

Fire engine e*-cepted.

Penalty for coats unmeafored.

Coal meters* pay.

Fraud in coal cart driver.

316. a. e. *7. Coals may be re-measured.

Merchant may not be meter.

Penalties, how levied and applied*

Power of appeal.

Coals

65

by 21 G. 3. c, 35. these penalties shall not be inflicted, unless ' notice in writing shall be left at the coal meter's office fixthours before any parcel of coals is required by the buyer to be ad-measured, Specifying the wharf at which the attendance of the coal meter is requeued.

Three justices are empowered to regulate the retail price of 17 c*. c. 35.

coals in any part of England, allowing a competent profit to In. regulation t»f the retailers. And, on the owner's refusal, may order proper pr,cc* i officers, with a constable, to enter and fell the coals, at such reasonable rates as have been agreed on ; rendering the money (charges deduced) to the owner,

s

Coin.

ONE justice, on complaint upon oath that there is just cause to suspect, that any person hath been concerned in counterfeiting the copper monies of this realm, may, by his warrant, cause the dwelling-house, room, workshop. belonging to such suspected person, to be searched for tools and implements for coining such copper monies: and if any such tools or implements shall be found hid or concealed in any place so searched, it shall be lawful for any person whatsoever discovering the same, to seize such tools or implements, and carry the same forthwith to a justice, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in evidence against any person, who shall be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid ; and after they shall have been produced in evidence, the same, and all other so seized, shall forthwith, by order of the court, or by .order of the justice, if there shall be no trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such court or justice shall direct.

If any person shall, for gain, impair, diroinifti, or falsify the proper coin of this kingdom, he shall be guilty of treason.

If auy person shall colour, gild, or case over with gold or silver, any coin resembling the current coin of this kingdom, he, his aiders and abettors, shall be guilty of high treason. Prosecution to be in three months.

Jf any person shall wash, gild, or colour any silver coin, to make it resemble a guinea or half guiuea, he, his counsellors, aiders, and abettors, shall be guilty of high treason. Prosecution to be in six months.

If any person shall counterfeit gold or silver, that is not the proper coin of this realm, he, his procurers, aiders, and abettors, shall be guilty of misprision of high treason.

If any person shall bring false money into the realm, knowing the same to be false, in deceit of the king and his people, he shall be guilty of high treason.

If any press for coinage shall be found in the custody of any

K person

1 G, 3. c, 4®.

Tools to be seized.

Defaced and destroyed.

18 Eh c. 1.

Coining, c. treason.

8 *9 fT.e.lt, Colouring, treason.

15 & 16 <7. a*

c. 28.

Wafting and gilding filter treason.

14 El. c. I. Counterfeiting, misprision of treason.

15 Ed. 3. <.»* false money brought inte the realm.

7 or 8 ;r. c. 19.

66

Coin

Penalty on^ having a coining prefi.

f & 7 W f.17. Clippings or filings.

Who may enter

a fu(petted hrnifet

To Tearch for bullion.

What, when found*

9C. 3. r.37.

Paying the poor in bale money.

9 & toJP'. t.tx. 13 G. 3. c. 71. Counterfeit money to be defaced or cut.

Doubt, how determined.

3 Ed. t. T5.

1 //. H. 372.

1 H.if. 318.

318

One witness sufficient,

f 5 G, 2. r. 28.

person (other than the officers of the mint), it shall be seized for the king's use; and every person, in whose custody such press shall be found, shall forfeit 500I. half to the king, and half to the informer.

If any person shall buy or fell, and knowingly bare in his custody or possession, any clippings or filings of the current coin of this kingdom, he shall forfeit the same, and also 500I. half to the king, and half to the informer; and shall be branded on the right cheek with the letter R, and be imprisoned till the payment of the 500I.

The warden of the company of goldsmiths, with two of the court of assistants within the bills, and two justices elsewhere, may enter into the house, room, or work (hop of any person suspected, and, with the help of a constable, may break open any door, box, &c. to search for bullion suspected to be concealed ; and if found, they shall feizethe same, and the person in whose possession it shall be found: And the said wardens, assistants, and constables, shall carry him before the next justice, which one justice within the bills, and the said two justices elsewhere, may examine him ; and if he shall not prove, by the oath of himself, or of a credible witness, that it is lawful silver, and was not before melting current coin, nor clippings thereof, he shall be committed 5 and if on his trial he shall not prove the same by one witness, he shall be imprison-ed six months.

If any churchwarden oroverfeer of the poor, or person author i fed by him, shall make any payments to the poor in any bafeor counterfeit money, one justice, on complaint, may sum--fnon the offender, and, on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not less than 10s. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to be applied to the use of the poor.

Any person to whom any ftlver or gold money shall be tendered, that he shall suspect to be counterfeit, may cut, break, or deface such piece; and if it shall appear to be a counterfeit, the person tendering the same, shall bear the loss thereof; bot if the same shall appear to be lawful money, the person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall receive the same at the value it was coined for. And if any question arise, whether the piece so cut be counterfeit, it shall be determined by the next justice of the peace, or chief magistrate in a corporation w

Persons taken for coining false money, are not bailable by justices of the peace. But they must take the examinations and informations, and bind over the witnesses to the proper court, and commit the persons accused.

It is not necessary there should be two witnesses in cases of counterfeiting the coin, as it is in other high treasons ; but persons may be convicted by one witness only.

If any person shall utter or tender in payment any false or counterfeit money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit.

1

1

s

67

Coin*

felt,to any person or persons, and thereof shall be convicted, such person so offending shall faffer six months imprisonment, and find foreties for good behaviour for six months more; for the second offence, shall suffer two years imprisonment, and find sureties for good behaviour for two years more; and for the third offence, shall be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And if any person shall utter or tender in payment any false c. »8 or counterfeit money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to any person or persons, and shall either the same day, or within ten days then next, utter or tender in payment any more or other false or counterfeit money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, or shall at the time of such uttering or tendering, have about him or her, in his or her custody, one or more pieces of counterfeit money, besides what was so uttered or tendered, such person being deemed a common utterer of false money, and being thereof convicted, shall suffer a year's imprisonment, and find sureties for good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the year's im-prifoBment; and for the second offence, shall be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Whoever shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any 6 7 JT. e. 17.

person, that hath counterfeited, clipped, or diminished any of 156* t. c.iS, the current [gold or silver] coin of this realm, or hath altered shillings ana sixpences to make them resemble guineas and half Reward for ap-guineas; or halfpennies and farthings, to make them look like prehe»d»ng and Stillings and sixpences, or hath brought into this kingdom any ProsecutJnd* dipt, false, or counterfeit coin, shall have a reward of 40I. to be paid by the sheriff of the county. In order to which, the judge shall give him, under his hand, a certificate certifying the conviction*

In like manner, a reward of 10I. shall be paid for appre- j C.a. c. tS. bending and convicting a counterfeiter of the copper money.

If any person, being out of prison, shall be guilty of dip- ^ 17*

ping, coining, or dimmishing the [gold or silver] coin of this oVCmor« realm, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have offender*, committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted, h?

shall have the king's pardon, and if he is an apprentice, he shall be made a freeman.

If any person, being out of prison, shall be guilty of alter- 15 ing sixpences or shillings, to make them look like half guineas or guineas ; or altering farthings or halfpennies, to make them look like sixpences or shillings; or of counterfeiting brass or If out of prison, copper halfpennies or farthings; or of uttering false money, kin*'* pardon, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted, he shall have the king's pardon.

A Turn, not exceeding 600I. may be annually issued from the 7-* Treasury, for the prosecution of offenders respectingcoin. 15 16 *.

K Commitment. s7mfof profc.

cutiona issued,

68

Commitment

2 Haw* ti6.

Uobijiible offenders, and per* fjns refuling bail, mud be committed.

2 H. H. in Felon bailed or committed.

Suspected felon discharged. Cafe of homicide.

3. c. 170.

Bail, when to kfe accepted.

5 J7. 4. c. 10.

6 G. 1. r. 19.

Vagrants and petty offenders, how dealt with.

*7 G. 3. c. it.

Gaol orhouse of correction.

24 G. 2. e, 55. Offender fugitive, how dealt with.

2 listy. 119. Cautions ref-pecting commitment.

PERSONS apprehended for offences which are not bailable, and also all persons who neglect to offer bail for offences, which are bailable, must be committed. Whercsoever a justice is impowered by any statute to bind a person over, or to cause him to do a-certain thing, and such person being in his presence, shall refuse to be bound, or to do such thing, the justice may commit him to the gaol, to remain there till he shall comply.

If a prisoner be brought before a justice, expressly charged with felony upon oath, the justice cannot discharge him, but must bail or commit him. But if he be charged with fafpi-cion only of felony, yet if there be no felony at all proved to be committed, or if thefaft charged as a felony be in truth no felony in point of law, the justice may discharge him. But if a man be killed by another, though it be by misadventure, or in self-defence, the justice ought not to discharge him, for he must undergo his trial for it; and therefore he must be committed, or at least bailed.

But commitment by the justices of the peace almost in all cases (except for the peace, good behaviour, felony, or higher offences), is but to retain the party till he hath made fine to the king; and therefore, if he offer to pay it, or find sureties by recognizance to pay it, he ought not to be committed, but to be delivered presently.

All felons shall be committed to the common goal, and not elsewhere.

But vagrants, and other criminals charged with small offences, may, for want of sureties,. be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices, in their judgment, shall think proper. And they may commit other offenders to the flocks, or other custody, by particular statntes.

By this act, a power is given to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, to commit either to the common gaol, or to any house of correction, within his or their respective jurisdictions, as to such justice or justices shall seem most proper, vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with or convicted of small offences, as by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, he or they is or are, or shall be authorized to commit to the common gaol.

If a person is apprehended, upon a warrant indorsed, in another county, for an offence not bailable, or if he shall not there find bail, he shall be carried back into the first county, and be committed (or if bailable, bailed) by the justices in such first county.

The commitment must be in writing, either in the name of the king, and only attelled by the person who makes it, or it may be made by such person in his own name, expressing his office or authority, and must be directed to the goaler, or keeper of the prifoft.

Commitment.

69

It should contain the name and surname of the party com- *& If. 577. mitted, if known ; and, if not known, it may be sufficient to describe the person by his age, stature, complexion, colour of his hair, and the like, and to add that he rcfuleth to tell his

name.

It is safe, but not necessary, to let forth, that the party is charged upon oath.

It ought to contain the cause, as for treason, or felony, or suspicion thereof.

A warrant or mittimus to answer to such things as shall be objected against him, is utterly against law.

It ought to contain the certainty of the cau(e; if it be for felony, it ought to be for felony ; death of such

or for burglary in breaking the hou of such an

If it is for felony, it must be to detain him till he be thence delivered by law, or by order of law, or by due course of law.

A commitment grounded on aa act of parliament, ought to be conformable to the method prescribed by it. The difference is, where a man is committed as a criminal, and where only for contumacy; in the first case, the commitment mull be until discharged according tolaw; but in the latter, until he comply.

Where astatute appoints imprisonment, without limiting the time, the prisoner must remain at the discretion of the court.

It must be under seal; and without this, the commitment is unlawful.

But this must not be intended of a commitment by the sessions, or other court of record 5 for there the record itself, or the memorial thereof, which may at any time be entered of record, is a sufficient warrant, without any warrant under seal.

It should also set forth the place at which it is made, that it may appear to be within the jurisdiction of the justice.

It must also have a certain date, of the year and day.

Every person who shall be committed to the common or usual gaol, by any justice of the peace, the said person having means or ability thereunto, shall bear his own reasonable charges, and the charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard him to such gaol: and if any such person shall refuse to defray the said charges, then such justice shall, by writing on. oer his hand and seal, give warrant to the constable of the hundred, or cooftable of the township where such person shall be dwelling and inhabit, to fell such and so much of the goods and chattels of the said person so to be committed, as by the discretion of the said justice shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy and pay the charges of such his conveying and fending to the said gaol; the appraisement to be made by four of the honed inhabitants of the parish where such goods shall be ; the overplus to be delivered to the party.

When any person, not having goods or money in the county where he is taken, sufficient to bear the charges of hipfelf and of

2 Haw.iso. ft Inf*52.

ft In ft. 59 f. Illegal warrant.

ft H. H. lift.

a H. H. 113.

ft Haw. 33. Farther cautions.

Dalt.e. 170.

1 H. H. 583. Must be under seal.

1 H. H. 584. Unlefa by the sessions.

ft Haw. 119. Place where made.

ft H. Hi It]4

dated

3 J. e. to.

Offender, if abl', to bear he own charges to gaol.

27 G. 1. c.

7°

Commitment

In other case*, x justice may give an order OB the Treasurer*

On the Over*

Jeer i iu d/cfex, where the per foil waa apprehended. Limitation of expence.

4 Ed, 3. 10.

Gaoler refuting to receive.

l)a!t. c. 170. What is the constable't duty, on such refuUl.

3 H. 7. r. 3. Commitment certified.

3 Haw. III.

Ring only can dt (charge before trial.

13 & 14 3.

e. 14.

Incumbent*

duty.

3 ff*w. 419

Defendant* con tr Hi on.

of those who convey him, is committed to gaol, or to the house of correction, by warrant from ajudice, then on application, by the condable or other officer who conveyed him, to any justice for such county or place, such justice shall, upon oath, examine into and ascertain the reasonable expences, and shall, without fee, by his warrant, order the treasurer to pay the same. But in Middlesex, the same shall be paid by the over* leers of the poor of the parish where the person was apprehended.

By the habeas corpus a ft, the charges of conveying an offender is limited not to exceed 12d. a mile.

If the gaoler shall refuse to receive a felon, or take anything for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same, by the justices of gaol delivery.

But if a man be committed for felony, and the gaoler will not receive him, the constable mud bring him back to the town where he was takeo ; and that town shall be charged with the keeping of him, until the next gaol delivery.

The sheriff or gaoler shall certify the commitment to the next gaol delivery.

A person legally committed for a crime, certainly appearing to have been done by someone or other, cannot be lawfully discharged by any one but the king, till he be acquitted 00 his trial, or have an ignoramus found Dy the grand jury, or none to prosecute him, on a proclamation for that purpose by the justices of gaol delivery.

Common Prayer.

WHERE an incumbent resides upon his living, and keeps a curate, the incumbent himself (not having lawful impediment to be allowed by thebishop) shall at lead, once a month, openly and publicly read the common prayer, and (if there be occasion) administer the sacraments, and other rites of the church, on pain of 5I. to the poor, on conviction by confession, or oath of two witnedes, before two justices; and, in default of payment in ten days, the same to be levied by the churchwardens or overseers, by didrefs and sale, by warrant of such justices.

Confession.

IT seems that the confession of the defendant taken upon an examination before justices of the peace, or in difeourse with private person*, may be given in evidence against the party confcfling, but not againdothers.

Conspiracy.

Conspiracy.

BY the common law, all confederates whatsoever, wrong* fully to prejudice a third person, are highly criminal. And by statute, conspirators are they, that do confederate or bind themselves by oath, covenant, or other alliance, that every of them shall aid and bear the other falsly and maliciously to indict, or cause to indict, falsly to move or maintain pleas.

It is clear, that those who are convicted of conspiracy at the suit of the oarty, shall have judgment of fine and imprisonment, and to render the plaintiff his damages.

Constable.

IN some places, at this day, there is both a tythingman and constable, where the tythingman is, as it were, a deputy to execute the office in the constable's absence; but the constable may do whatever the tythingman may do, but not on the contrary, the tythingman not having an equal power with the constable.

The president, commons, and fellows of the faculty of physic in London, shall not be chosen constables.

Surgeons in London shall be freed and exempted from the office of constables.

Apothecaries in London, and within ftven miles thereof, being free of the company of apothecaries,'and also those in the country who have served a seven years apprenticeflup, shall be exempted from the office of constable.

A sworn attorney, or other officer of the courts at Westminster, may have a writ of privilege of his discharge.

Every teacher or preacher in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, in a congregation tolerated by law, shall, from the time of his subscription and taking the oaths, be exempted from the office of constable.

The prosecutor of a felon to con vision, or person to whom he (half affiign the certificate thereof, shall be discharged from the office of constable.

If any person, dissenting from the church of England, shall be chosen constable, and shall scruple to take upon him the office, in regard of the oaths, or any other matter required to be done in respect of such office, he may execute it by a sufficient deputy.

The jaw requires, that every constable be that

is, apt and fit for the execution of the said office ; and he is considered to be idoneus who hath, first, honesty to execute his office truly, without malice, afte&ion, or partiality. Second*

See this matter more felly set forth In a Pamphlet entitled The Duty / Cenjfakltt t Printed for Messrs. Robinson, tic. London, price ia.

iy*

7l

I Haw, 190.

Confederates criminal.

33 Ed.

W ho are con* spirator*.

1 Haw. 193. How punished.

I Black. 357. Difference between a constable and tythingman.

3a H. 8. . 40.

5 H.S. e. 6. & l8 G. % . c. 15.

6ar7.jr.c4.

Exempted person s.

Haw. 63. I W. c, 18.

20 & ii. W. c. *3»

Prosecutor of felons exempt.

1 W. c. (8. Quakers may have deputies.

L imhard. Who is a fit person.

72

Constable

Where choseo.

Haw. 6a.

By whornTwom.

Halt. r. 28. Prefect usage.

% Haw. 65.

Every vill flinuld have a constable.

Justices* power.

Presumed un-questionable.

13 & 14 C. a.

c. 37.

What, in default of torn or leet.

Halt. c. 28. Constable refuting to be fwoin.

C. \.jl.2.

>3*

High cooftablet oaths.

2 //«w. 33. Constable's authority.

!y, knowledge to understand what he ought to do. Thirdly, ability, as well in substance or estate, as in body, that so he may intend and execute his office diligently, and not through impotency of body, or want, neglect his duty. And ifauy Hull be chosen constable, who is not thus qualified, he may by law be discharged of his said office, and another lit man be appointed in his place. In which case, a summons may be directed to several inhabitants of the parish to appear before the justice for him to make choice of one of them to take the oath, &c.

The petty constable ought to be chosen in the leet; and the high constable (properly so called) in the torn, which is the general leet of the whole hundred.

They are to be sworn and placed in their office by the lord or his steward,orby the lhcrift' respectively, as being judge of the court.

But now the usual manner is, that the high constables of hundreds be chosen either at the quarter sessions, or by the greater number of the ju dices of the division.

And every petty constable, being a principal peace officer, and it being necessary fur the preservation of the peace, that every vill should be furniftied with one; the justices of the peace have, ever tince the institution of their office, taken upon them, as conservators of the peace, not only to swear the petty constables, that have been chosen at a torn or leet, but also to nominate and swear those who have not been chosen at any such court, on the neglect of the ftieiuffs or lords to hold their court, or to take care that such officers are appointed in them. And this power of the justices of the peace having been confirmed by the uninterrupted usage of many ages, shall not now be disputed, but shall be presumed to be established upon sufficient authority.

Justices of the peace had power to nominate and swear constables, on the default of the torn or leet, before the statute of 13 & 14 C. 2,c. 12. If a constable shall die, or go out of the parish, any two justices may make and swear a new one, 'till the lord shall hold a leet, or 'till the next quarter sessions, who shall approve of the officer so made and sworn, or appoint another; and if any officer shall continue above a year in his office, the justices in their quarter sessions may discharge him, and put in another, 'till the lord shall hold a court*

If constables, lawfully chosen, refuse to be sworn, a just ice of the peace may bind them over to the assizes or sessions, there to be indicted.

High constables are to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, as other persons who qualify for offices; but petty constables are exempted.

Every high and petty constable is, by the common law, conserva for of the peace; and therefore, if any man shall make an affray or break the peace, the constable may commit

him

Constable.

him to the (locks or other fafecustody for the present, and afterwards may carry him before a justice or to gaol, an til he shall find surety for the peace.

But he cannot require surety of the peace, unless the offence be upon his own view; for he canoot take a man's oath, because he is not a judge of record.

The constable is a proper officer to a justice of the peace, and bound to execute his warrants, and therefore it hath been resolved, that where a statute authorizes a justice of the peace to convict a man of a crime, and to levy the penalty by warrant of distress, without saying to whom such warrant shall be directed, or by whom it shall be executed, the constable is the proper officer to serve such warrant, and indictable for difo-beying it.

No action shall be brought against any constable, or other person acting by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until demand hath been made by the party, or his attorney, in writing, iigned by the party demanding the same, of the perusal and copy of such warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for six days after such demand; and if such action be brought jointly against the justice and constable, on proof of such warrant, the jury shall find for the constable ; and if the verdict be given against the justice, the plaintiff shall receive his costs against him, to be taxed in such manner by the proper officer, as to include such costs as the plaintiff is liable to pay to such defendant, for whom such verdict shall be found as aforesaid.

The constable ought not to return the warrant to the justice, but to keep it for his own justification ; but he mult certify to the justice what he hath done in the execution thereof.

The constable executing a justice's warrant, for levying a penalty, or other sum of money directed by an act of parliament, by distress, may deduct his own reasonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the goods distrained; returning the overplus on demand, after such penalty or sum of money and charges are deducted. See.

Every constable, or other such officer, shall, every three months, and within fourteen days after he shall go out of his office, deliver to the overseers a just account in writing, fairly entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, and signed by him, of all sums by him expended on account of the faiaparish, township, or place, in all cases not hitherto provided for by law, and also of all sums received by him on the account of the said parish, township, or place; and the overseers shall, - with* in the next fourteen days after the account shall be so delivered, lay the same before the inhabitants, and, if approved by the majority of them, the overseers shall pay out of the poor rate such sum as shall appear to be doe on the said account: But if the account, or any part thereof, shall be disallowed,

L the

73

Cro. Elias* Cannot ad minister an oath.

a Ham. 262. Duty respecting warrants.

If an a£Hon is brought.

Warrant to be kept.

27 C, 2. e. 20. Constables' charges may be deduced.

18 G. 3. c. 19. May deliver in hia account every three months.

74

Constable.

what, if dir* the overseers shall deliver back to the constable, or other of* allowed. jicer, such book of accounts ; who may then produce the said

book to a justice, giving reasonable notice thereof to the overseers; which justice shall examine the f^me, and hear and determine any objection that shall be made to the account, and ftfttle the sum which shall appear to him to be due, and enter ^ne same in the account, and sign his name thereto ; and the /overseers shall pay the same accordingly. Provided, that if the overseer shall find that the pariQi, township, or place is aggrieved by any thing done or omitted byt the said constable, or other officer, or by the justice, he may, giving reasonable notice to the said justice, constable, or other officer, appeal to the next general or quarter sessions. And the Costs regulated justices in sessions may, from time to time, laydown or alter at (eflioni. such rujcs an(j rCgQXations as to any costs or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them shall feein just; which rules and regulations having received the approbation and signature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

The high constables shall, at the general or quarter sessions, if thereunto required, account for the general county rate by them received, on pain of being committed to gaol until they shall account; and all their accounts and vouchers shall, after having been patted at the said sessions, be deposited with the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongst the records, and inspec* ted by any justice without fee.

If there shall be cause to remove and put a high constable from his place, it shall be done by the greater part of the justices of that division,or at the sessions.

The justices of the peace have also used, for good cause, to

justices1 power displace /ill such constables as have been cholen and fwora

to displace con- uv (tables. inCn,#

It G.2. c. 29

High constable to account for county rate.

Dalt, c. 28. Who may remove him.

2 Havf. 65.

Conviction.

Justice* cate with respect to , convictions.

WHERE a special power is given to a justice of the peace by act of parliament, to coovid an offender in a sum* mary manner, without a trial by jury, it must appear that he hath strictly pursued that power; otherwise the common law will break in upon him, and level all his proceedings. There* fore he must proceed according to the course of common law ia trials by juries, and consider himself only as constituted in the place both of judge and jury. There must be an information or charge against a person ; then he must be summoned, or have notice of such charge, and have an opportunity to make such defence; and the evidence against him must be such as the common law approves, unless the statute specially dirodeth otherwise then, if the person be found guilty, there must be

Conviction. 75

be a conviction, judgment, and execution, all according to the course of the common Taw, directed and influenced by the special authority given by statute; and, in the conclusion, there must be a record of the whole proceeding, wherein the justice must set forth the particular manner and circumstances; so that, if he shall be called to account by any superior court, it may appear that he hath conformed to the law, and not ex* ceeded the bounds prescribed to his jurisdiction.

Com.

TO buy or fell corn in the (heaf, before it is threlhed and 3 Tnji. 197* meafared, is against the common law of England. f°W

In the measure of corn, the custom of the place is to be observed, if it be a custom beyond all memory, and used without 5 any visible interruption.

Every person, who shall unlawfully cut or take away any 41 f* corn or grain growing, being convicted thereof'by confession, ^ena,ty forcut-oroath of one witness, before one justice, shall, for the first of- ^rgafrow,n5 fence, pay such damages as the justice lha.ll appoint; and if the justice shall think him not able or sufficient, or if he do not pay such damages, he shall commit him to the constable where the offence is committed, or where the party is apprehended, there to be whipped; and for every other offence he shall in like manner be whipped. The constable refusing, shall be committed by the justice, till he conform.

The inspector of the returns of corn shall demand of every . 3. . 50.

corn factor, in the Corn-Exchange, in Mark-lane, a weekly InfpcQon. return of the several quantities of corn or grain by him fid* fold and delivered in such week, as also the name or names of the purchaser or purchasers thereof, which return shall be iigned by each cornfactor delivering the same, and a transcript of such account shall be published in the London Gazette weekly; which shall be deemed to have been the average prices, during each respective week, in Kent, Essex, and London. The weekly returns taken by the inspector, shall be filed, and deposited in his office. Theinspector shall compute the aggregate quantity of each sort of grain, and the average prices thereof, which shall be fold previous to the sessions for London, in April 1782; and so on from fession to fession; which account he shall transcribe into a book ; and deliver, on the first day of the said sessions (and afterwards on the first day of each quarter session), in open court, to the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace for the city of London. The duties on importation of foreign grain shall be regulated by the said average prices. The cornfactors shall verify their returns on oath, under a penalty of, from 25I. to 50I. one moiety to the inspeuar, and another as the court shall think proper, if L 2 they


7 6

Corn

3T G. 3. r. 30* lnfp«£tor» of duties, by whom appointed.

Inspector'soath*

31 G. 3, r. 30.

Return weekly*

Declaration*

they obey not the summons of the court. The proprietors, in case of the inspector's sickness, may appoint a fubditute ; which appointment shall be presented to the next sessions. Cornfactors neglecting to deliver weekly returns, to be summoned before the sessions, and in case they shall not appear, the said persons so offending shall be fined not more than ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be divided as before. A duty of a halfpenny per lad on all corn fold, shall be paid to the inspec-for, the amount thereof to be Hated, and presented to the sessions twice a year. The inspector shall give security in a sum not less than two hundred pounds, nor more than three hundred pounds, for the faithful accounting and payment of all monies received by him by virtue of this act. If the justices shall neglect to appoint proper persons to make returns, the of of the treasury shall appoint them until the NJi-chaelmas sessions next following.

By this act, inspectors of corn-returns, not being maltsters, millers, cornfactors, or their agents, are to be appointed by the lord mayor of London, to regulate the duties on exportation and importation of corn, in the several ports of London, Kent, Essex, and SuiTex; and in the several maritime counties, by the justices, at their general quarter sessions, to be held after June 24,1791* In every town, which is a county of itself, the mayor or other chief officer is to appoint.

Every inspector so appointed shall take the following oath:

I A. B.do swear (or affirmJ, that I will at all times make

due and true returns to the receiver of corn-returns, appointed by virtue of an act passed in the 31st year of the reign of King George the Third, entitled, <c An act for regulating " the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign com imported, and of the bounty on

British corn exported," of the weekly quantities and prices.

of corn and oatmeal, at the market held at — — ----- ----- ---- —

according to the accounts delivered to me by the several dealers in corn and oatmeal, at the said market, and that I will use my best endeavours to procure true accounts of such quantities and prices from such dealers, and in all things, to the bed of my skill and judgment, conform myself, as inspector of corn-rpturns, to the directions of the said act.

All millers, maltsters, and dealers in com for sale, shall return to the inspectors of corn-returns accounts of the quantities bought by them in each week, and shall make the following declaration:

I A.B. do hereby declare, that the returns of the quantities and prices of British corn and oatmeal, which henceforth shall be by me bought and received* shall, to the bed of my knowledge and belief, be true and jud, and, to the bed of my judgment, conformable to thedireftions of an act, passed in the 3 id year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, entitled (as before

This

Com

This declaration, subscribed by such dealer in corn. shall be forthwith delivered to a justice of the peace within the district, who is to certify the same, to be filed by the clerk of the peace for the county, or town clerk of the city or town.

The penalty for atting, without making such declaration, or for making false returns, is not less than 40s. nor more than 10I.

The justices of the peace for the inland counties, and of every such city or town, as is a county of itself, and which does not contribute to the county rate, shall, at their general quarter feifions after June 24, 1791, appoint some person qualified for that purpose, not being a miller, maltster, factor, or other person dealing in corn for sale, residing in or near such town or city, to collect weekly an account of the average prices of each fort of corn, and of oatmeal, fold in such city or town, who shall be called Inspefior Corn Returns for such place; and in case of death, removal. See. two justices may appoint a successor till the appointment can be made by the general quarter sessions.

Every inspector shall enter in a book the several accounts of the quantities and prices of corn and oatmeal, returned to him by the respective dealers; which said book shall not be made public, or shewn by the said inspector, or with his consent, to any person whatsoever, unless called for, and required by the receiver of the corn-returns, or by an order in writing under the hand of one justice of the peace for the county or town in which such inspector shall reside, under a penalty of 20I.; and every such inspector shall return to the receiver of corn-returns, on the Tuefdayin each week, an account of the weekly quantities and prices of corn and oatmeal fold and delivered in the city or town where he is appointed inspettor. The inspettor to take the following oath:

I A.B. do swear (oraffirm)^ that I will at all times make

due and true returns to the receiver of corn returns, appointed by virtue of an act passed in the 31st year of his Majesty King George the Third, entitled (as of the average prices

of each fort of corn and of oatmeal, sold at the market held at

.. ..... — , and that I will in all things, to the

bed of my skill and judgment, conform myself, as inspector of corn-returns, to the directions of the said act.

Which oath any justice, or head officer, may administer. — Inspectors are to transmit to the receiver of corn returns a weekly account of the average prices of corn and oatmeal fold in their respeCUve distritts, under a penalty of 10I.

Five shillings for each return from the maritime towns, and two shillings for each return from the inland towns, shall be paid to every inspector quarterly out of the county rate, or in every city or town which is a county of itself, out of the poor rates.

When the justices, or the mayor, or other chief officer, shall

esteem

77

Delivered to a

justice 10 Decertified.

Penalty for fa1st return*.

Inspector of corn return*9

to take a weekly account of the price of corn.

31 G. 3.C. 30. His oath.

Aecoont to tht receiver.

From whence paid.

Com

78

Certificate of the Bomber of returns.

Receiver of corn returns, by whom appointed.

Oa.h.

Without fee.

Penalties, how recovered.

ft Haw. 42. Coroners, why so called#

4 Jnfi. t

»8 EJ. 3. € 6.

How chosen, and by whom.

Haw. 43, 44. Hale's PI. i 7b.

4 EJ. 1. ».

How to act.

a Infi. 14S.

esteem a larger compensation necessary, in con ft deration of extraordinary trouble,it maybe granted.

The receiver of the corn-returns is to transmit, at the end of each year, a certificate of the number of returns he has received, to the receiver-general of the customs, who is to repay the money advanced by the county treasurers. I

The treasury is to appoint a receiver of corn-returns, who I is to take the following oath, which any justice of the peace for the county of Middlesex is hereby required to administer.

I J. B. do swear, that I will, to the bell of my skill and knowledge, execute the office of receiver of corn-returns, ac- ! cording to the>directions of an att passed in the 31st year of the 1 reign of his Majesty King George the Third, entitled (as be~ for* J, and in all things conform myself as a receiver of corn-returns, to the provisions of the said att.

No fee shall be taken by the clerk of any justice of peace, or any other person, before whom any oath, declaration, or affirmation, respecting this att, shall be taken or made.

Penalties in flitted by this att on any cornfattor, or dealer in corn foe-sale, or on any inspettor of corn-returns, may be sued for, and recovered, before any two justices of the peace I of the county, city, or town, where such offender shall |

reside, who, on due proof, may convitt and levy the penalties 1 directed by thi9 att; and the determination of such justice# shall be final, I

Coroner.

CORONERS are ancient officers by the common law, so called because they deal principally with the pleas of the crown, and were of old time the principal conservators of the peace.

In ancient times, this office was of great estimation; for none could have it under the degree of a knight.

The coroner shall be chosen in the county court, by the commons of the same county.

And none but freeholders have a voice at such elettion. When any person comes to an unnatural death, the town-ship shall give notice thereof to the coroner. Otherwise if the body be interred before he come, the township shall be amerced.

When notice is given to the coroner, he is to issue a precept to the constables of the four, five, or fix next townships, to return'a competent number of good and lawful men of their townships, to appear before him in such a place, and to make an inquisition touching the matter. Or he may fend his pre. cept to the constable of the hundred.

These are to be at least twelve.

The

L.

Coroner.

79

The jury appearing is to be sworn and charged by the coro- H. h. 6o. Her to esquire, upon the view of the body, how the party came Jur7'* du'y* by his death.

If the body cannot be viewed, the coroner can do nothing; *7*

bat the justices of the peace shall esquire thereof.

For every inquisition (not taken upon view of a body dy- ing in gaol), he shall have 20s. and also for every mile he shall be compelled to travel from his usual place of abode to A take such inquisition; to be paid by order of the justices in iefiions, out of the county rates. And for every inquisition taken on view of a body dying in prison, he shall be paid so much, not exceeding 20s. as the justices in sessions shall allow, to be paid in like manner.

WHERE any complaint shall be made before a justice, 18 3.*. 19.

and a warrant or summons shall issue in consequence Just'*e to de-thereof, it shall be lawful for such justice, who shall have heard tcrnM0€ coAj* and determined the matter of the complaint, to award such costs to be paid by either party, and in such manner and form as to him shall seem meet, to the party injured: and if the person so ordered by the justice shall not forthwith pay, or give security for the same, to the satisfaction of the justice, it shall be levied by distrefsf: and if goods and chattels of such person cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for the place where such person shall reside, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month, nor less than ten days, or until such sum, together with the expences attending the commitment, be first paid. Provided, that where the penalty shall amount to or exceed the sum of 5I. the said cefts shall be deducted by the justice, according to his direction, out of the penalty, so that the said deduction shall not exceed one fifth part of the penalty. And the justices in sessions, from time to time, may lay down or alter such rules and regulations concerning costs or charges to be allowed to any Regulated «c person by virtue of this act, as to them shall seem justj which (tffioa*. rules and regulations, having received the approbation and fig-nature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, apd not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

Costs.

See tffnfiii No. 17.

t Nfc it.

County

8o

County-Court

V *' 7 15.

^'torney to be P*sent.

3^C. 3. r. 35. ^'gbt of vote llowed on li* month'* aflclint exit.

Or in the name of the occupier.

10 G. 2. e. 29.

Purposes of it.

11 & it IV* <-19*

9 G. 3. c. 20. 7J.t. 4-43 £/. C % 2.

14 J?/. r. s.

14 O' 3- 59*

13 G.3. r. 58. 19 C. a. c. 4. 19 C. a. r. 4. ja G. a. e. 29. to G. 3. r. 39: ia G,a. f. 29;

14 G, a. r. 33* 17 C.a* r. 5.

NO plaint shall be entered in the county-court, but where the plaintiff, or his attorney, is present; and the plaintiff shall find pledges to pursue his plaint; and he shall have but one plaint for one trespass, on pain of 40s. half to the king, and half to the prosecutor. And one judice'may examine the sheriff or other officer, making default; and shall, within a quarter of a year, certify the examination into the exchequer.

County-Election Bill.

THE acts G, 3. c, 17. and 22 G. 3. r. 31, are here recited ; and it is hereby enacted, that nothing ir the said recited acts shall be construed to prevent any person from voting for knights of the shire, or for burgesses for Cricklade, for lands, &c. who hath been assessed for six months to the land tax, in the name of such person ; nor to prevent any person from voting at any such election, for lands, &c. so assessed, in the name of the tenant actually occupying the same.

County-Rate.

THE justices, at their general or quarter sessions, or the greater part of them, shall have power to make one general county-rate.

For the repairing of bridges, and highways thereto adjoining, and salaries for the surveyors of bridges.

For building and repairing county gaols.

For repairing shire-halls.

For the salary of the matter of the house of correction, and relieving the weak and sick in his custody.

For the relief of the prisoners in the king's-bench and mar-ihalfea prisons; and of poor hospitals in the county, and of those that shall fudain lodes by dre, water, the sea, or other cafuahies, and other charitable purposes for the relief of the poor, as the justices in sections shall think fit.

For the relief of prisoners in the county gaol.

For the preservation of the health of the prisoners.

For the salary of the chaplain of the county gaol.

For setting prisoners to work.

The treasurer's salary.

Salary of persons making returns of the prices of corn. Charges attending the removal of any of the said general county-rates by certiorari.

Money for purchasing lands at the ends of county bridges. Charges of building or repairing houses of correction, and for

County-Rate.

8,i

for fitting up and furnishing the same, and employing the persons sent thither. Charges of apprehending, conveying, and maintaining rogues and vagabonds.

Charges of the soldiers* carriages, over and above the of- *£ 3* fleers' pay for the same, by the several yearly acts against mutiny and desertion, and by the militia aft.

The coroner's fee of 9d. a mile for travelling to take an in- *5 *9»

quisition, and aos. for taking it.

The gaoler's fees for persons acquitted of felony, or dif- 14 <?. 3. c* ao., charged by proclamation.

Charges of prosecuting and convicting felons. <7. a. . 36.

Charges of prosecuting and convicting persons plundering 26 2. c. 19.

shipwrecked goods.

Charges of maintaining the militia men's families, by the several militia acts.

Charges of bringing insolvent debtors to the assizes, in or- 31 a. r. 28. der to their discharge, if themselves are not able to pay.

The charges of transporting felons, or conveying them to 6£.r.a3.# the places of labour and confinement. >9 3'r* 74*

Charges of carrying parish apprentices, bound to the sea- a 3 6.

service, to the port to which the matter belongeth.

The churchwardens and overseers shall, in thirty days after i» a. e. 29. demand made, out of the money collected for relief of the Howtobecoi-poor, pay the fa ms fb assessed on each parish or place. And ta* if' they shall neglect or rfcfufe so to pay, the1 high constable shall levy the same by distress and sale of their goods, by warrant of two or more justices residing in or near such parish of place. Where there is no poor rate, the justices, in their general or quarter-sessions, shall, by their order, direct the sum assessed on such parish, township, or place, to be rated and levied By the petty constable, or other peace officer, as money f6r relief of the podr is by law to be rated or levied. The high constables, at or before the next feffiorts respectively after they have received the money, shall pay the same to the treasurer; and the money so paid, shall be deemed the public flock. And the said high constables shall deliver in a true account on oath ^if required), of the money by them received, before the said justices at their general or quarter-sessions. —

The treasurer shall pay so much of the money in his hands, to Inch persons, as the justices in sessions shall* by their order, from time to time appoint, for atty uses and purposes to which the public Hock of any county, city, division, or liberty, is or shall be applicable. And shall deliver in a true account, on oath, if required, of his receipts and disbursements, to the justices at evefy general or quarter-sessions, and also the proper vouchers for the same, to be kept amongst the records of the sessions. And the discharge of the said justices, by their erdef at their general or quarter-sessions, shall be a sufficient

recuuu.

M-

discharge

82

*8 G. 3. c. 28.

Stamps excafed.

37 K. i. i. By the king's band.

32 G. 2. c. 28; Conveyance, bow paid.

Wood, b. 4. e. 5. Demurrer, bow defined*

County-Rate.

discharge to the treaforer* And no new rate shall be made* until it appear by the treasurer's accounts, or otherwise, that thrfce-fourtht of the money collected have been expended for the purposes aforesaid. If the churchwardens and overseers of any parish or place shall think such parish or place is over* rated, they may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions.

Curate's Licences.

FROM June 24, 1788, the stamp duties imposed by the recited acts on licences granted by archbishops, are to ceafewith respect to licences to stipendiary curates, in which the annual amount of the itipend is inserted.

Customs. Sec Excise, so far as Justices of the peace, and other officers, are concerned.

Custos Rotulorum.

\TO person shall be appointed to the office of custos rotulorum, 1M but such as shall have a bill hgned with the king's hand for the same.

Debtors.

INSOLVENT debtors brought to the assizes, in order to be j discharged, shall pay for their bringing thither, not ex- I ceeding i2d. a mile; and if they are not able to pay, then the same shall be paid by the treasurer, out of the county-stock.

Demurrer.

A DEMURRER (from demora) iignifies an abiding in point oflaw, upon which the defendant joins issue, allowing the fad to be true as laid in the indictment.

Deodand. |

1

1

I

Deodand.

83

DEODAND is, when any moveable thing inanimate* or 3 57*

beast animate, doth move to or canto the untimely Deodtnd, what, death of any reasonable creature, by mUchance, without the will or fault of himself, or of any person.

Dissenters.

EVERY person, not having reasonable excnfe, shall resort 1 .

to their parish church or chapel, or upon reasonable let Absentfrom thereof, to some usual place where common-prayer shall be poW,c worfll,P* used, on every Sunday and holiday; on pain of punishment by the censures of the church, or of forfeiting for every offence 12d.

Every person, above the age of sixteen, who shall not re- 23 El. e. r. pair to some church, or chapel, or usual place of common. Penalties for. prayer, shall forfeit, for every month, 20I. And if he shall n<>n-<onfor-forbear for twelve months, he shall be bound to good beha- mit?* viour till he conform.

Every offender, in not repairing to church, having been 29 EL . 6. once convicted, shall, without any other indictment or conviction, pay half-yearly into the Exchequer 20I. for every month afterwards, until he conform; which, if he shall omit to do, the king may seize all his goods, and two parts of his lands.

By the 1 TV. e. 18, commonly called the of toleration. Toleration ad, which, by the 19 G. 3. c. 44, is declared to be a public ad, it is enacted, that the statutes aforesaid shall not extend to any person dissenting from the church of England, who shall, at the general sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place where such person shall live, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and subscribe the declaration against popery; of which the court shall keep a register. Provided, that the place of meeting be certified to the bishop of the diocese, or to the archdeacon of the archdeaconry, or to the justices of the peace at the general or quarter-sessions.

If any person shall take upon him to preach or teach in any s* Car. % . e, meeting or conventicle, in other manner chan according to the pradiceof the church of England, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, 20I. and for every other offence 40I. And if he be a stranger, or in the judgment of the justice of the peace before whom he is convicted, unable to pay, it may be levied on the goods of any person prefen t.

But, by the aforesaid ad of toleration, and by the 19 G. 3. Toacheri, how r. 44. no person diflTentipg from the church of England, in qualified, holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, nor any preacher or teacher of any congregation of dissenting protestants, shall be liable to any penalty for dif-M 2 fencing.

84 Dissenters.

Tenting, who shall, at the sessions as aforesaid, take the Taid oaths of allegiance and fuprcmecy, and subscribe the Taid declaration against popery, and also snake and Tubscribe a declaration in the words following, viz. / declare, in the presence of Almighty , chat I am a C hr if i an, and

a Protefant, and as such, that 1 believe that the scriptures of the

Old and New Tejl ament, as commonly received among Protestant churches, do contain the revealed will of God; and that I do receive the same as the rule of my doctrine and.

Distress.

Distrefi, what*

ft Inf, 107*

a W.f. ue. 51 If unjustly made.

ix G. i. c. 19. Fraud to prevent

diitrefi.

A DISTRESS is the taking of a personal chattel out of the possession of the wrong doer, into the custody of the party injured, to procure a satisfaction for wrong committed.

Distress for rent mull be, for rent in arrear. It must not be after tender of payment.

If any distress and Tale shall be made, for rent in arrear and due, when none is in truth due, the owner shall recover double value, with full costs.

If any tenant shall fraudulently convey off the premises his goods or chattels, to prevent the landlord from distraining, such landlord, or any person by him lawfully impowered, may, in thirty days next after such conveying away, seize the same wherever they shall be found, and dispose of them in such manner, as if they had been distrained on the premises. And every person To offending, shall forfeit to the landlord double the value of such goods, to be recovered in any court of record at West min fter. But if the goods shall not exceed the value of $ol. the landlord or his agent may exhibit a complaint in writing before two justices of the peace of the same county or division, redding near the place where such goods and chattels were removed, or near the place where the same were found, not being interested in the lands or tenements whence such goods were removed ; who may summon the parties concerned, examine the fatt, and all proper witnesses upon oath, and, in a summary way, determine whether such person or persons be guilty of the offence, with which he or they are charged, and to enquire in like manner of the value of such goods and chattels; and, upon full proof of the offence, by order under their hands and Teals, the Taid justices shall adjudge the offender or offenders to pay double the value of the said goods and chattels 5 and if the offender or offenders, having notice of such order, shall refuse or neglect so to do, they shall, by their warrant, levy the same by distress; and, for want of such distress, may commit the offender or offenders

See Appendix, No. 67.

to

Distress. 85

to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, unless the money so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall be sooner satisfied. Persons aggrieved by order of such justices, may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions.

If a man break the pound, or the lock of it, or part of it, he greatly offendeth against the peace, and therefore hue and cry is to be levied against him, and the party who distrained may take the goods again, wherel'oever he shall find them, and impound them again.

If any tenant at rack rent, or where the rent referred shall be full three-fourths of the yearly value of the demised premises, who shall be in arrear for one year's rent, shall desert the premises, two justices (having no ioterest in the premises) may, at the request of the landlord, go upon and view the same, and affix on the moll notorious part of the premises, notice in writing, what day (at the distance of fourteen days at the lead) they will return to take a second view; and if on such second view, the tenant shall not appear and pay the rent, or there shall not be sufficient distress on the premises, then the justices may put the landlord into possession, and the lease as to such demile shall from thence be void. But the tenant may appeal to the next justice or justices of assize; who may award costs to either party. And the justices in this, and all other the like cases, ought to make a record of the whole proceedings, to be produced afterwards in case of an action brought against the landlord by such tenant.

In all cases where any justice of the peace is or shall be required or impowered by any act of parliament, to issue a warrant of distress, for the levying of any penalty infiifted, or any sum of money directed to be paid by such act, it shall be lawful for the justice granting such warrant, therein to order and direct the goods and chattels so to be distrained, to be sold and disposed of within a certain time to be limited in such warrant, notlefs than four days, nor more than eight days, unless the penalty or sum of money for which such distress shall be made, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping such distress, be sooner paid. And the officer may dednft all reasonable charges out of the money arising by such sale; and the overplus (S any) shall be returned on demand to the owner of the goods so distrained.

I Injl. 47. Pound breaking.

11G. a. c. 19. Tenant deforcing.

17 G. a. ao. Goods to be sold In a limited time.

Dogs.

IF a person shall steal any dog or dogs, or shall receive or J9 G, 3. *t.

keep any such dog or dogs, knowing the same to have been Penalty onfteal-stolen; every such person shall, on conviction upon- the oath d0*8' of one witness, or his or her own confession, before twojuf-

with

86

Dogs.

tices, forfeit, for the first offence, any sum not exceeding 3oL nor less than 20I. as to such justices shall seem meet, together with the charges previous to and attending such -conviction ; and if not forthwith paid, the said justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid ; and for every second offence of the same kind, the offender shall forfeit not exceeding 50J. nor less than 30I. as to such justices shall seem meet; which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall be paid, half to the in* former, and half to the poor; and upon non-payment thereof, such justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and such justices shall also order the offender to be publicly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock. One justice, on information to him made, may grant a warrant to search for any dog stolen, or the skin thereof; and the person in whose custody such dog or skin shall be found, shall be liable to the like penalties, as persons convicted of stealing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject to If any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, such person may appeal to the next general quarter-iefBons, within four days after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving fourteen days notice of his intention to appeal.

[N. B. Some difficulties in this act are very properly points edoutin Burn, which fee, article/)^/.]

Drunkenness.

♦ >.». j. Presentsble by ptriA officers. Drunkr dt, how t*ni(bed, ti Ja. c 7,

4* Ja- 5-C<m A able's celled.

ALL constables, churchwardens, aleconners, and fidefmen, shall be sworn to present the offence of drunkenness. Every person, who shall be drunk, and thereof shall be convicted before one justice, or mayor, on view, confeffioii, or oath of one witness, shall forfeit, for the first offence, 5s. to be paid within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor; and if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress; and if the offender be not able to pay the said sum of 5s. he shall be committed to the flocks, thereto remain for the space of fix hours.

And if any constable, or other inferior officer, do neglect the due correction of the offender, every person so offending shall forfeit 10s. to be paid to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor. And if any person, once convicted of drunkenness, shall after that be again convicted of the like offence, he shall be bounden with twofureties in a recognizance or obligation

Drunkenness.

87

of 10I. with condition to be from henceforth of good behaviour.

If any alehouse-keeper shall be convicted of being drunk, 7 10.

he shall, besides the penalties above-mentioned, be utterly dif- Akhouse-kcej-abled to keep any such alehouse, for the space of three years next ensuing the conviction. drunk.

Drunkenness is no extenuation of a crime, except it be in- x Hah, p, t. voluntary. 34.

AN escape is, where one that is arrested gaineth his li- Hrm. 139. berry, before he is delivered by course of law.

Wherever a person is found guilty upon an indictment or xtf. IT. 60*. presentment of a negligent escape of a criminal actually in his Suft5F,n« custody, he is punishable by fine and imprisonment, according pani *' to the quality of the offence.

If any person shall assist any prisoner to his escape 16 a. r. 3r<

from any gaol, if such prisoner was then attainted or convic- Affiftinginan ted of treason or felony (except petty larceny), or lawfully committed to, or detained in any gaol, for treason or felony cape* (except petty larceny) expressed in the warrant of commitment, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years; and if such prisoner was then convicted of, or detained in gaol for petty larceny, or any other crime not being treason or felony, expressed in the warrant of commitment, or was then in gaol for debt amounting to tool he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable to fine and ira-prisonment. And if any person shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, or ar to any prisoner in Conveying dif-gaol, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for fe- guise, inftro-ven years, or be liable to fine and imprisonment. If any per- menu, See. son shall assist a prisoner to attempt to escape any or other person, who shall have lawful charge of him, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years. All prosecutions on this a & to be commenced within a year after the offence committed.

E STRAY is, where any hor/es, fluff, hogs, or9 flwans Kitck 23.

do come into a lordjhif, and are not owned by any man.

It seemeth to be agreed, that waifs and strays ought to be 716.

Eftray.

To be pit-

N. B. Bees are not written In this description, and cannot be reckoned claimed, among stray goods, yet, where the property cannot be ascertained, they may he feised for the nfe of the king or the lord of the manor.

proclaimed

88

Dalt. Sh79.

How long kept* KUck *3*

When the

lord's.

xx Af«d. 89*

Estreat defined*

4ft Ed. 3. C.9. To have the exchequer/eal.

ft H. 7. e. 15. Sheriffs books inspected*

One in some cares.

7 *3. Two in high treafoo. ft9 C. ft. r. 3* Three in de-ftUes of lands, ft How. 4x9.

Confession, how far evidence.

Eftray.

proclaimed in the two next market towns; and that if they are not proclaimed, the owner may take the stray goods again at any time.

He who tmketh an eftray, may keep it until he be satisfied for the finding, keeping, and proclaiming thereof.

Waifs and strays, not claimed within the year and day, are the lord's.

That is to say, after he hath had the bead a year and a day from the time of the proclamation, and not from the time of the seizure: for after the first proclamation it becometh an effray, but not sooner.

Estreat.

ESTREAT (txtrafium) is nfed for the true copy or note of

some original writing or record, and especially of fines and amerciaments, imposed in the rolls of a court, to be levied by the bailiff or other officer.

In levying, the sheriff shall shew the estreats under the seal of the exchequer, to the party indebted, on pain of treble damages to the party, and fine to the king, on conviction before the j offices of the peace, or other justices.

And the sheriff shall make no estreats to levy his own amerciaments, till two justices (1 QJ to be named at Michaelmas sessions by the custot rotxlerum, or, in his absence, by the eldest in the commission, have inspected his books; and the said estreats shall be indented betwixt the said justices and sheriff, iealed with their seals, the one part to remain with the justices, and the other with the sheriff: and the persons who shall gather the said amerciaments, shall be sworn by the said justices, that they shall take no more than is forfeited* and contained in the said estreats.

Evidence.

BEFORE a justice of the peace, in divers cases, one witness is sufficient to convict an offender, the same being directed by special ffatotes.

But in case of high treason, no person shall be attainted, but upon the oaths of two witnesses.

Devries of lands shall be attested by three witntfies at the least.

The confession of the defendant, whether taken on an examination before justices of the peace, or in difeourse with private persons, hath always been allowed to.be given in evidence again!! the party confessing, bat not against others.

An

Evidence

Aq attainder, judgment, or conviction of treason, felony, perjury, or forgery on 5 EL and also judgment tp (land on the pillory, or to be whipped or branded, are good causes of exception against a witness, while they continue in force.

The compulsory means to bring in witnesses are of two kinds. 1. By process offubparna, issued in the king's name, by the justices, or others, where the trial is to be. 2. (which is the more ordinary and more effectual means in criminal cases) the justices that take the examination of the person accused, and the information of the witnesses, may, at that time, or at any time after, and before the trial, bind over the witnesses to appear at thefessions; and in case o f their refusal, either to come, or to be bound over, may commit them for their contempt in such refusal.

When any poor person shall appear on recognizance in any court to give evidence, the court may order the treasurer to pay him such sum as they shall think reasonable, except in Middlesex, where the same shall be paid by the overseers of the poor where the person was apprehended.

The justices m fefTtons, from time to time, may lay down or alter such rules and regulations concerning any cods or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them shall Teem joft; which rules and regulations, having received'the approbation and signature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding on all persons whatsoever.

If any person, upon whom a process out of any of the courts of record shall be served, to testify or depose concerning any matter depending therein, and having tendered unto him a reasonable sum for his cods and charges, do not appear according to the tenor of the process, having not a lawful and reasonable impediment, he shall forfeit 10I. and shall yield such further recompence to the party aggrieved, as to the judge of the court shall seem meet.

In criminal cases, if a witness hath been bound over, and do not appear, he shall forfeit his recognizance.

He who affirms the matter in issue, whether plaintiff or defendant, ought to begin to give evidence.

The evidence both for ana against a prisoner, ought to be upon oath.

But a quaker's affirmation, in all cases not being criminal, shall be allowed as evidence, without an oath ; but in criminal cases, his affirmation shall not be allowed.

It is no satisfaction for a witness to say, that he thinks or persuades himself; the judge ought to have more ground than thinking.

The court may indulge a prisoner in examining the witnesses apart, but he cannot demand it of right.

In cases of life, no evidence is 10 be given against a prisoner, but in his presence.

N In

89

Theor. of 107.

Exceptions against evidence*

2 H. H.282.

Evidence. hcW compelled.

27 G. 2. c. 3. How paid.

18 G. 3. . 19. Allowance, hew settled.

S El. e. 9. Penalty on non-appearance.

Recngnirance for felted.

Lit. 36.

Molt be on oath.

7 & 8 JfL c, 34. Affirmation, when allowed, when not*

Dyer 53.

St.Tr.r. 4.9.

2 Haw. 428.

Evidence

9°

Thee. of EilJ» 117.

St. Tr. V. 1.

702.

Sr. Tr. ^.2445.

<Sr.Tr. ^.1792.

a Haw. 430.

tVmr tellimony before a justice mjy be read at the trial.

Pair. e. 164.

Pi iloner, in certain cases, not fti(charged with* out bail.

What to be done previous to bail or commitment.

1

c. 13.

Examination in writing.

Recognizance to be certified to the court.

2 £? 3 P.&M c. 10.

Witnesses bound over.

t H. H. 585. Constable may detain the prisoner till next djy.

In every issue, the affirmative is to be proved. A negative cannot regularly be proved.

A prisoner may not call witnesses to disprove sbfrat his own . witnesses have sworn.

A witness shall not be permitted to read his evidence, but he may look upon his notes to refrefti his memory.

A witness shall not be cross-examined till he has gone thro* the evidence for the party on whose side he was produced.

A deposition taken by a witness before a justice of the peace, may, at the prisonerYdefire, be read at the trial, in order to tar.e off the credit of the witness, by shewing a variation between such depositions, and the evidence given in court.

There may be four witnesses put in one

Examination.

IF a felony is committed, and one is brought before a just ice upon suspicion thereof, and the justice finds, upon examination, that the prisoner is not guilty, yet the justice shall not discharge him, but he mult either be bailed or committed ; for it is not fit that a man once arrested and charged with felony, orfufpicion thereof, should be delivered, upon any man's discretion, without farther trial.

In order to which bail or commitment, the examination and information of the parties mult first be taken, according to the following statutes:

Two or more justices (1 Q.) or one of the said justices, before they bail a person apprehended for felony (if the offence is bailable) shall take his examination, and the information of them that bring him, of the fa& and circumstances thereof, and the same, or as much thereof as shall be material to prove the felony, shall put in writing ; which examination they shall certify (together with the bailment) at the next general gaol delivery, to be holden within the limits of their commission. — -» And they shall have power to bind by recognizance all such as do declare any thing material to prove the_offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery; and shall certify such recognizance in like manner. And if they offend in any thing herein, they shall be fined by the justices of gaol delivery.

Where the person is not bailed, but committed, the justice or justices who commit him, shall, before such commitment, take the like examination and information, and shall pot the same in writing within two days after the said examination, and shall in like manner bind over the witnesses, and certify the whole as above.

If, on some reasonable hindrance, the justice cannot, at the return of the warrant, take the examination, he may, by word of mouth, command the constable, or any other person, to detain

Dig . y v^

Examination.

tain in custody the prisoner till the next day, and then to bring him before the justice, for farther examination.

Bat the time of the detainer mail be no longer than is necessary.

The examination of the person accused ought not to be upon oath.

But if, upon his examination, he shall confess the matter, it shall not be amiss that he subscribe his name or mark to it.

Which examination being voluntary, and (worn by the justice or his clerk to be truly taken, may be given in evidence again# the party con felling, but not again# others*

Excise and Customs.

ALL officers, who shall have any employment in or about the customs, shall, at their admission, if it is within the ports of London, take an oath of office before two of; and elsewhere, before two justices of the peace : and every person not taking such oath, shall forfeit his office. And the persons authorised to administer the oath, shall certify the taking thereof to the next sessions.

If any carman, porter, waterman, or other person, shall affi# in the taking up, landing, shipping off, or carrying away any goods without a warrant and presence of au officer of the customs, such person being apprehended by the warrant of any justice of the peace, and the same being proved by the oath of two witnesses, the said offender, for the first offence, shall, by the justice, be committed to gaol, until he be discharged by the lord treasurer, chancellor, under-treasurer, or barons of the exchequer; and, for the second offence, he may, by any justice of the peace as aforesaid, be committed to the next gaol, there to remain for two months without bail, or until he shall pay to the sheriff 5I. for the king's use, or until he shall be discharged by the court of exchequer, as aforesaid. The statute of8 G. r. 18, brings the recognizance not only of the said forfeiture, but also of several others hereafter following, under the jurisdiction of the justices of the peace. All seizures may, in a summary wiy, be determined by two justices of the peace refidingnear the place where the seizure is made;

' who shall summon the party accused, and, on appearance or default, proceed to hear and give judgment, and issue warrants for sale of such as shall be by them condemned ; whose judgment shall not be liable to any appeal or certiorari.

In trials of seizures, the justices shall proceed to the merits of the cause, without enquiring into the form or manner of seizure.

Any officer of the customs or excise, and their assistants, may arrest persons who shall be found aiding in unshipping any un-

N 2 customed

91

a Haw. 119.

1 H,H. 585.

Halt. r. 164. Confession ro be subscribed.

% Haw. 419; May be given in evidence.

6 W. e. t.

Oath of officer.

To be certified to sessions.

13 & 14 C. 2.

c. 11.

Penalty on evading custora-house officer.

8 G.e. 18.

JoriOti&ion of the justices in case of seizures.

9 <7. a. r. 35. Manner of feiznre not enquired into.

19 G. e. 69.

92

Excise and Customs

Penalty on aid ing in ftaadi on the customa.

Commitment from one to three year*.

19 G. 3. C.69.

Tea, brandy.

Penalty 300I. Matter may be arrested.

How dealt with.

9 G- 35*

reifon linking within five milea of the sea coart, dec.

% G.e. rS. P eceivirg or buying run good*.

9C. ». c. 35. Porter* carrying run how punisheo.

customed or prohibited goods to be laid on land 5 and shall forthwith carry them before a justice residing near; who shall, if he lee cause, commit the offender to the county gaol till the next general quarter-sessions. In which case, the officer shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appearand prosecute. And the justice? at such sessions shall hear and determine the offence; and, in lieu of any other punishment by any former act, may commit the offender to hard labour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, norlefs than one.

Where the officers of customs or excise shall find on board of any ship coming from foreign parts, within the limits of any port of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds weight of tea (not being in an East India ship), or more than a hundred gallons of foreign brandy or other foreign spirituoos liquors (over and above two gallons for every (eaman), and being in cases under sixty gallons, the master, or other person having charge of the ship, shall forfeit 300I. And the said officers, or their assistants, may arrest such master or other person, and carry him before a justice residing near; who shall, before the justice, enter into a recognizance of 300I. to appear in the court of exchequer within the first four days of the next term, to any information that may be exhibited against him : And the justice shall transmit the recognizance to the king's remembrancer in the said court. And if such person shall refuse to enter into such recognizance, the justice shall commit him to the next county gaol, till he shall enter into such recognizance.

On oath made before a justice of the peace, that any person is lurking within five miles of the sea coast or any navigable river, and that there is reason to suspect that he waits with intent to be aiding in running goods, the justice may grant his warrant to bring him before him ; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account of himself and his employment, or otherwise make it appear, that he is not concerned in any clandestine or unlawful business, he shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding one month: And the of of the customs or excise shall cause to be paid to the informer a reward of 20s. for each offender. But if such person shall desire time for clearing himself, he shall not be punished by whipping or other correction, but be committed to the common gaol till he shall do so, or till he find security not to be guilty of any of the said offences.

If any person shall knowingly receive or buy any run goods, he shall, on conviction (after summons) by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence shall be committed or the offender shall be found, forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress ; for want of distress, to be committed to prii'on for three months.

All porters, and other?, knowingly carrying run or prohibited

Excise and Customs

93

bited goods, and who shall be convicted thereof (on appearance or default), on the oath of one witness, or confession, before one justice where the offence shall be committed or the offender found, shall forfeit treble value, half to the informer, and half to the poor, to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice; and for want of distress, shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding three months. Persons being two or more in company, who shall be found passing within five miles from the coast with more than six pounds of tea, or spirituous liquors Persona cavry-not exceeding five gallons, not having paid theduties, and not »n8 tea> having a permit, or any other foreign goods of above 30I. va- &c* "'thottt lue, landed without entry and payment.of duties, and who peraM *

shall carry any offensive arms, or wear any disguise, or shall forcibly obstruct, or refill any officer of the customs or excise, personsob-shall be deemed runners of foreign goods. And if any officer (hutting officers or other person shall lose any limb, or be otherwise maimed or deemed runner* dangerously wounded in endeavouring to apprehend him, he jfj00*' .

shall, on the conviction of such offender, have a reward of 50I. ed tawTecom-over and above any other reward he may be entitled to by this penfed. ad. ' And if any person be killed in endeavouring to apprehend such offender, his executors or administrators (on certificate under hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the ad was done, or of the two next justices of the peace, of such person being so killed) shall have 50I. over and above any other reward they may be entitled to by this act.

Jf any persons, to the number of two or more, shall be found 19 (7. 3. c. <9, passing with any horse, cart, or carriage, whereon shall be laden more than six pounds weight of tea, or foreign spirituous liquors exceeding five gallons, not having paid the duty, and not having a permit, and shall carry any offensive arms, or wear any disguise, when passing with such tea or spirituous li- Armiordif-

J|uors; any officer of the customs or excise, and all other per- guile, ons acting in their aid, may arrest the offenders, and carry them before a justice, who, if he fee cause, shall commit them to the county gaol, 'till the next general quarter-sessions. —

And in such case, the officer, who conveys any such offender before the justice, shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appear and prosecute. And the commissioner shall order the CWgrs of pro. charges of prosecution to be paid by the receiver-general of the fecution, bow customs or excise respectively. And the justices, at such fcffions, shall hear and determine the offence. And if the offender be convicted, they shall, in lieu of any other punishment by Qjyendef kow any former act, commit him to hard iabour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, nor less than one.

And, upon information on oath before a justice of the peace, 9 35,

if any persons, to the number of three or more, are or have Three or moi# been assembled, to be aiding in the clandestine running, landing, or carrying away prohibited and uncustomed goods, or to good*, rckue them after seizure, and armed with fire arms or other

offensive

94

iq G. u e» 34-

Or to c*p«rl them whrn

prohibited*

JufTicf, bow to ad*

Perdty m bar-

touring offender.

Reward for Caking him*

13 £f 14 C. a.

t. it.

Won*'dinp or

abusing officer! of the caftom*

Excise and Customs.

offensive weapons, he shall grant his warrant to the conffeblrs and other peace-officers, requiring them to take to their af-jillance as many as may be thought necessary for apprehending such persons; and he may, if on examination he find cause, commit them to the next county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until they be discharged by due course of law; and such , on conviction of their being assembled and armed as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and transperted for leven years.

If any persons, to the number of three or more, armed with fire arms or other offensive weapons, shall be assembled in order to affill in the exportation of goods prohibited to be exported, or in running any prohibited or uncustomed goods, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. And if any persons be charged with any the said offences, before a justice of the peace, by information on oath of one or more credible persons to be subscribed by him or them, the justice shall forthwith certify the same under his hand and seal, and return the information to one of the secretaries of (late, who shall lay the same before the king in council; who may thereupon make his order, commanding the offender to surrender in forty days after the first publication thereof in the gazette, to the lord chief justice, or any other of the justices of the king's bench, or tofome justice of the peace, who thereon shall commit him to gaol, to anf*er the charge against him according to due course of law. And if such offender shall not surrender pursuant to such order, or escape after surrender, he shall be attainted of felony without benefit of clergy. And if any person, after the time appointed for surrender, shall knowingly harbour such offender, he shall, on conviction within one year, be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. And every person who shall take, or discover so that he may be taken, any person so advertised and not surrendering, and cause him to be brought before the judge of the king's bench, orjustice of the peace for London or Middlesex '(who shall commit him to Newgate), shall receive 500I. in one month after execution awarded, from the of of the customs of excise respectively : And if any person shall be killed in apprehending such offender, his executors or administrators shall receive iool.

Where any officer or officers of the customs shall be by any person armed, beaten or wounded, to the hazard of their lives, m execution of their office, every person so abusing any such , officer or his deputy, shall, by the next justice or other magistrate, be committed to prison'till the next quarter-sessions; and the said sessions shall puniffi him by fine, not exceeding iool. and the offender to remain in prison 'till he be discharged, by order of the exchequer, both of the fine and of the imprisonment, or discover the person that set him on work.

If

Excise and Customs.

If any officer, or other person employed in seizing any goods forfeited, or in endeavouring to apprehend offenders against this act, shall be beaten or killed, or the goods seized be ref-cued, the hundred shall answer damages, and also pay 100I. to the executors or administrators of such person killed, Co as the Aim for beating exceed not 40I. nor for the loss of goods 200I. to be recovered and levied as in cases of robbery by the 8 G.2. But no person shall recover damages for such beating

or loss of goods, unless he give notice in (our days to two inhabitants near, and fn eight days make oath before a justice, whether he knew any of the persons concerned ; and if he did, he shall be bound over to prosecute; and unless, betides the said notice and recognizance, he give such notice, and enter into such recognizance as persons robbed, by the 8 2. are

directed to give.

If any officer of the customs or excise shall not use his bed endeavours to seize any tea, coffee, or foreign spirituous liquors, or to (top, detain, and carry before one or more justices any offender, in such case-, one justice residing near to the place where such officer shall make default, oq complaint thereof made to him within three months after such default, may examine into the truth of such complaint; and if it shall appear to the said justice, that there is reasonable ground for the complaint, he shall transmit the said complaint, together with the examinations taken before him thereon, unto the of of the customs or excise respectively; who shall, by such ways and means as to them shall seem meet, examine into the truth of the premises. And in case they shall think fit, on the ground thereof, to dismiss the officer from his majesty's service, he shall be incapable of executing any office in the customs or excise for the future. Provided, that no person shall be compelled to go above five miles from his usual place of abode, to be examined before any justice, upon any complaint made to him as aforesaid.

Excise in general.

NO person shall be capable of intermeddling with any office relating to the excise, until he shall, before two justices in the county where his employment shall be, or before a baron of the exchequer, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, together with this oath following:

You shall swear to execute the — truly and faithfully, without fa<your or ajf and , front time to time, true account make, and deliver to such person or persons at

his Majesty shall appoint to receive the , and shall take no fee

or rewardfor the execution of the said office, from any other person than from his Majestyt or those whom his shall appoint in

that behalf

And

95

s G. a. Cm 34*

Damages answered by the hundred.

Steps to recover damages.

19 G. 3. c. 6ty-

Neglect 0 officer s.

Incapacity, i#

dismissed.

M Cm 2. C, 24.

Eacife officer's oath.

9<>

1 % C. ft. v 14*

To be certified to the fcftioot* Declaration to be subscrioCd within fix nonths.

F.xc

Collector's duty.

72 Car. 24.

Appeals, by whom heard*

7 6T8*r. c.30.

Wicnert'e* punished for non-appearance*

izG.c* 28* Goods seized to be valued on oath*

12 Car. it ( 14. Penalties mitigated.

6 G. 3. c. 14. Duties, in what cases, returned.

15 Car.ft. MI*

Coppers, &c* gauged*

.'Excise in general.

And the justices shall certify the taking of such oath to the next quarter-sessions, there to be recorded.

And he shall also, within six months after his admission to the office, take the oaths and subscribe the declaration against transubstantiation, at the quarter-sessions, in like manner as other persons admitted to offices.

The collector's business is, every six weeks, to go his round ; and, in the intervals of rounds, he is to be assisting in prosecuting offenders before the justices.

In case of appeals, they shall be heard and determined by any two or more justices of the peace, residing near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed : And in case of neglect or refusal of such justices by the space of fourteen days next after complaint made, and notice thereof given to the offender, the fub-commissioners may hear and determine the same.

The of and justices may summon witnesses, to appear before them at a certain day, time, and place, to be in-l'erted in such summons, and to give evidence; and in case of n eg left or refusal to appear, or if, upon appearance, any shall refuse to give evidence, he shall forfeit 10I.

One or more justices shall have power to administer an oath to any person (killed in the value of goods, vessels, or carriages, mentioned to have been seized in any information exhibited before the justices, who shall view the same; and, after condemnation, the said goods shall be fold where the comraif-iioners shall think proper.

The justices, of, fub-commissioners, respectively, where they shall see cause, may mitigate, compound, or lessen the forfeiture, penalty, or fine; so as the same be not made less than double the value of the duty of excise which ought to have been paid, besides the reasonable costs and charges such officers or others, as were employed therein, to be to them allowed by the said justices.

Ale, Cyder, Perry, Vinegar, &c.

IF cyder or perry, having paid the duties, shall afterwards, by being unfit for sale as cyder or perry, be charged with the duties on vinegar ; three of of excise, or two juf* tices, on proof thereof, shall discharge the duties thereon imposed by this act.

As often as there shall be occasion, two able artists shall be appointed, one of them by the of or fub-commissioners, and the other by the brewers of any city or place; who shall be sworn before a justice, to take and compute the just contents and gage of all coppers, fats, and brewing vessels, and to deliver, under their hands, one copy of the contents to

97

Ale, Cyder, Perry, Vinegar, See.

the of and fub-commissioners, and another to each respective brewer.

The of of excise or appeals, or ju dices of the peace, on complaint of any overcharge returned upon them by the gager, shall hear and determine the complaint; and examine witnesses on oath, and thereupon* or by other due proof, may discharge such complainant of so much of his charge as shall be made out before them.

i V. f. i. r.*4.

Complaint of overcharge de- _ termiaed.

Candles.

IF the officer shall have cause to suspect, that candles are privately making, to avoid the duty, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one judice redding near to the place, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commis-' doner or judice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a condable), to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away, as forfeited, all such candles as he shall there dnd so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making the same ; and also all such candles as he shall dnd so concealed; together with the boxes or other package containing the same: And the person that shall be found privately making such candles, or in whose podession any such shall be found, shall forfeit tool.

No person redding within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall make candles, unless he occupy a tenement of 10I. per ann. and pay parish rates for the same; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor.

By 8 Ann. c. 9. monthly entries were to be made in London and Wedminster, and entries every six weeks elsewhere, by all makers of candles; which clauses are repealed; and, by this act, all persons making candles, shall every week make a true entry of the candles made within each week, at the next office of excise, on pain of forfeiting 20I. and they shall pay and clear off all the duties within one week after such entry is made.

Six hours' notice within the limits of the head office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours' notice elsewhere shall be given, before any chandler begins making candles, on penalty of 50I. if such notice is not given, and the making mud be begun within three hours of the time mentioned in the said notice, or the notice is null and void.

If any officer of excise shall discover that the making of candles is privately carried on, without notice given, and he shall discover any person knowingly assisting therein, every person so discovered, shall forfeit 20I. over and above all penalties

O that

5 G. 3* *43*

Privately made to avoid the duty.

Seised end for* feited.

*5 G.j. c. 74* Who may make candles.

Monthly entries, or every six weeks, by 8 Ann. c. 9.

Weekly entries and payments, now required.

Notice to officers.

Penalty for not giving notice.

98

Penalties, how applied.

10 G. t. c. 10. Ir suspected, to be concealed.

Constable, if by night.

Officer obstroc-ted.

11 G. 3. e. yo. False entries.

1 7 G. 3. c. 29. Tea adulterated.

Candles.

that the proprietor or maker of such candles shall be liable to ; the offender to be stopt, detained, and conveyed by the said officer of excise, and all other persons acting in his aid, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, who, on confession, or proof by the oath of one or more credible witness, may convict the persons so discovered, who shall immediately pay the said 20I. into the hands of the officer, or shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for two months from the day of such conviction. The penalty and time of imprisonment to be doubled for the second offence.

One moiety of the penalties imposed by this act, shall be to his majesty, the other to him or them that shall inform, discover, or i'ue for the same. The action or suit mud be commenced within three months, with treble costs to the defendant, if the verdict shall pass in his or their favour.

Tea, Coffee, and Chocolate.

IF any officer shall have cause to suspect, that any of the said goods shall be concealed, if it is within the bills, then on bath made before two of, or elsewhere, before one or more justices, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, they may, by warrant, authorize such officer by day or night 5 bat if in the night, then in presence of a constable, to enter the place suspected, and feizeand carry away the same (if found) as forfeited, together with the bags, canifters, and other package; and if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit tool.

Two of, or any justice of peace, on complaint by an officer on oath, that he suspeds any dealer not to have made true entries, may summon such suspected person to appear with his books, and examine him on oath touching the truth of his entry ; and if he shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to make such oath, he shall forfeit 20I.

If any person shall dye or manufacture any floe leaves, liquorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been ofed, or the leaves of any tree, shrub, or plant, in imitation of tea, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, he shall, for every pound of such leaves, forfeit 5I. and on non-payment thereof, such justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less thnn lix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid. — And if any person shall have in his custody any quantity (exceeding six pounds weight) of such leaves, and shall not prove, to the satisfaction of the justice, that such leaves were gathered with the consent of the owner of the trees, for some other use, and not for the purpose of manufactureing them in imitation of tea, and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness

before

L»

99

Excise. (Tea, Coffee, Sc.)

before one justice, be shall, for every pound of such green or manufactured leaves so found in his cuHody, forfeit the sum of 5l. and, on non-payment thereof, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid. And if any excise officer or other person shall have cause to suspect that any such leaves shall be concealed in any place, on oath made before a justice, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, the justice may, if he judge it reasonable, by his warrant, authorize such officer or other person, by day or night (but if in the night, then in presence of a constable), to enter such place, and to seize and carry away, as forfeited, all such leaves, together with all the waggons, carts, boxes, . containing the same: And the said justice, or any other justice where such seizure shall be made, shall, on proof of the premises by the oath of one witness, by his warrant, order the leaves so seized to be carried to some convenient place, and there to be burned or otherwise destroyed ; and the said waggons, carts, boxes. See. to be sold, and the money arising by such sale, after deducting the charges of seizure and sale, and of the burning or otherwise destroying the leaves, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor: And if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit 50I. on conviction by the oath of one witness before one justice; and, on non-payment, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than (ix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

Provided, that no such leaves shall be burned or otherwise destroyed, if the owner thereof shall, within twenty-four hours after seizure, prove to the satisfaction of the justice, that they were gathered with consent of the owner, for some other use; in which case, the said leaves, &c. shall, by order of such justice, be restored.

If any officer of excise shall find any increase in the (lock of any dealer in teas, coffee. Sec. [and spirituous liquors, unless by mixing water] fmee his last survey, such increase the said dock shall be forfeited, and the person in whose (lock such increase shall be found, shall also forfeit the Aim of 20I.

The conviction shall be written on parchment or paper, in this or the like form : Be it remembered, that on the — day of — , in the year A. B. , upon complaint D.

comfitled before me one of the justices of the peace Jor,

pur/uance of an a3 passed in the fens enteenth year of the reign of his majesty king George the third, for [here set forth the offence.] Given under my hand andfeal the day and year above written : And shall be certified by the justice to the next sessions; and shall not be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari into his majesty's court of king's bench.

On re-working chocolate, proof shall be made (before the of within the bills, and before two justices else-

where)

O

Lems, &c« concealed.

17 G,3. c. 29.

In what case restored*

Fraudulent increase of ftocls of teas, c.

II G. e. 30. Form of conviction.

U.

Chocolate re* woilted*

lOO

Excise. (Tea, Coffee, &c.)

where) that the duties for the cocoa-nuts whereof it was made, and for those also which are added, have been paid, and the chocolate entered.

Tm* foll w ^h ^ any Person °^er any tea to ^e» not having a Per* ouVpermitT11 " mit 5 or any pedlar, or other trading person, going from town to town, although he have a permit, the person to whom it is offered to sale may seize and detain the same, and carry it to the next warehouse belonging to the customs or excise, and bring the person before a justice of the peace, to be by him committed to prison, and prosecuted for the penalties incurred for such offence.

Glals.

17 G. 3. e. 39*

Who restrained from aAing as justices.

NO person concerned in the glass-trade, or in any glass-house, shall act as a justice in any matter relating to duties thereon.

Hops.

14. G. 3. c. 68. Mark after weight.

Altering mark, how punished.

Cutting hop binds.

IF the officer shall put his mark of the weight of the hops upon any bag, before he hath weighed such bags and hops therein, he shall forfeit 40s. on conviction before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, by distress; half to the* informer, and half to the overseers for the use of the poor. — And if any person shall forge, alter, or obliterate any such mark on such bag or pocket, he shall forfeit 10I. in like man* ner; and, in default of payment, shall be imprisoned six months, or until he shall have paid the penalty. Complaint shall be made within six calendar months.

If any person shall unlawfully and maliciously cut any hop-binds, fee Black A&.

Leather.

^ An. c.ii. TANNERS and others shall, before the carrying away of i'dnneis entry, goods from the place of drying, make entry with the officer of the number and quality, and verify the same on oath, to bead-ministered by any justice of the peace, or collector or supervisor; and they shall not remove any of the said goods from the place of drying, until the duty be first charged, entered, and marked, on pain of forfeiting 20I. half to the king. Two justices to and half to the informer. Any two justices residing near, may bear and deter- hear and determine offences; who shall, on information or m,ne* complaint in three months after seizure made, or offence committed, summon the party accused, and the witnesses, and, on appearance or contempt of the party (on proof of notice given),

shall

Leather,

lot

shall examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment, and issue warrants for levying the pecuniary penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed in six days). And they may mitigate the penalties, the charges of the officers being always allowed over and above the mitigation ; and so as the mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one fourth part, over and above the charges. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next fel-iions. And no certiorari shall be allowed.

Linen Cloth, Silks, and Cottons.

NO person shall use or wear in any apparel, any printed, painted, stained, or dyed caliico, on pain of 5I. to the informer, on conviction, on the oath of one witness before one justice* who shall, on information, on oath, in six days after the offence, summon the party, and, upon his appearance or contempt, examine the matter, and, on proof by confession, or oath of one witness, determine the same, and, on conviction, cause the penalty to be levied by distress and sale, rendering the overplus (charges of distress and sale being first deducted) : provided that persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions, giving lix days notice.

Upon oath made by any person, that he hath reason to fuf-pest that any such stuffs are in the custody of any draper or other person for his use, without having thereupon such ilamps or marks as the law directs; two of within the bills, and two justices elsewhere, shall issue their warrant to any officer of the customs, with the assistance of a constable, in the day time, to feahch for the same, and to seize such goods, and bring them to the next office for the said duties. One moiety of the penalties and forfeitures on this act shall be to the king, and the other moiety to him who shall sue. If any question shall arise, whether any of the said stuffs wholly made of cotton were manufactured in Great Britain ; the proof shall lie on the owner, and not on the prosecutor. — -The penalties of this act shall not extend to such cloths as are dyed altogether in blue.

Malt.

THE justices in sessions, and the steward in the leet, may hear and determine the time for making malt, as well by preferment of twelve men, as by accusation or information of two honest witnesses. If the bailiffs and constables of the town where malt shall be made, or put to sale, shall find it to be evil made or mingled with evil malt, they shall, with the advice of one justice, cause it to be sold to such persons, and

at

7 G. fl. ?. €. 7*

Penalty for wearing*

Power of appeal.

7 G. fi. 1. *. 7*

Unframpe4

goods.

Blue cloths er* empted.

a 3 E. 6

c. to.

Time of tmk* h»g. by whom . determined. Malt adulterated.

102

Malt

12 Ann. a.

Drawback Id ttita.n cases.

3 G. 3. e. 13:

*4 G. 9. 40.

Application of penalties.

1 i.

c. 16.

Power of appeal.

aa Ann I.

«. 9.

at such reasonable prices, and under the common price of the market, as to him shall Teem necessary and expedient.

After the duty is paid, if any quantity shall be damaged by the sinking of the vessel in which the malt shall be traulported from one part of the kingdom to another; the justices shall, at the next sessions, on proof of such damage and of the payment of the duty, settle the quantity of the damage, and thp allowance to be made in respect thereof, and give a certificate of the sum allowed, which shall bear the same proportion to the whole duty, as the damage shall bear to the value of the malt: on producing of which certificate, the officer shall repay or allow to the proprietor the sum certified. But where such loss shall happen, the person who shall sustain the same, shall three days before the next sessions, leave notice thereof in writing with the collector of the diilrift where the loss shall happen, and of his intention of applying to the said sessions. — After the duty is paid, if any malt shall be destroyed by fire; the owner may make proof thereof by two witness'es on oath, and of his having paid the duty, at the next quarter-sessions, where such accident shall happen; who shall grant a certificate of such loss, on producing of which, the duty shall be repaid-

Every maltster, in any city or suburbs thereof, or market town, shall give notice in writing to the officer of excise, twenty-four hours (and elsewhere forty-eight hours) before he or she shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt; and if they do not begin at the time, they are to give fresh notice. The hours of setting to work mull be between four A. M. and nine P. M.

Neglecting or refusing to give notice, or fresh notice, if this becomes void; or not covering the whole with water, or wetting at improper hours, or not continuing the same covered with water for full forty hours; or adding fresh grain to the corn in steeping, after the account hath been taken by the officer, shall forfeit tool.

The penalties relating to this article (except where it is otherwise directed) shall be sued for, levied, and mitigated as by the laws of excise, or in the courts at Westmiofler ; and be applied half to the use of the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Persons aggrieved by any judgment of the justices, may appeal to the next quarter.sessions, giving six days notice in writing.

And the sessions may award cods to either party, to be levied by warrant of the justices, or two of them, on the goods of the party. And no certiorari shall be allowed, to set aside any order of the ju dices.

Paper.

103

Paper. (Plate,

Paper.

ALL the excift laws shall he in force for managing these duties; and the penalties shall be foed for, levied, mitigated and disposed of, as by the laws of excise.

By 2i G,3. c.24. the statutes of 10 and 21 Ann, and 13

G. 3. respecting the duties on paper. c. are repealed, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof.

After the duties by this act imposed on paper. if any quantity of paper. Sec, shall happen to be damaged by the calling away or (inking of the barge or vessel in which the said paper shall be transported from one part of this kingdom to another within the same, the justices of the peace where such accident shall happen, shall, at the next general quarter-fefuons to be held for such county. Sec. upon proof of such damage, and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the quantity of the damage; and give a certificate under their hands and seals of the sum allowed. Where any such loss ov damage shall happen as aforesaid, the person or persons who shall sustain the same shall, three days at lealt before the next quarter-sessions, give or leave notice, in writing thereof with the collector of excise, of his and their intention of applying, at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, for an allowance in respect of such damage or loss.

Plate.

EVERY goldsmith, silversmith, and plate-worker, shall, before he takes upon him to exercise the said trade, enter his name and mark, and place of abode, with the wardens of the company where an aJTayer is: And if he shall not make such entry, or shall (trike any other mark, but what is io entered, he shall forfeit double value, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue*

No goldsmith or silversmith shall fell any piece of plate or goods, or any ware in which the quantity of gold shall be of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or in which the quantity of silver shall be of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, unless he shall have first paid a duty of 5I. for a licence. And this licence to be taken out yearly, ten days before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out the first licence; under a penalty of 20I. This a & extends to persons felling gold or silver plate by auction, and also to pawnbrokers and refiners, who are required yearly to renew their licence.

Prosecutions for offences against this act may be in the courts at Westminster; or otherwise, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same may be before three of of excise, and in case of appeal before the com mi f-

sioners

*4 G. 2, c. 40.

Excise laws applicable.

ti G, 3. c. 04. Other diitiea granted.

Drawback of duties.

Notice of application.

11 ar 13 nr*

c. 4.

Goldsmith*a entry.

Penalty for not making it.

3» G, % , c. 34.

Doty to be psid for a licence, yearly.

31 G f. c. 3*. Before whom prosecuted.

L.

104

3i C. z. c. 3»i

Penalties levied by antrefs.

32 G. 2, c. 24. Mav be mitigated.

31 G. 2. c. 3» Id.

D ipial of forfeitures.

Excise. (Plate, &c.)

sioners of appeal ; and elsewhere, before two j uflicei residing near to the place where the offence was committed.

And the said of and justice* respectively, shall, upon complaint or information on oath, summon the party accused; and, upon his appearance or contempt, shall proceed to the examination of the fa&; and, on due proof being made thereof by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give judgment; and issue warrants under their hands for levying the penalties by distress (if not redeemed in fourteen days) ; and for want of sufficient distress, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction is made.

And they may mitigate the penalties of 20I. as by the laws of excise. *

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

All forfeitures (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being deduced) shall be distributed, half to the king, and half to him who shall inform or sue.

Sale.

Officer to take the oaths.

10 6? 11 fV. c* 22-

Allowance to refiners.

5 IV, c. 7. NO person shall be capable of any office relating to these

duties (other than that of chief commissioner) until he shall, before two of, or two justices of the peace where he shall be appointed officer, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and the oath of office.

When any rock salt, for which the duties shall have been paid orfecured. shall be melted and rerined, the person who shall refine it, shall have an abatement out of the duty of the white salt, of so much as was charged on the said rock so melted and refined; so as the rock so refined were before the melting thereof weighed in the presence of the officer; and so as oath be first made before a justice near adjoining, of the particular quantity of rock salt by such refiner employed in making the said white salt; and so as due proof be made upon oath or otherwise, that the duties for the said rock salt so refined were paid or secured.

The collector shall provide at every salt-work or pit, sufficient feales and weights for weighing the salt that shall be delivered from thence; and one or more persons living near, shall be admitted and sworn to the true weighing of such salt, before one justice near adjoining, without fee; and he shall be paid by the collector or officer for the duties. The lord mayor and aldermen in London, and the justices of the peace in the country at their general sessions may set and publish in Writ-Price regulated. the prjces of salt, and alter the same as there shall be occasion ; and persons refusing to fell at such price, or felling a: a higher price, shall forfeit 5I. half to the king, and half to the informer, by distress, by warrant of the lord mayor, or any such

7 &? S JV, e,31.

Weight to be (worn to.

Excise. (Salt, &c.)

such yustice; and in default of sufficient distress, shall be imprisoned till paid.

No person dealing in salt, shall it otherwise than by weight, after the rate of 56 pounds to the bufiiel, on pain of 5I, to the informer; to be determined by two justices redding near: And the party grieved may appeal to the next felGons. And the said justices shall, on complaint, summon the party accused, and, on appearance or contempt, examine the matter, and, on proof by the oath of two witnesses, or confession, give judgment, and shall issue their warrant to levy the same by difirefs, and cause sale thereof to be made, if not redeemed in six days, rendering the overplus, and for want of sufficient didrefs, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction is made.

No person shall buy salt otherwise than by weight, and not by measure; on pain of 10s. a bnfhel, and (b proportionally.

Where any salt that hath paid duty is loft at sea, the merchant or owner of the salt shall, on proof made by the oath of two witnesses, whereof the matter or mate shall be one, at the quarter-sessions, that the same was not occasioned by any negligence or default of the mailer or mariners, receive from the said sessions a certificate that such proof was made before them ; and, on producing the certificate to the salt officer, he shall let him buy the like quantity duty free.

If any person is aggrieved by an order of two justices relating to the duiiei upon salt, or to any forfeiture or offence concerning the same, he may appeal to the next quarter-sessions*

But no dealer in salt shall act as a jufiiceof the peace in any matter relating to the duties upon salt; and if there shall not be a sufficient number of justices in any corporation, not dealers in salt, the justices of the county shall have power to act therein.

Soap.

THE duty on all soap made within the kingdom, is out penny half-penny a pound.

No maker shall have any private pipe Or conveyance, on pain of 200]. And if any person shall obstruct the officer in his search, he shall forfeit tool. Provided, thatif upon search no such pipe shall be found, the officer shall make good the damage done to the ground, wall, or other place, or make satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices; or he may bring his action for the damages.

If the officer shall have cause tofufpeft, that soap is privately making in any place, or that any soap is concealed with intent to avoid the duty, in such case, on' oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one justice redding near to the place, letting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commis-

P , fiyner

10 5

q&ioJV. c.6. To be fold only by weight. Penalty, with power of appeal!.

1 An. ft. r.

c. si.

Penalty on buyer, a & 3 An. e. 14.

Allowance of duty.

10 & 11

€ Z2.

Persona aggrieved may appeal.

1 Ann. ft. t. c. at.

No dealer to act as a justict.

Duty on (dap.

17 G. 3. c. 51.

Penalty on private pipe, fee. Officer ob-Aru£ted. Damage, when and how to be made gctitW

5 G. 3 . c.43.

Concealment CO avoid duty.

io6

Soap privately made, seized.

- aj G. a. at.

Condemned in twenty days*

Power of appeal.

Mitigation of penalty.

fioner or justice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by speciat warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable), to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away as forfeited, all such soap, as he shall there find so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making of loap ; and likewise all such soap as he shall find so concealed, together with the boxes or other package: And the person that shall be found privately making soap, or in whose possession such soap shall be found, shall forfeit iool.

Where any such soap shall be seized as forfeited, and no person shall claim the same in twenty days, the justices shall proceed to trial and condemnation thereof. And the judgment thereon shall not be liable to any appeal, or be removed by certiorari. But in any other case, if the party is not satis-iied with any judgment of the justices, he may appeal to the next quarter-session. And on information, the mitigation shall not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, over and above the colb to be allowed.

I* G. e, 30. Concealment of spirits.

Officer may enter, but if by night, with a Con (table.

10 S' 11 IT.) r. 4.

Warrant to officer, on rath. Spirit* and vessels seized.

Cldmant* forfeituic.

Spirituous Liquors.

IF any officer of the excise have cause to suspedfc, that any foreign (pints shall be fraudulently concealed in any place, entered or not entered, ifit is within the bills of mortality, then on oath made before two of, if elsewhere, before one justice, where he suspects them to be concealed, setting forth the ground of his fofpicion ; he or they may, by special warrant, authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter, seize, and carry away the same as forfeited, together with the calks or vessels : And if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit tool.

If any officer of excise shall have canfe to suspect any private (lill, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wash, or other materials prepared for distillation, to be set up or kept in any place, and shall make affidavit before a justice of the peace, and therein declare the grounds of his suspicion, he may, in the day-time, and in presence of a constable, by warrant from such justice to be directed to such officer of excise, break open the door, or any part of such suspected house or place, and enter and seize the same, and detain them there; and if they shall not, in twenty days, be claimed by the owner, they shall be forfeited, and sold at the next general day of sale; and if they be claimed in twenty days, the person claiming shall forfeit, for every warehouse or other place, in which any such Hill, bnck, or other vessel shall be /bund, and also for every such dill, back, and other vessel found therein, 200!.

He

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

io7

10& ii jr. c. xi. or if not claiming, xj G. 3. c, 7»

Private still or back, &c.

He shall, by a subsequent a£, incur this forfeiture, whether he shall make any such claim or not.

In case any officer or officers of excite shall know, or have cause to suspect, that any private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wafti, or other materials, preparing for distillation, are set up or kept in any house or place ; if such house or place shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise, upon oath made by such officer or officers before the commissioners of excise, or any twp or more of them j or, in case the same shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall suspect the same to be set up and kept, setting forth the ground of such his or their suspicion ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of excise, or justice or justices of the peace ref-pedively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, by day or night (but if in the night-time, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aidT ing and assisting therein), to break open the doors or any part of such house or place, where he or they shall so know or fuf-pe& such private or concealed dill, back, &c.are so set up and May be fa'zed kept, and to enter into such house or place, and to feiae all and every such (tills, or other vessels, and all such materials preparing for distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the place where the same shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful owner thereof, then the said materials for distillation shall be absolutely forfeited, and the proprietor of any such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, or the person in whose custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every place in which such private still, back, or other vessel, shall be found, and also for every such still, back, and vessel, found therein, the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any person or persons shall obstrutt, oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or others in their duty, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

And, from September 29, 1793, any person who shall be ^d;n* Vndaf°* found aiding and assisting in any private distillation, shall for- how

feit 30I. over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that punished. the proprietor, or other person in whose custody or possession the same shall be found, is now subject and liable unto ; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons acting in their aid and assistance, to stop,

P z arrell.

Claimed in tea days, or forfeited.

Penalty on proprietor.

Officer ob-ftruded.

108 Excise. (Spirituous Liquors*)

arrest, and detain all persons so discovered, and to convey them before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the County, riding, dirifion, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the party, or by proof oil the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid : and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner as herein-after is directed ; and on such offender or offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the justice or justices (o convicting as aforesaid, shall and may, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit (he offender or offenders to the house ofcorrcdion for the said county. there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months: and the person or persons so convicted, again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the term of one year, or until the said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid, i© & 1.1 w* But on breaking open any such door or house, no such

Damage mad- P™vate Kill, or other vessel for distillation, shall be (bund, the good, if no still officer shall make good the house or place so broken up, or be found. make satisfaction to the owner to be adjudged by the two next

justices (i i£.) ; or the party injured may bring his action for Penalty on ob- the damages; and if any person shall obllrud such officer, he ftruiVing officer, shall forfeit 200I.

19 G.3. c. 50. Every person keeping any wafti for distillation, and having

in his possession any dill, the cubic contents of which, when the head is on, will amount to two gallons, proof thereof being made, by the oath of one witness, before one commis-Who deemed t fioner of excise or justice, shall be deemed a common distiller tiller?011 d* for ^e> an<* 10 Purvey and duties,

to^xi W* No distiller shall have any private pipe or stop cock, or other e 4., conveyance, by which any wash or other liquors lit for distil-

Ffraudulent con* lation may be conveyed from one back or vessel to another, on

iiC>uorCe°* pain of tool.

W. The exc^e officer, in the day time, and in presence of a e. 4. constable, on request made and cause declared, may break up

Crrund broken the ground, house, wall. c. through cr into which any such up for leaith. pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and may break or cut any such

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

such pipe or other conveyance, and may turn any cock to try whether such pipe may convey any waih or other liquor. — And if no such pipe or private conveyance be found, the officer shall make good the ground, wall, house, or other place, or make reasonable satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices (i or the party injured may bring his action for damages; the same to be paid by the of out of the revenue of excise. And if any person ob-flrudfuch officer, he shall forfeit tool.

The officer at all times, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable, oath being first made before a justice dwelling near, of a probable cause of suspecting a concealment) may *enterall such warehouses, (hops, or other places, and by taking, gaging, or otherwise, take an account of the quantity or quality ; and if any such retailer shall hinder the officer, he shall forfeit 50I.

No foreign spirits, although under one gallon, shall be received into the custody of any retailer, without a permit, fig-nifyingthat the duties were paid, or that they had been condemned, on pain of forfeiting the same, and the vessel.

No person shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors or Itroog waters, mixed or unmixed, without a licence taken out ten days before, for which he shall pay 40s. yearly. And such person shall also be licensed to fell ale. by two or snore justices of the peace.

And the justices of the peace, and other officers, shall have the same jurisdiction over such retailers of spirituous liquors, " as they have over ale-house-keepers. [See ale-houses ]

Persons retailing, or felling less than two gallons, without , licence, shall forfeit 10I. and on non-payment when demanded, one justice, on path of such neglect, shall commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months, or till paid.

And the said penalty shall in no case be mitigated below the sum of yl.

The justices may, if they think proper, instead of levying the penalty, commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months. All the distilled spirituous liqoors that shall be then, or at any time within six months after conviction, found in his custody, shall, by war- rant of the said of, or of one justice, be seized, and staved, or otherwise dellroyed : And any peace or farifli officer, authorized by such warrant, may, at any time, in six months after conviction, enter such places, and break open doors, if not opened on demand. And if any person shall of fend again in like manner, the of or justices before whom he shall be convicted of such subsequent offences, may

No mention is here made of a warrant, but only of his bavin* made oath.

It should seem that a warrant would be necessary tojuftify the officer'*entrance.

inflid

109

Private conveyance found.

9 <7. a. c. 23.' Account of quantity and quality ukeiu

8 G. e, 18. Permit required, on pain of forfeiture.

16 G, i> r> 8.

Licence necessary.

% G. a. c. 2?. Granted as ro fellers of ale,

Sec.

16 G. tc. 8.

Penalty, if not licensed.

26 G. 2.13.

Without mitigation.

9 G. 3. e. 6. CommmnrnC in lieu of pe* naJty.

Liquors fnred.'* Vat ilk officer may enter.

Second offence.

11 o Excifa. (Spirituous Liquors.)

inflict the penalties by any former law to be inflicted for such offence, and also commit the offender to the house of correc- J tion, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding three months. . Fornr* of con- And the conviction shall be in this form, or to the like ef- |

ViCtton. fcft, viz.

24 G. 3 e. 4c.

$car<h, by whom.

9 G. z. c. ^ c i i t r. g <n baiket, &c.

Jvtiddlefx, A. B. is convicted his ou n (on the

oath of A. W.) of having fold firong w in the of ----- ----- ----- - —

in this county, on the- day of - , without being duly

Icenfdthereto : This is the first orJecond conviction. Given urn-der my hand andfeal % &c.

And the of, or one justice, on oath of any of* fence against this act, may grant a warrant to any of the peace officers, or other parish officer, to enter and search the houses

and other places, where the offence shall be sworn to have been committed, or in the occupation of the persons sworn to be guilty thereof, and they may break open the doors, if not opened on demand, and seize all such diililled spiritoous liquors as they shall there find, and detain the same, till the offence shall be heard and determined ; and if the offender be convicted, the liquors shall be forthwith (laved ; and if he be notconvifted, the same shall be restored.

No person shall hawk, sell or expose to sale any spirituous liquors, about the (Ireets, highways, or Helds, in any wheelbarrow or basket, or on the water in any boat, or in any other manner; or shall sell or expose the same to sale, on any bulk.

Hall, or (bed, or any place other than in taverns, victualling- I t; G. ».e. 17. houses, inns, coffee houses, or ale.houses, on pain of iol. — ~ I

And one justice, on his own view, or confession, or proof of ' Mow convicted. one witness, may convict him ; whereupon he shall immediately pay the 10I. to a churchwarden or overseer: And, on refusal or neglect, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months, to be reckoned from the day of commitment; and he shall not be r discharged till he pay the sum, or till the two months be ex- I lVn.'irr, how pired. If there is no informer, it shall be wholly to the ofe of the poor; otherwise half to the informer, and half to the poor.

11 G. 2. e.26. And any one justice, on information on oath against such

Wan art* i Hurd. Person» niay (without any previous summons) issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing him before such justice where the offence was committed. And any person may seize / and detain him, until he may give notice 10 the constable, Offender seized. ciiurchwarden, overseer, or other peace or parish officer, who shall carry the person so seized and detained, before a justice I of the peace, who shall proceed thereon as in the case where I he is brought by the conilable. )

zet G.2. r. 4c. No licence shall be granted for retailing of any spirituous N 'v irmimn liquors within any gaol, prison, or house of correction, work- v hsu -rr »n gao s, house, or house of entertainment for parish-poor. And any justice, on information on oath that spirituous liquors or

llrong ^

1

Ill

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

J

ltrong waters are kept and disposedof in any such place, may enter and search, or empower by warrant any constable to search for and seize all such liquors as shall be found (except such as are directed to be used medicinally), and to slave and destroy the same. And if any person shall bring, or endeavour to bring any such liquors (except in the way of medicine, as before* mentioned) into any such gaol or other place, the gaoler or* his servants may apprehend and carry such offender before any justice of the peace, who shall hear and determine such offence in a summary way ; and if by the oath of one witness, or otherwise, such person shall be convicted, he shall be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless he shall immediately pay down such fine not exceeding 20I. and not Iefs than 10I. as the justice shall impose, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor of such prison or workhouse. And the gaoler, keeper, master, or other officer, shall procure a copy of this regulation, to be printed or fairly written, and hung up in one of the most public places of his gaol, house of correction, or workhouse aforesaid, and renew the same from time to time, so that it be always kept fair and legible, on pain of 40s. by warrant of One justice, on oath of one witness. And any justice may enter and demand a fight of it; and if it shall not be shewn to him hung up in some public place fair and legible, he shall immediately convict such person, and so from time to time, as often as he shall think fit; half to be to the informer, and half (or the whole, if there be no informer) to the poor of such gaol or other place. No person shall recover any debt on account of spirituous liquors, unless it shall fidtbwe been contracted at one time to the amount of 20s. or upwards: And if any retailer, with or without a licence, shall take any pawn by way of security for payment of any money for such liquors, he shall forfeit 40s. by warrant of one justice, half to the poor, and half to the informer; and the owner shall have such remedy for recovering such pawn, as if it had never been pledged.

If any persons, to the number of five or more, shall, in a riotous manner, assemble to rescue any offenders against any alt relating to spirituous liquors, or to assault any person who shall have given or is about to give any information against, or shall seize or bring to justice any offender, he, his aiders and abettors, shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

Sellers without a permit, or pedlars with one, punishable as in the case of tea, Sec.

For spirits drawn from British corn, there was to be allowed a drawback by the excise officers at the port of shipping, of 4I. ids. a ton, in full of all drawbacks.

There was to be an additional drawback ef 24I. 10s. a ton on all British-made spirits exported; oath being made before

two

Perfoss bringing them, how punished.

Prohibition hung up in the gaol, &c.

Penalty for no*

glca.

Debt for spirituous liquors not recoverable.

24 G. 2. e. 40.

A trembly to rescue.

9 G. a* f. 3 3.

6 G. a. c. 17. Drawback on British fpiiici.

33 G. a. e. 9

112

Exported for tncichandite.

No drawback fur stores ship-pcd in (mail »clTrl$. a G. 3. e. 5.

Drawback, by whom paid.

33 (7. a. 9. Quantity and , fixe of redds limited.

6 G. 3. t. 46.

<8 O. 3. r. 25.

Bond delivered,

t>n certificate produced.

G. 3. c. 22. Drawback on* rum. at (lures. 24 G. a. c. 40.

Certificate of 'convictions.

'To be admitted as evidence*

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

two of of excise, or justices of the peace, that the duties were paid, and that the same were to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas. And on oath being made before one commissioner or justice of the peace, of other person authorized by the of, that the duties are paid, and that the same are to be shipped as (lores to be spent in the voyage; and on certificate from the officer of excise where such spirits were shipped, of the quantity so shipped, and that the same were proof spirits, and shipped in the pre-fence of such officer, the duty shall be allowed or paid back. Provided, that no drawback shall be allowed for spirits shipped as ft ores, in any vest'el of Iefs than 100 tons burden.

On oath made before two of of excise, or justices of the peace for the place from which spirits are intended to be exported, that the same were drawn and made in Great Britain from corn under the regulations of this act, and that the same are to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; the distiller shall be paid by the commissioners of excise, or their collector for the port or place where such spirits shall be shipped, the bounty of 3I. 12s. a ton, and so in proportion for a greater or Iefs quantity.

Provided, that no drawback shall be allowed, for any Bri-tiih-made spirits, exported as merchandize, in any caftc containing Iefs than 100 gallons, or in any vessel of Iefs burtheo than 100 tons.

— Except to Afrka and Newfoundland; unto which places they may be exported as merchandize, in any vessel not being of Iefs burthen than 70 tons.

On oath made before two of or justices, that the rum is to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; and on producing a certificate from the excise-officer of the quantity shipped, and that a certificate was produted from the proper officer of delivery from the warehouse, on bond being given for the due exportation thereof, and also upoa delivery of such last-mentioned certificate, the person having custody of the bond for payment of the duties, shall deliver it up; or if only a part of the rum contained in the bond shall be certified to be shipped off*, then such quantity shall be in-dorfed upon the bond.

A like drawback shall be allowed for two years, for rum exported as storrs to be spent in the voyage.

The justices within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall once every month transmit to the clerk of the peace, a certificate of all person s convicted before them for any offences against this or any former act relating to spirit-uous liquors, or for licensing the retailers thereof; who shall keep and enter the same among the records of theconrt: which certificate shall be evidence upon any information relating to spirituous liquors*

Starch

Starch and Hair Powder,

113

IF any officer of the duties upon (larch or of the customs, a3 G. a. .ai, shall have any cause to suspell that (larch is privately making in any place, or concealed; that upon oath made before any u pc e ' commissioner or justice redding near, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may issue his warrant , to authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in preience of a constable), to enter such suspected place, and seize and carry away the same, with the materials, as forfeited, together with the boxes and other things containing it: And unless the party make it appear that the duty has been paid, he shall forfeit 50I.; and if any person obstruct the officer, he shall forfeit iool.

The officers of excise or customs may seize any (larch or hair 4 G. 5. c.74. powder, with the horses and package, where they have good Horses and reason to suspect that it hath been privately made, or imported P*ckaie without payment of duty, or re-landed after drawback: and shall in ten days exhibit an information before three of of excise, or two justices near where the seizure is made; and if the party doth not make it appear that the duty hath been paid, it shall be forfeited, together with the horses and package; and the offender shall likewise forfeit 5I. for every hundred weight.

And where any such (larch shall be seized as forfeited, and 1? G' 1‘ no person shall claim the same in twenty days, the justices shall proceed to trial and condemnation thereof: And the judg- y y *

ment thereon shall not be liable to appeal, nor be removed by certiorari.

If the party is not satisfied with any j udgment of the j ustices, on the att of 23 G, 2. c.21, above-mentioned, he may appeal powef of ap-to the next quarter-sessions (except in the case before-men- peal, tioned, where no person shall claim the goods seized), and the mitigation on the said act of 23 G. 2. shall not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, over and above the charges.

IF any person in Great Britain or Ireland shall pack or put 21 G. 3. c. 30.

on board any vessel, for exportation to foreign parts, any Tools to be exmachine, tool, or utensil, used in the woollen, cotton, linen, E,[e;dgeJnd may or ftlk manufacturers, or any model of such machines, &c. any c m justice may grant a warrant for seizing such machines, &c. and bringing such person before him ; and if a fat is factory account be not given to the justice, he may detain such machines, and bind the party to appear at the next assizes, dr quarter-sessions of the peace, with reasonable sureties 5 and, on neglect of giving security, the party may be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept until the next af-

Exportation*

Q.

iizes,

ii4

Further penalty.

Offender bound to feilioDi*

I Haw, 170.

Extortion,

what.

bjit.c, 41.

J unices' duel.

Dalt. c. 41. Officer a demands, how regulated*

Fe)ony» various*

3 7 >0.

Felon to pay Charges of conveyance.

Exportation.

fizcs, or next quarter-sessions; and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be convicted, the person or persons so oft fending shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit all such machines, &c. but also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ; and shall also suffer imprisonment in the common gaol, prison, or house of correction, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

And if oath shall be made before a judice of any such prohibited machines, &c. being intended to be exported, they may be seized and detained, and the person in whose possessiort they are found may be bound to nppear at the next assizes, or quarter-sessions of the peace.

Extortion.

EXTORTION, in a large fenfc, (ignifies any oppression under colour of right; but in a drift sense, it signifies the taking of money by any officer, by colour of his office, either where none at all is due, or not so mncJt is doe, or where it is not yet due.

The justices of the peace are bound by their oatk of office, to take nothing for their office of judice of the peace to be done, bnt of the king, and fees accudomed, and costs limit* ed by datute.

And generally, no public officer shall take any other fees or rewards, for doing any thing relating to his office, than some datute in force gives him, or than hath been anciently and aecudomably taken ; and if he do otherwise, he is guilty of extortion. The fees in sessions, for t raver ling, trying, or discharging indictments, discharging recognizances, and the like, do vary according to the different customs in different places.

Felony.

lot

IT would be very tedious to set down every thing which may be comprehended under this word Felony; therefore it is necessary to refer the consideration of the several particular kinds of felonies to their respective titles; as , -

bery, Burglary, Rape, Coin, Forgery, and especially Larceny, —

The course and whole procedure of trying an offender, is treated of under the title SeJ/iom,

The felon shall pay the charges of his carrying to gaol, if able; to be levied by didrefs, by warrant of one jaftice.

Felony. 115

If he is not able, the same shall be paid, by order of such *7 % , c. 3.

justice, by the treasure out of the county rate 5 and in Middle- Middle-

sex, by the overseers of the poor, where the party was appre- *' bended.

The court, before whom anyperfim hath been tried and *5 G- 36*

cowviSedoi any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, may, at the prayer of the prosecutor, and, on consideration of his Prosecutor re-circumstances, order the treasurer of the county in which the compeared, offence shall have been committed, to pay him such sum tfs they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the expences he was put to in carryingon the prpfecution, with a reasonable allowance for his time and trouble.

The justices in sessions may lay down or alter, from time to 18 3. e. 19.

time, such rules and regulations concerning any colls or charges thereafter to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act; Costs regulated, which rules and regulations have received the approbation and iignature of one or more of the judges of atiize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

When any person shall appear on recognizance to give t*vi- *7 a. e. 3. deuce, whether any bill of indictment be preferred or not, the E*iden«e» b7 court may order the treasurer to pay him such sum as they whom Paid# ft all think reasonable.

Every person, charged with any felony or other crime, 14 3. r. to.

against whom no bill of indictment shall be found, or who shall, on trial, be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by proclamation for want of prosecution, shall be immediately set Person acquit-at large in open court, without paying any fee to the sheriff or *ed» *<; fct sc gaoler 5 and such fee3 as had been uiually paid, not exceed- w,thout ing 13s. 4d. for each person, shall, on the certificate of a fee* judge or justice, before whom such prisoner shall have been discharged, be paid out of the general county rate*

Prevention of Felonies,

WHEREAS divers ill-disposed and suspected persons, and 3a . 3. e. 53. reputed thieves, frequent the avenues to places of public resort, Suspefled per-and the streets and highways, with intent to commit-felony on 0D* the persons and property of his Majesty's subjects there being, and although their evil purposes are sufficiently manifest, the power of his Majesty's justices of the peace to demand of them iureties for their good behaviour, hath not been of sufficient effect to prevent them from carrying their evil purposes into execution: From and after the jith of June, 179a, it shall and may be lawful for any constable, headborough, patrole, or j"*7 h* »PPT*-watchman, to apprehend every such person, and convey him or bended* them before any justice of the peace : and if it shall appear before the said justice, upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefsor witnesses, that such person or persons is or are a person or persons of evil same, and a reputed thief or thieves, and such

perlou

Prevention of Felonies

116

Few to be dealt

with.

Power of appeal.

Limitation of confinement.

Rights of the city of London preferred.

31 G. 3. e. 53. and of the borough of South* wark.

Continuance of the act.

person or persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear, to the satisfaction of the said justice, that there is just ground to believe that such person or persons was or were in such avenue, street, or highway aforesaid, with such intent as aforesaid, every such person shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the statute of 17 G, 2. c, 5. in titled, an act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues and vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction. If any person shall think himself aggrieved by the judgment of such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter-sessions, such person, at the time of his conviction, entering into a recognizance, with two sufficientfureties, to try such appeal, and to abide the further judgment of the justices at such sessions assembled : If the conviction be affirmed, the justices may proceed as might have been done if the party had been committed : no person convicted under this act shall thereby become liable to any other punishment than imprisonment to hard labour for a term not exceeding six months, taking into the computation any actual imprisonment such person shall have fuft'ered by his commitment until such fession.

Nothing in this act shall deprive the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, of any rights, privileges, or jurisdictions claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within the town and borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof, or to prevent the mayor of the city of London for the time being, and such of the aldermen of the said city who have borne the office of mayoralty, and the recorder of the said city for the time being, from acting as justices of the peace within the said town and borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this act had not been made.

This act shall continue in force till the first of June, which shall be the year of our Lord 1795, an^ ^rom lhence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

Misprision of Felony

Ho* Tr^bed ^ the coning of a felony which a man knows, but never

3 °Ed. 1. ^9. consented to The punishment of which, in a common person, is fine and imprisonment; in an officer, as ffieriff. . imprisonment for a year, and j-anfora at the king's pleasure.

4 lr.fi, 140. ^ If any person will save himself from the crime of misprision. How toaToid it. jjC muli discover the offence to a magistrate with all the speed

that he can.

Theftbote

Theftbote

117

IS, where one not only knows of a felony, but takes his goods again, or other amends not to prosecute.

How describsd. 2 //. 1*5.

Fireworks.

IF any person shall make or fell any fireworks, or implements for making the same, he shall, on conviction before one justice, or chief magistrate, by confelTion, or by oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the poor, and half to the prosecutor; to be levied by distress, by warrant of such justice or chief magistrate. And if any person shall permit the same to be call or fired, from his house or other place thereto belonging, into any public street or road, or any other place, he shall forfeit zos. in like manner. And if any person shall call or fire the same into any public dreet, house. . he shall forfeit 20s. in like manner, or be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, unless he shall sooner pay the forfeiture. But nothing herein shall extend to the office of the ordnance, or to the artillery company.

9 & 10 IV. c. 7. Penalty for felling.

For suffering them to be fined.

Forcaftingthem into any street, Jcc.

Fish and Fishing. See Game,

Forcible Entry and detainer.

NONE shall make any entry into any lands or tenements, or other possessions, but where entry is given by the law ; and in such case, not with strong hand, nor with multitude of people, but only in a peaceable and easy manner; on pain of imprisonment and ransom at the king's will.

The party grieved, if he will lose the benefit of his treble damages and costs, may be aided and have the aflidance of the justices at the general sessions, by way of indictment on the datute of 8 H. 6.

In the caption of which indictment, it will be sufficient to say, justices ajjtgmd to keep the peace of our lord the , with-

out mewing that they have authority to hear and determine felonies and trespasses; for the datute enables all justices of the peace, as such, to take such indictment; and the tenement in which the force was made, mud be described with convenient certainty ; and mud set forth that the defendant actually entered, and ouded the party grieved ; and contindeth his podeflion at the time offinding the indictment.

But if a man's wife, children, or servant9 do continue in the house or upon the land, he is not ouded of his poflession.

For

8 H. 6. r. 9*

Peaceable ett-try.

Parry grieved may iniid.

I llazu. T49* Justices described.

Dale. e. TJ*. When not ouded.

jiS

t H. 6. c. 9. Complaint, to whom.

M01ejurti.es than one.

/>j It. r. 44. fr'ower ox the country.

It.a. t a*

To arrest offenders.

R. a. c. a. Record to be nude.

Dtplicati made.

15 R. 1. r. x. Offenders commuted.

S If. 6. c. 9.

Justice's pra-cepc.

Sheriff*s re-UW.

$ //. 6. r. 9.

Party rertoied.

CT f. II.

Pert it ut inn, when forbidden.

Forcible Entry and detainer.

For a more speedy remedy, the party grieved may complain I to any one justice, or to a mayor, sheriff, or bailiff, within '< their liberties, 1

But although one justice alone may proceed in such cases, j yet it may be adviseable for him, if the time for viewing the force will futier it, to take to his affifiance one or two more justices.

After complaint made to such justice, by the party grieved, I of a forcible entry made into lands, tenements, or other pof- j sections, or forcible holding thereof, he shall, within a coa- : venient time, at the costs of the party grieved (without any examining or (landing upon the right or title of either party) n take* sufficient power of the county, and go to the place where such force is made.

And if after such entry made, the justice shall find such :: forcey he shall cause the offenders to be arrested.

And such justices ought to make a record of such force by them viewed; which record shall be a sufficient conviction, of the offenders, and the parties shall not be allowed to traverse it: And this record, being made out of the sections, by a particular justice, maybe kept by him; or he may make it indented, and certify the one part into the king's bench, or leave it with the clerk of the peace, and the other part he 0ay j keep himself.

And the offenders, being arrested (as before is said), shall be put in the next gaol, there to abide convict by the record of f. the same justice, until they have made fine and ransom to the f king.

The justice shall make his precept to the sheriff, commanding him, in the king's behalf, to cause to come before him, sufficient and indifferent persons, dwelling next about the lands so entered, to enquire of such entries; whereof every man shall have lands or tenements of 40s. a year, above re- prizes. And the sheriff shall return issues on every of them, I at the day of the first precept returnable, 20s. and at the fe- , cond day, 40s. and at the third, 100s. and at every day after, double. And the sheriff making default, shall, on conviction before the same justice, or before the judge of assize, ' forfeit 20I. half to the king, and half to him who shall foe, with costs; and moreover shall make fine and ransom to the king. v

And if such forcible entry or detainer be found before such justice, then the said justice shall cause to releize the lands and tenements so entered or holden, and shall restore the party put out, to the full .pofj*eftion of the same.

Norellitution upon an indictment of forcible entry, or holding with force, shall be made, if the person indicted have had

r

All people of the country, as well the ftcriffs ai others, shall be attendant j

on the jutiices, to arrest the offender; on pain of imprisonipent and fine to the king. j

the

Forcible Entry and detainer. u p

the occupation, or been in quiet possession for three years together next before the indictment found, and his estate there, in not determined; and if it is found against the party indicted, he shall pay such coils and damages as the judges or justices, shall assess; to be recovered as cods and damages in judgment on other actions.

Such judges, justices, or j ullices of the peace, as may give 21 j. c. 15. restitution unto tenants of any estate of freehold, may give the To whom like unto tenants for term of years. Sec. of lands or tenements *',1ren* by them (o holden, which shall be entered upon by force, or bolden from them by force.

Although regnlarly the justices only who were present at the c. 44, enquiry, and when the indictment was found, ought to award Br wh°n re/litudon, yet if the record be certified by the judice or justices into the king's bench, the justices of that court may award 1 a writ of reditation to the sheriff, to redore poflession to the party expelled. If a forcible entry or detainer shall be made by three persons or more, it is also a riot, and may be proceed- Forcible entry, ed against as such, if no enquiry hath before been made of the wheat riot, force*

Foreign Service.

ON complaint on oath before a judice, that any person is 3; G.e. 27.

endeavouring to seduce or draw away any manufacturer Seducing manu-or artificer, or that he hath contracted or is preparing to go DUt of the kingdom, he may issue his warrant to bring such person before him or some other judice; and if it shall appear mO such judice by confdfion, or the oath of one witness, that such person was guilty of any the said offences, he may bind riim over to the next assize or sessions, to answer the premises; md if he shall, upon indictment, be there convicted of any 'uch promise or contract, or preparation to go beyond the seas, he shall give such security, not to depart out of the eala, as such court shall think reasonable, and be imprisoned an til such security be given.

If any person shall contract with, or endeavour to persuade *3 G- *

)r seduce any artificer in the mannfaCtures of Great-Britain, to I0into any foreign country, not belonging to the crown of 3reat-Britain, and shall be thereof convicted, in twelve aonths, in the king's bench, or at the assizes, ire shall, for How punished, yrery such person, forfeit 500I. and be imprisoned in the com* non gaol for twelve months, and till payment of the forfeit* are; and, for asecond or other fnbsequent offence, shall for-eit 1000I. and be imprisoned two years, and till payment.

If any person shall have in his pofiession tools or implements ,4 g, j. c. 71, iroper for the cotton or linen*woolten9 or Jilk manufactures, and Tools for tna-

nth shall be made before one jaftice that there is reason to be- nufadure*.

lieve

120 Foreign Service.

Intended for dm porution.

Seized, with the offender*

Balled or committed.

What forfeit*

29 G. a. r/17.

Fnlifting in foreign ferrice, felony.

lieve such person hath in his possession such tools or impte- ments, or part thereof, with intent to export the lame to some other part or place than Great-Britain or Ireland, such jof-tice shall issue his warrant to seize all such tools or imple- j ments, and parts thereof, and also to bring the person com- I plained of before him or some other justice : And if he shall not give a satisfactory account to such justice, of the use or purpose to which such tools or utensils are intended to be appropriated, the said justice shall cause the same to be detained, and bind the person so charged, with reasonable sureties, to appear at the next assizes or sections ; and if he shall not give such security, the justice shall commit him to gaol till the next assizes or sessions, and until he shall be delivered by due courfeoflaw. And if he shall be there convicted, he shall forfeit zool. All which forfeitures, by this act in Aided on offenders, shall be applied half to the king, and half to him who shall sue.

If any subject shall enlist or enter himself, or if any perfoa shall procure any subject to enlist or enter himself to serve any' foreign prince, without his majesty's leave, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. But if any person en-lifted, or enticed to go beyond the seas in order to be enlisted, as a non-commission officer or private soldier, in any foreign service, shall, in fourteen days, voluntarily discover upon oath, before any justice or other civil magistrate, the person by whom he was enlisted or enticed, so as he be convicted, he shall be indemnified. {

Forgery.

FORGERY is an offence at common law, and an offence

also by statute.

Conduct of juf- Mr. Barlow fays, that a justice of the peace may take an I

tice. information thereof, bind over the informers, examine the of-'

fender, certify his examination to the proper judges, and codb*,|

18 <? jg mit him to prison in order to abide his trial.

If any person shall falsly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit,<

or willingly ad or assist in the false making, altering, forging,

Felony, to forge or counterfeiting any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or or alter note or, , b , £ r 7 . 1 - r

bill, forged. the number or principal sum of any accountable receipt foi,

J any note, bill, or other security for any payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery ot goods, with intent to defraud any person or corporation,* or shall utter or publifti the same as true, with intent to defraud any person or corporation, knowing the same to be falseA he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of cleTgy.

Frame-'

1

Frame-Work Knitters,

121

ALL frame-work knitted pieces and flocking*, made of 6 3. e. 29*

thread, cotton, worded, or yarn, or of any mixture F*«n*-work, therewith, shall be marked with the same number of ilet holes, how mar e and no more, as there are threads contained in each piece or pair. And if any frame-work-knitter, holier, or other person, shall sell or expose to sale, any of the said goods, not so marked as aforesaid, he shall forfeit the same, and also $1. for Selling goods each piece or pair. And one judice where the offence shall be unmarked, committed (not being a frame-work-knitter, holier, or proprietor of frames) may convict the offender, on the oath of One justice % one witness: And if,the penalties or forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, the said judice shall issue his warrant to levy the same by didrefs; and if no goods, or not sufficient, can Warrant of 4iC* be found, such judice shall, on oath made to him by the per- trcCi. son who shall have the execution of the warrant, commit the offender to the common gaol of the place where the offence was committed, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalties and forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied. All which penalties and forfeitures shall be applied, half to the informer, and half to the poor. Persons aggrieved Half to tbs may appeal to the sessions : And the justices there, on due.

proof of notice given, and recognizance entered into, shall 1*0 hear and determine the same. Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to abridge or take away any rights or privileges, of the mader, wardens, and assistants, of the company Whossempt. of frame-work-knitters.

If any frame-work-knitter, who shall rent or hire any dock- 28 3. c. jg.

ing frame, with or without any machine or engine thereto annexed, shall at any time refuse to re-deliver such frame, with the machine or engine therewith let to the person of whom he Detaining s or they shall rent the same, having received fourteen days pre- ff#m« 1'°* vious notice for such purpose, the person so offending, being lawfully convicted by the oath or affirmation of the owner or employer of such frame, or of any other credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more judice or justices of the peace, where such offence shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall re(ide or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the said judice or justices is and are hereby impowered and reaaired to administer), the person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 20s. to and for the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed 3 and if not immediately paid, and the frames returned in six days after conviction, shall be imprisoned in the common gaol or public prison, for not more than three months, nor less than one.

Any person so renting or taking to hire any docking frame, and felling the same without the consent of the owner thereof, being lawfully convicted upon any indictment to be found against him, shall suffer folitaryimprisonment in the common gaol or house of correction where such offence shall have been

R committed.

hired.

G. 1.1. 55. Selling it without leave of tbs owner.

122

Cutting or de-ftfoying work*

Felony.

10 Ain. 6.

Aflixe of billets.

Justice's doty, to requirt an oath.

8 G. r. 19; Penalty, bow recovered*

Limitation of time.

Frame-Work Knitters.

committed, without bail or mainprize, for a (pace not leis than three calendar months, nor exceeding twelve calendar months; and persons purchasing them, are liable to the same punishment, if lawfully convicted on any indictment to be found against them.

If any person or persons shall, by day or by night, enter by force into any house, (bop, or place, with an intent to cut or destroy any frame-work-knitted pieces, dockings, or other articles or goods being in the frame, or upon any machine or engine thereto annexed ; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy the same; or shall wilfully and maliciously break, destroy, or damage any frame, machine, or utensil, used in making any frame-work-knitted pieces, (lockings, or other goods in the hosiery manufactory, not having the consent of the owner so to do, or shall break or destroy any machinery in any mill or mills used in preparing or {pinning of wool or cotton for the use of the docking frames, every offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, for any space or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years*

Fuel.

ALL billets shall contain in length three feet and four inches, and be aflized and marked; otherwise, on information to a judice of the peace, mayor, or other head officer, he shall call before him (ix good and lawful men of the town, and shall {wear them truly to enquire and prefect, whether the same be of good and sufficient assize, and if they shall present that any of them is not sufficient, the same so being deficient, shall be forfeited, and be delivered to the overseers, to be by them distributed to the poor.

Game.

WHERE any person for an offence against any law in being at the making of this all, for the better preservation of the game, shall b£ liable to pay any pecuniary penalty or sum of money. On conviction before a judice of the peace, the prosecutor may either proceed to recover the same in such manner as that law directs, or he may sue for the same (before the end of the second term after the offence committed, 26 G. 2. c. 2.) by action of debt, or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any cooft of record at Westtfiinftef; wherein, if he recovers, he shall have double costs.

Whereas

Game.

Whereas a moiety of the said penalty, by several acts, is directed to be applied to the use of the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, by reason whereof, inhabitants of the said parish have been* disallowed to give evidence; it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for person to sue for the whole of such penalty to his own use; and if he recovers, he shall have double costs ; such action to be brought within six months after the offence committed.

Game Certificates.

FROM July i, 1791, the following additional duties are to be paid, vis. for every certificate issued to kill game to any person, not being a game-keeper, an addition of il. is. A.nd to any game-keeper, an addition of ios. 6d. These du* ties are*to be under the management of the Commissioners for Stamps.' All the provisions of 2y G. 3. r. 50. not repealed by 26 G. 3. c. 82, and all the provisions of that act shall extend to this.

The form of con vision in aft 25 3. r. 50, is by this act

repealed, and the following fubllituted : From and after the said first day of July, all convictions to be made out by any justice or juRices of the peace, upon any offence committed against the said act of the twenty fifth year aforesaid, or of this act, shall be made out in the form, or to the effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be; and every such conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without Rating the case,'or the facts, or evidence, in any more particular manner (that is to say):

of Con*vi3ion)

BE it remembered, that on — ----- --- — -

(Place of Con\<vh9ion)(Name of Offender) Addition of

Offender) at — — — - — A. — ----- ----- of ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - —

(The Name and Style of was duly convicted before me (or os) — — - . - .

the eonviBing Jufliee or JnJlicet) (Name of Offender)

— ----- ----- — — > for (hat the said — — — £,» 1

(Time of Offence) (Place of committing Offence)

on — , --. at — did (here

fate the offence against the act9 according to the faSt)t contrary to the form of the statute; and I (or nve) do declare and ad-(Name of Offender) judge that the said - — A. B. hath forfeited for

his said offence the sum of (o be distributed as

the law direCh.

K. B. Till* Inconvenience is obviated by an act passed In the session (7 G. 3.) whereby parishioners are qualified to be witnesset against offender*, though the penalties be ordered to be applied to the use of the poor.

R 2 Given

.123

22 G# 3. c. 19.

Inhabitants may be wicnef* fes.

31 G. 3. e. is*

Additional

duty.

New form of conviction.

124

Game Certificates,

Forgery of flul, 4rc*

Felony.

3? G. 3. e. it. Parties to whom payable.

pi&tjC.*

a5»

Game, keeper'! appointment.

5 Ann. f. 14.

May not fell game.

One in a manor*

3 e. 45*

Penalty on non* entry of his name.

Given under my hand and Teal (or our hands and seals) the day and year above-mentioned.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or focceffors, of any of the said duties 5 every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All the duties herein before granted, shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general, for the time being, of the duties on stampt vellum, &c. who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of railing the same being deducted) into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time, and in such manner, as other duties on stampt vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

Concerning Gamekeepers.

ALL lords of manors, or other royalties, not tmder the degree of an esquire, may, by writing under their hands and seals, authorize one or more game-keeper or game-keepers, within their respective manors or royalties ; and may impower him thereby, upon their o ymmanors, to kill hare, pheasant, partridge, or any other game.

But if the game-keeper shall, under colour thereof, kill or take the same for the use of the lord, and afterwards sell and dispose thereof without the lord's consent, and be convicted, on complaint of such lord, and on oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall be committed to the house of correction for three months, to be kept to hard labour.

But no lord of a manor shall make above one person to be game-keeper within any one manor, with power to kill game. And the name of such person shall be entered with the clerk of the peace where the manor lies; and a certificate thereof shall be granted by the clerk of the peace, on payment of one {billing.

And if any other game-keeper, whose name is not so entered, who shall not be otherwise qualified by the laws of this kingdom to kill game, shall kill, fell, or erpose to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, Sec. he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit, for every offence, 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

NO

Game.

No lord of a manor shall make any person to be a game* keeper with power to kill game, unless such person be qua-lified by the laws of the realm so to do ; or unless such person be truly and properly a servant to the said lord.

The game-keeper (so authorized) may search dogs and engines, and seize the same for the use of the lord, or destroy them.

But it hath been adjudged, that an authority from the lord of the manor is not of itself sufficient for this purpose, but that he ought to hare a warrant from a justice of the peace, after information and oath of the o/Fence first made.

Every person, not having lands and tenements, or iome other ellate of inheritance, in his own or his wife's right of the clear yearly value of iool. per annum*, or for term of life, or nor having lease or leases of 99 years, or for any longer term, of the clear yearly value of 1501. (other than the Ion and heir apparent of an esquire, or other person of higher degree, and the owners and keepers of forelts, parks, chafes, or warrens, being (locked with deer or conies for their necessary use, ia respect of the said forests, parks, chafes, or warrens) is hereby declared to be a person by the saws of this realm, not allowed to have or keep for himself or any other person, any guns, bows, greyhounds, setting dogs, ferrets, nets, gins, snares, or other engines for the taking and killing of game.

If any person, not qualified by the laws of this realm so to do, shall keep or use any greyhounds or setting dogs, or any engines, to kill and destroy game, and shall be thereoff convicted on the oath of one credible witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit cl. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods; for want of distress, he shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months. — And any justice, and lord within his manor, may take away such dogs, nets, or other engines, which shall be in the power or custody of any person not qualified.

The constable, authorized by a juRice's warrant, shall enter into and search the houses, outhouses, or other places belonging to such houses of suspeCled persons not qualified. And if any hare, partridge, or other game, shall be found, the offender shall be carried before a just ice; and if such person do not, in some convenient time, to be set by the justice, produce the party of whom he bought the same, or some other credible person, to depose upon oath such sale thereof, he shall be convicted by the said justice of such offences, and, upon such conviction, shall forfeit, for every hare, partridge, or other 'game, any sum not under 5s. and not exceeding 20s. half to

Upon this it hath been shrewdly remarked, that there ia fifty times the property required to enable a man to kill a partridge, as to voot for a knight of the shire. 4 Biackjl. 1?

See Appendix, No. 25, 26, 27,18.

the

125

jO.f. 11. Who may be appointed.

sa & 23 C. a.

r. *5.

Game keeper* power.

Cum. 183.

Not without warrant.

a* & 23 *,

r. 25.

Who qualified to kill gains.

5 Ann. 14-

Penalty, if not qualified.

4 fi? 5IT c.«3#

VJonftable may feaich.'

Offender, how dealt with.

126

Game

c Ann.€. t4<

jHiglers and carrier* fellinf t Wnjinj game.

5 Ann. e, 14* Game maj Lc aciaed.

G, 1. r. 12* Poulterer punishable*

*5 G. 3. c: 50*

Certificate to be taken out*

Transmitted to the iUtnf>-of-

fice.

; 5 G.3. c« 50.

Penalty.

the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for not more than one month, nor less than ten days, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

If any higler, chapman, carrier, innkeeper, victualler, or alehouse-keeper, shall have in his cullodyor possession, or shall buy, fell, or offer to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, unless such game in the hands of such carrier to be sent of by some person qualified 5 (or if any person whatsoever, whether qualified or not, shall fell, expose, or offer to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor, heath-game, or grouse, 28 G. 2* €, 12.) he shall be carried before a justice where the offence ij committed; and being convicted thereof (in three months after the offence) on view, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit, for every hare, pheasant, partridge, the sum of $1. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress: for want of distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction, for the first offence, three months, and for every other offence, four months.

And any justice of the peace, and lord within his manor, may take away any such hare, pheasant, partridge. from any such higler, chapman. Sec. or any other person not qualified, which shall be found in his custody qr possession.

If any hare, pheasant, partridge. c. shall be found in the shop, house, or possession of any poulterer, salesman, &e. or of any person not qualified in his own right to kill game, or intitled thereunto under some person so qualified, it shall be deemed an exposing thereof to sale.

The act 24 G. 3. Sejf. 2. c.43, being repealed, it was enacted, by 25 G. 3. c. 50, that from and after July 1, 1785, every person delivering into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for the county where he shall reside, an account of his name and place of abode, shall be annually entitled to a certificate thereon, paying two guineas for the same; and every deputation of a game-keeper shall be registered with the clerk of the peace, and a certificate shall annually be taken out, chargeable with a stamp of 10s. 6d. Every person, reading in cities and towns that are counties of themselves, and have no clerks of the peace, may apply to the office of the clerk of the peace of any county, riding, or place adjoining to such city or town, for the purpose of receiving such certificate.

Correct lifts of certificates are' annually to oe transmitted to the /lamp-office by the several clerks of the peace, under a penalty of 20I. which lifts may be inspected by any person on paying is. and no more; and those lifts shall once or more in a year be inserted by the Commissioners of stamp-duties in the newspapers of each county, or such other public newspaper as they shall think proper.

Any person, who, after July 1, 1785, shall shoot at or kill any game, without a certificate as is above-mentioned, shall forfeit 20I.

Any

le

Game.

127

Any person having obtained such certificate, and producing it, may require the certificate of any person using any dog, Whomey d«-gun, or net, for destroying game, to be produced ; and the per- mind |C*

Ion refusing to shew the same, or, not having produced it, refuting to give in his christian and surname, and the place of his residence, or giving in a false or fiditious name or place of retidence, shall forfeit 50I.

The times of killing game are limited as by former acts, *5 <7.3* 50.

notwithstanding such certificates; nor shall this act give to Cer.t-fc*t*s* 00 any person any right to take or destroy game, unless such per- *ua ,fic*uon son shall be duly qualified so to do, by the laws now in being; but he shall be liable to the same penalties in any of the said laws, as if this act had not been made.

Game*keepets are not allowed, by any certificate, to kill l4 V Ief* ' game out of the limits of the manor, for which the deputation cwue-keeper was given; and in case of any new appointment of a game- limited. P keeper. Sec.duly registered, the former certificate shall be null and void; and the person acting under the former one shall be liable to the penalties of this act.

Penalties for offences against this act may be faed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts by action of debt, bill. Penalties, whets plaint, or information. recovered.

Any justice of the county, where the penalty doth not ex- id.] ceed 20I. may summon the parties before him, and bear and determine the matter in a summary way, and, by the oath of Just»<e*»eoa-one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, and levy the penalties by distress, to be sold, if not redeemed within six days, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered to the owner; or, in default of distress, the offender may be committed for six months (in another part of the ad, three , or

till the penalties shall be paid. Perfiras summoned as witnef-ies, and not appearing at the time and place appointed, shall forfeit 10I. to be levied by distress, as above, if not paid*

N. 8* A claofe in this act tends to obviate any doubt which c. 3. t. 8s*

might arise from the mention t*f two different times of imprisonment of offenders not having sufficient goods to answer Former ad penalties in the ad 25 G. 3. e. 50.; and fixes the time of im- * prisonment to three months, and no longer.

Persons aggrieved by such justice, may appeal to the next % ^g. % .{<][. u general quarter-sessions, whose determination shall be final. e. 43.

[For the Form of Conviction, fee the end*]

The justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate the pe- 14 G. a. nalties, reasonable costs in prosecuting the same being always £43* allowed, over and above the mitigation, so as not to reduce the ®,tl*

penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges.

128

Game

Officer or foL

4ier killing gome.

Jr. y. i. 7*

Hunting io dif* guile.

7- r. »7*

Selling deer*

wounding or killing deer*

*4 G, 3 t. 30

Exchequer; and all pecuniary penalties for offences again 11 this att, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty* , courts at Westminster for England ; or the court of sessions, or court of Exchequer for Scotland ; and the plaintiff, if he or fee shall recover any penalty, shall recover it for his or her own use, with colls ofiuit.

By the yearly mutiny acts, if any officer or soldier shall, without leave of the lord of the manor under his hand and sea), destroy any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, pigeon, or other fowl, poultry, or fish, or his majesty's game, and be con- t vided thereof, on oath of one witness, before one justice, every officer fooffending shall forfeit 3I. to the poor: And the commanding officer upon the place, for every offence committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit 20s. in like manner. And if, upon conviction by the justices, and demand thereof made by the constable or overseers of the poor, he shall not in two days pay the said penalties, he shall forfeit . his commission*

Laws for preferring four-footed, Game in particular*

Deer-stealing by ancient statutes. j

WHEN information shall be made, of any unlawful hunt* ing, in any foreft or park, by night, or with painted faces, to any of the king's counsel, or to a justice of the peace, of any person to be suspected thereof, he may make a warrant to take and arrest the person, and to have him before the maker of the ( warrant, or any other of the said counsel, or justices of the peace, who may, by their discretion, examine him of the said hunting. And if any person shall be convicted of any such N huntings, with painted faces, vizors, or other wise difgu i fed, to the intent they should not be known, or of unlawful hunting in time of night, then the same person so convict, to have I like punition as he should have if he were convict of felony. Every person who shall fell, or buy to fell again, any deer, \ shall, on conviction at the assizes, or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit, for evejy deer, 40s. half to him ! that shall sue, and half to the poor. I

By the 16th G, 3. e.30, which repeals io whole or is part the former acts relating to this subject, if any person shall (hoot ' at, or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or shall carry away any red or fallow deer, in any forest or chase, whe- j ther inclosed or not, or in any inclosed park where deer are, I or have been usually kept 5 or shall be aiding therein, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of aol. and shall, for < , every deer (o wounded, killed, destroyed, taken, or carried ] away, forfeit the sum of 30I. '

It shall be lawful for one justice, on complaint to him made

oa |

Deer-stealing by ancient statute. 129

cm oath by any credible person, that there is reason to fufpcft 16 <7. 3. e. 30, any person of haring in his custody or possession any red or fallow deer which shall have been unlawfully killed, or the head. Search for deer. Ik in, or other part thereof, or any (lip, noose, toil, snare, or other engine, for the unlawful taking of deer, by his warrant, to cause such person, and his dwelling, house, &c. to be searched : And if any such shall be found, to cause the same, and such person so having possession, to be brought before any justice having jurisdiction : And if such person shall not produce before such justice the party of whom he received the same, or satisfy such justice that he came lawfully by such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or had a lawful occasion for such (lip, noose, toil, snare, or other engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful purpose, he shall forfeit not exceeding 30I. nor less than 10I. at the discretion of such justice.

' On complaint or information on oath of one witness before,

one justice, of any offence against this act, such justice (ex- ^‘ce °W <a cept in such cases only where the justice is especiaily directed previousty to summon the party before him) may, by his warrant, cause the party complained of to be apprehended and brought before him, at such time and place as shall be specified in such warrant: And thereupon such justice may proceed to hear and determine the matter of such complaint. And where it is provided by this act, that the party complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the party so summoned shall not appear; then on proof of the service of such summoos, either personally, or by leaving the same at his dwelling-house, lodgings, or other usual place of abode, it shall be lawful for the justice to apprehend him by warrant, and to proceed as if no previous summons had been directed by this act.

And it shall be lawful for any keeper or trader-keeper, and their servants or assistants, to seize and apprehend upon the Keeper may spot any person whom they shall discover in the actual fast of e,eo cn4€r' hunting, coursing, killing, wounding, shooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any red or fallow deer, from any forest, chafe, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed park, paddock, wood, or any other inclosed ground, or attempting so to do 5 or in setting or laying any net, wire, flip, noose, toil, snare, or other engine therein, for taking, killing, or destroying of deer; and to carry such offender before some neighbouring justice, to be dealt with according to law. The pecuniary penalties on this act Hiay be recovered before one justice, on the oath of one witness or confession ; half to the king, to be paid for his use into the hands of such person a* the justice shall direct, and half to Penalty, ho# the informer. And in case of non-payment thereof, with the #pp,e'* charge* incident to the conviction, immediately upon thoconviction, the same shall be levied by warrant of such justice by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender, except in such cases where it is otherwise provided by this act,

130

Game*

Sureties to be procured.

Form of con-

Ttdioa*

t j.e.

Tracing tl.tffi in (now.

shall be committed to the common gaol for one whole year, unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid. And if, upon conviction he doth not immediately pay the penalty, the justice may order him into custody during such time, not exceeding three days, as such justice shall think proper to allow for return of the want of distress. Provided, that if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, either by con-session of the party or otherwise, that he hath not goods or chattels sufficient whereon to levy the penalty, the justice may, without issuing any warrant of distress, commit the party con-vided, as if a warrant of distress had been issued, and a Nulls Bona returned thereon. Provided also, that if any person committed for any firil offence again!! this act shall, before his commitment to prison, procure security to be given by two sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of such julhee, for payment of the penalty with the charges incident, within six days, inclusiveof the day of conviction, the justice may accept of such security, and, on non-payment thereof at the time, may cause the party and his said sureties to be apprehended by warrant, and commit them to the common gaol, for such time as the party convicted was liable to have been imprisoned, if no such security had been given, unless the penalty or [probably and~\charges shall be sooner paid. If any offender, for his first offence, be committed for want of sufficient distress, and shall, whilst in gaol, obtain the consent in writing of the profecator, and also of the owner, or other person chiefly intrusted with the care of the deer in the foreff or other place, for his enlargement ; the justices in sessions may cause him to be brought before them, and, by their order, may direct the gaoler to set him at liberty. The conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper, in the following form of words, or any other form to the like effect:

Be it remembered, that on the — day of ~ — in the year —

A. O. *uoasy upon the complaint of A. X. before of the justices of the peace for ----- - pursuance of an pa fed in

the fexteenth year of the reign of his Majesty King Georgs the Third, for — — — (as the case shall be). Given under my hand and seal, the day and year abo<ve- % *>ritten»

And the same shall be certified to the next sessions, to be there filed among!! the records.

Destroying Game punishable by the BLACK ACT; which fee.

Destroying covert for deer. See Burning.

Of Hares.

EVERY person who shall trace or course any hares in the snow, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession,

or

Game

*3*

or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, onlefs he pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, zos. for every hare; or after one month after his commitment, become bound by recognizance with two sureties in 20I. each, before two justices, not to offend again in like manner.

If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or using any snares, hare-pipes, or other like engines, and shall thereof be convicted, by confefTion, or oath of one witness, before' one justice, in one month after the offence, he shall give the party injured such damages, and in such time, as the justice shall appoint; and shall pay down presently to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint; which, if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any hare in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress ; or for want of distress, shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy any hare in the night, that is to say, between the hours of seven at night'and fix in the morning from the 12th day of October to the 12th day of February, and between the hours of nine at night and four in the morning from the 12th day of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the day-time, upon a Sunday or Christmas day, he shall, on conviction on oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit, for the first offence, not exceeding 20I. nor less than 10I.; and, for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I. And the justice shall cause the conviction to be made out in the manner and form following;

Be it remembered, That on the — — day of — — in the year of

onr Lord - A. B. isconviJIed before me one of his -

jetty's justices of the peace for the county of (specifying

the offence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also specifying that it was the first or second offence against this act, as the case shall be). Given under my hand and seal the day and year afor. Which Conviction the said justice shall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions to be filed by the clerk of the peace; who shall, upon application to him made, deliver copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy.

Bpt in case any information shall be made upon oath as aforesaid before a justice against an offender, and it shall ap-i pear that such offender hath already been convicted of a first and second offence ; in such case, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction till the next gene-

6 2 ral

xx & 23 C» c. *5.

Hare-pipes, snares, Ac.

9 Ann* r. *5*

Hare killed by night.

13 G,3. e. Guns, dogs, nets. Scc. by night.

Form of eoa-viltion

on parchment.

Old offendm, how dealt with.


»32

Game. *

Limited time*

Penalties, dec* how paid.

Offender in cultodjr*

Map he pur*, sued into an ther country.

17.C.27.

ral quarter*feffiorts, unless he shall have entered into recog* nizance, with two sufficient Sureties to appear at such sessions, then and there to be tried by indictment for the said offtnee; and such justice shall also bind over the informer to prosecute the said offender by indictment as aforesaid.

Provided, that no proceedings shall be upon this act, unless information on oath be made before a justice, within one calendar month after the offence committed.

The said forfeitures, for the first and second offence, and also for the third offence, on conviction at the sessions, together with the costs and charges previous to and attending such conviction (to be ascertained by the justice or justices before whom the offender shall be convicted) shall be forthwith paid, half to the informer, and half to the poor. And if such person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give security for the payment thereof, fuchjultice or justices shall, by their warrant, cause the same to be levied by distress; And the said justice or justices may order such offender to be detained in Safe custody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the party shall give sufficient security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of such justice or justices, for his appearance before the said justice or justices on the day appointed, not exceeding seven days from the taking such security: And if, upon such return, no sufficient distress can be had, the said justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction for three calendar months, onlefs the forfeiture shall be sooner paid ; or on-til such offender give notice to the informer, that he intends to appeal to the next sessions, and enter into a recognizance before a justice, with two sufficient sureties, to try such appeal at such sessions.

If the offender dwells in another country, the justice or j-uf-' tices, before whom the information or indictment was made, may direct their warrant of apprehension and of distress to any constable where the offence was committed, to be by him carried to a justice residing near where the offender dwells, to be by him carried to a justice residing near where the offender dwells, to be Signed by him on the back of the said warrant, upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the justice who first granted the warrant. And the justice who indorsed the warrant shall direct the constable or other person making the distress, to deliver over the money levied to the justice who first granted the warrant; and if such constable or other person dial! neglect or refuse to pay such Sum, or deliver over all proceedings upon such distress or warrant of apprehension, the justice who first granted the warrant, or the justice who indorsed it, may commit him to the common gaol or house of correction for six months, or till the money shall be paid, and the proceedings delivered over.

Every unqualified person who shall shoot at, kill, or destroy

any

Game*

any hare, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor, 20s. for every hare; or after one month after his commitment, become bound by recognizance with two sureties before two justices in 20I. .each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next sessions.

WJ*Hr4tfformation shall be made of unlawful hunting in a warren by night, or with painted faces, to any of the king's counsel, or ti) a justice of the peace, of any person suspeCled, lie may shaky a warrant to bring such person before himself or any other of the said counsel or justices; and if such person lhatheerrceal the said hunting, or any of his accomplices, it shall be felony; but if he confesseth, it shall be but trespass finable at the sessions.

If any person shall at any time enter wrongfully into any warren or ground lawfully used or kept for the breeding or keeping of conies, whether it be inclosed or not, and there shall chafe, take, or kill any conies; and shall be thereof convicted in one month after the offence, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall yield to the party grieved treble damages and colls, and be imprisoned three months, and after till he find sureties for his good behaviour. No person shall kill or take in the night any conies upon the borders of warrens, on pain that the offender, on conviction in one month after the offence, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give to the party injured such damages, and in such time as shall be appointed by the justice, and over and above pay down presently to the overseers, for the use of the poor, such sum not exceeding 10s. as the justice IhaK appoint; which, if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for such time as he shall think (it, not exceeding one month. If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or using any snares or other like engines, for taking of conies, and shall be thereof in like manner convicted, he shall give to the party grieved such damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint, and pay down presently to the overseer for the use of the poor such sum not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint; which, if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Of Hawks and Hawking.

No manner of person, of what condition or degree he be, shall take, or caul'e to be taken, on his own ground, or any other man's, the eggs of any faulcon, golhawk, or laner, out of the neil; on pain (being comvicted thereof before a justice of

133

Killing hares, penalty.

H. 7. e. 7. Hunting in ft warren.

is Sf S3 C. a.

e. aS.

Killing rabbits*

Justice, hnvr H

«a.

IT H. 7. r. 17. Hawks tyjs, bow fecued.

134

Game

F.I. c. to Haw king in ftaod'iag corn.

Ii tt. 7. r. 17.

$w»m eggi ft-cureo.

I J. e. Sp-iiling ihcin in ihc nell.

I y. e. *7.

K iting them, bo* puui&ed.

It

*e.'lin£ them, or buying to Cell »g*ib.

U.

Killing them at

m*ht, convicted at felfioot, lie.

of the peace) of imprisonment for a year and a day, and fine at the kingfs will; half to the king, and half to tKe owner of the ground where the eggs were taken.

If any manner of person shall hawk in another man's com after it i? eared, and before it is (hocked, and be convicted at the assizes, (eflions, or leet, he shall forfeit 40s. to the owner: And if not paid in ten days, he shall be imprisoned for a month.

Of Swans. |

NO person shall take, or cause to be taken, on his own 1 ground, or any o.her man's, the eggs of any swan, on pain I (on conviction before the justices of the peace) ofimprison- J ment fora year and a day, and fine at the king's will, half to the king, and half to the owner of the swans. '

Every person who shall take the eggs of any swans out of the nest, or willingly spoil them in the nell, and shall be convicted thereof before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, shall be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every egg; or after one month of his commitment, become bound by tecognizance, with two sureties, in 20I. each, before two justices, never to offend again in like manner; which re- 1 cognizance shall be returned to the next fdlions. I

Of Partridges and Pheasants.

EVERY person who shall (hoot at, kill, or destroy any pheasant or partridge, or shall take, kill, or destroy them with setting dogs or nets, or shall take their eggs out of the nest, or spoil them in the nest, fhatl, on conviction before two justices, by confe(7ion, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to r gaol for three months, unless he pay, upon con vision, to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every pheasant, partridge, or egg, or after one month after his commit, ment, become bound, by recognizance, with two sureties, before two justices, in 20I. each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next sessions. ] Every person who shall fell, or buy or fell again, any par- ' tridgeor pheasant (except they be reared and brought up in 1 house?, or brought from beyond sea) shall, on conviction at the assizes or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit, ^ for every partridge, 10s. and for every pheasant, 20s half to him that shall sue, and half to the poor. '

If any person, of what ellate, degree, or condition soever, \ shall take, kill, or destroy any pheasants or partridges in the |

night-

Game.

night-time, and be thereof convicted at the assizes, sessions, or leet, he shall forfeit, for every pheasant, 20s. and for every partridge, 10s. half to him that shall sue, and half to the lord of the manor, unless such lord shall licence or procure the said taking or killing; in which case, the said half shall go to the poor, to be recovered by any one of the churchwardens ; and if not paid in ten days after conviction, he shall be imprisoned for one month : And moreover, besides such forfeiture and imprisonment, he shall give bond to some justice of the peace, with good sureties, not to offend again in like manner for the space of two years.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any pheasant or partridge in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

Jf any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy any pheasant or partridge in the night, that is, between the hours of seven at night and fix in the morning from the 12th day of October to the 12th day of February, and between the hours of nine at night and four in the morning, from the 12th day of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the day time, on a Sunday or Christmas-day, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, not exceeding 20I. nor le(s than iol.; for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I., for the third, and every other subsequent offence, yol. To be levied and recovered as the like penalties for killing any hare in the night, or on a Sunday or Christmas day, as is above set forth.

Every person whatsoever, who shall hawk at, destroy, or kill any pheasant or partridge, with any kind of hawk, or dog, by colour of hawking, between the first of July and the last of August, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, in six months after the offence, be committed to gaol for one month, unless he pay, upon conviction, to the churchwardens or overseers, for the use of the poor, 40s. for every such hawking at any pheasant or partridge, and 20s. for every such pheasant or partridge which he, his hawk, or dog, shall take or kill.

No person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, carry, fell, buy, or have in his possession or use, any partridge between Feb. 12, and Sept. 1, or any pheasant between Feb. l, and Oft. 1, yearly, on pain of forfeiting, on conviction by one witness, in any of the courts of record «t Westminster, 5!. for every such fowl, with full costs. But this is rtot to extend to any pheasant taken in the season allowed by this act, and kept in any mew or breeding-place.

135

Penalty, how applied.

Bood gifta.

9 An. t.25.

Conviction before one justice.

13 G. 3. e. So* Time of night limited.

Lord'.Day or ChristmM-daj.

7 7-c.if.

Hawking limited.

G. 3. r. 19.

Sealon for killing partridge* and pheafanii.

L.

Game

136

3 G. J. e. 39,

Shooting pigeon a.

Penalty to the giofccutor.

Of Pigeons.

IF any person shall (hoot at, with an intent to kill, or by any means kill or take, with a wilful intent to destroy, any house-dove o* pigeon, and shall be thereof convicted, by confession or oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence was committed or the party apprehended, he shall forfeit 20s. to the prosecutor; and if not forthwith paid, such justice may commit him to the gaol or house of correction, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid Persons convicted on this act, shall not be convicted on any former act : And prosecutions on this act shall be commenced and carried on with eft'ed within two months after the offence committed.

Of Wild Ducks, Wild Geese, and other Water-Fowl.

5 fi. 8. e. tv.

Time of taking them.

NO person, between the last day of May and the last day of August yearly, shall take, or cause to be taken, any wild ducks, mallards, widgeons, teals, or wild geese, with nets or other engines, on pain of a year's iroprisonmejit, and a forfeiture of 4d. for every fowl so taken, half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt: Also the justices of the peace may esquire of, hear, and determine the same, as in cases of trespass.

By a subsequent statute, if any person whatsoever (between June 1, and Od. 1, yearly, 10 G. 2. c, 32.) shall, by hays, tunnels, or other nets, drive and take any wild duck, teal, widgeon, or any other water fowl, in any place of resort for wild fowl in the moulting season, and shall be convicted thereof before one justice, by the oath of one witness, he shall, for every such fowl, forfeit 5s. half to the informer, and halftothe poor, by distress, or be committed to the house of corredibn for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than fourteen ' days, to be whiptand kept to hard labour. And the nets shall be seized and destroyed in the presence of the justice.

E5 snot to be* Person» ^rora March 3*» to Junc 3°» ywlfs shall take deftjoyed. or destroy the eggs of any mallard, teal, or other water-fowl, on pain of a year's imorifonment, and of forfeiting, for every egg, one penny, half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt; or, the justices of the peace may deter* thine the same as in cases of trespass.

10 G. t. c. 32.

Not In moulting season.

Of

Game.

*37

Of Heath-Fowl, Grouse, and Bustards-

NO person (halt, upon any pretence whatsoever, wilfully 13 3 55-

take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his possession or use, any heath-fowl, commonly called Black ,between Black game* Dec. lo, and Aug. 20; nor any grouse, commonly called Red *ed

Game, between Dec. 10, and Aug. 12 ; nor arty , be- TimMofkil-

tween March 1, and Sept. I, in any year; on pain of forfeit- |ing rpcc*6td" ing, for the first offence, any sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than ioI. ; and, for the second and every subsequent offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I. ; half to the informer, and half to the poor; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, on prosecution within fix ca- ' lendar months after the offence committed. Or the same rfiay be recovered before one justice, information on oath being Justice, hit made before him within three calendar months after the of- dut7» fence committed ; which said justice may convidfc the offender by confession, or oath of one witness ; and, on neglect or refu-fal to pay, shall levy the same by distress, together with all costs and charges attending the same. And such justice may order the offender tobedetained in fafecustody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the said offender shall give security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such justice, for his appearance before him on the day appointed for the return of the warrant of distress, such day not exceeding five days from the time of taking such security. And if noiufficient distress can be had, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of corrosion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix, nor less than three calendar months, unless the forfeiture, and all costs and charges attending the prosecution, be sooner paid ; which conviction the justice shall cause to be written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept amongst the records; and the clerk of the peace shall grant copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy. And if any person shall think himself aggrieved, he Appeal allowed, may appeal to any general quarter-sessions to be holden with- if a$$rie*ed. in four calendar months after the cause of complaint shallarifej giving fourteen days notice in writing to the justice, and to every other person against whom complaint shall be made; and in four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before a justice with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try the appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such sessions. And the justice having received notice of appeal, shall return all proceedings had before him, touching the matter of the said appeal, to the justices at such sessions. And the said justices, upon proof of the notice given, and of the entering into such recognizance.

T

Game

138

Proceedings not to be removed.

9. An, 5. Killing rauor g<tme at night.

19 J7. 7. e. ii. Herons taken onlj with hawks.

a 5 H. S. r. it. Heron*' eggs taken.

12 23 C. a.

c. 25.

Stealing fiflj out ponds, &c.

before onejustice within month.

shall determine the appeal in a summary way, and award cods to either party. And none of the proceedings shall be qoaihed for want of form, nor be removed by certiorari or other process into any of the courts at Wedminder.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any moor, heath-game, or grouse, in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one judice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, to be sent to the house of correction for three months for the fird offence, and for every other offence, four months.

Of Herons.

NO person, without his own ground, shall (lay, take, or cause to be taken, any herons, unless it be with hawking, on .pain of 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue by altion of debt; or the (eflions may call before them persons suspected, and examine them; and if found in default, may commit them till they have found surety for payment of the forfeiture to the king ; and the justices shall have the tenth part of the forfeiture for their labour.

If any person, from March 31, to June 30, shall take or de- droy the eggs of any heron, he shall be imprisoned for a year, and forfeit, for every egg, 8d. half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt, or before the justices of the peace.

The penalty of fishing in Ponds and other private Fisheries.

WHEREAS divers idle, disorderly, and mean persons, betake themselves to the dealing, taking, and killing of fife, out of ponds, pools, motes, dews, and other several waters and rivers, to the great damage of the owners thereof; it is enabled, that if any person shall use any net, angle, hair, noose, troll, or spear; or shall lay any wears, pots, d(h-hooks, or other engines; or shall take any (i(h by any means or device whatsoever, or be aiding thereunto, in any river, dew, pond, mote, or other water, without the consent of the lord or owner of the water; and be thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before onejudice, in one month after the offence, every such offender in dealing, taking, or killing fidt, shall, for every such offence, give to the party injured such recompence, and in such time, as the judice shall appoint, not exceeding treble damages; and moreover, shall pay down to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 10$. as the judice shall think meet: In default of payment, to

Game.

be levied by distress; for want of distress, to be committed to the house of correction not exceeding one month, unless he enter into bond with one surety to the party injured, not exceeding iol. never to offend in like manner. And the justices may take, cut, and destroy all such angles, spears* hairs, noofes, trolls, wears, pots, fish-hooks, nets, or other engines, wherewith such offender shall be apprehended. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, whose determination shall be final, if no title to any land, royalty, or fiQiery be therein concerned.

If any person shall enter into any park or paddock fenced in and inclosed, or into any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-house, in or through which park or paddock, garden, orchard, or yard any river or stream of water shall run or be, or wherein shall be any river, dream, pond, pool, moat, (lew, or other water, and by any ways, means, or device whatsoever, shall deal, take, kill, or destroy -any fish bred, kept, or preserved therein, without the consent of the owner thereof; or shall be aiding or assisting therein; or shall receive or buy any such fish, knowing the same to be so stolen or taken as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof at the aftizes, within six calendar months after the offence committed, he shall be transported for seven years. — And any offender, surrendering himself to a justice, or being apprehended or in custody for such offence, or on any other account, who shall make confession thereof, and a true discovery on oath of his accomplice or accomplices, so as such accomplice may be apprehended, and shall, on trial, give evidence so as to convict such accomplice, shall be discharged of the offence so by him confected. And if any person shall take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy any fish in any river or stream, pond, pool, or other water (not being in any park or paddock, or in any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-honfe, but in any other inclosed ground, being private property), he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. to the owner or owners of the fishery of such river or stream of water, or of such pond, pool, moat, or other water: And such justice, on complaint upon oath, may issue his warrant to bring the person complained of before him ; and if he shall be convicted before such justice, or any other justice of the county or place, he shall immediately, after conviction, pay the said penalty of 5I. to such justice, for the use of such person as the same is hereby appointed to be paid unto; and, in default thereof, shall be committed by such justice to the house of correction for any time not exceeding six months, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid: Or such owner of the filbery may bring an action for the penalty (within six calendar months after the offence) in any of the courts of record at West-pjinster.

T 2 Rujcs

139

JuOices may destroy angles, nets, See.

5 G. 3. c. 14. Stealing fish-from park or inclosare.

Offender fur-rendering himself, and convicting an accomplice, to be discharged.

Fishing in pri? Vale property*

140

Game

IT R- C. 9.

Who may fur. ? JT wears, &c.

33 o- /-7* improper sale of fiflw

How poni(hei.

9 G. a. r. 33* Time of taking Jobfter*.

\ J. e. t a.

Setting up » new wear.

Rules concerning the Assize, and preserving the Breed of Fish. See Burn, vol. 2.

THE justices of the peace (and the mayor of London on the Thames and Medway) shall survey and search all the wears in such rivers, that they shall not be very strait for the deduction of fry and brood, but of reasonable wideness after the old assize used oraccuflomed ; and they shall appoint under-con-fervators, who shall be sworn to make like survey, search, and punishment. And they shall enquire in session, as well by their office, as at the information of the under-conservators, of all defaults aforesaid, and shall cause them which shall be thereof indicted, to come before them ; and if they be thereof convitt, they shall have imprisonment, and make fine at the discretion of the justices; and if the same be at the information of an under-conservator, he shall have half the fine.

No person shall take, or knowingly have in his poflession, either in the water or on shore, or sell or expose to sale any spawn, fry, or brood of fish, or any unfizeable fish, or fish out of season, or any fmclt not five inches long: And any person may seize the same, together with the bafleets and package, and charge a constable or other peace officer with the offender and with the goods, who shall carry them before a justice; and, on conviction before such justice, the same shall be forfeited and delivered to the prosecutor; and the offender shall besides forfeit 20s. to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice, and distributed half to the prosecutor, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed (and any inhabitant of such parish, nevertheless, may be a witness) ; for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid. Provided, that the justice may mitigate the said penalty, so as not to remit above one half. Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next sessions. [Form of conviction, fee Article Fish, at the end.}

Rules concerning fish in or near the Tea.

NO person shall take, kill, or destroy any lobsters on the coast of Scotland, from June 1, to Sept. 1, on pain of 5I. to be recovered by any person who shall inform and sue for the same, on a summary complaint before two justices of the shire on the coast where the offence shall be committed.

Every person who shall set up any new wear along the sea shore, or in any haven, harbour, or creek, or within five miles of the mouth of any haven or creek, shall, on conviction before

Game

141

fore one justice, or mayor, forfeit, for every offence, 10I. half ; to the king, and half to him that shall sue; to be levied by the conilables or churchwardens by distress.

If any person shall use at sea, on the English coast, any A

traul net, drag-net, or fet-net, for catching of any fish (ex- j^H'net#aC : cept herrings, pilchards, sprats, or lavidnian) which hath the

me(h less than 3f inches from knot to knot; or which hath a 1 false or double bottom ; or shall put one net behind another; he shall, on conviction (after summons) before one justice where the offender resides or shall be found, on oath of two 1 witnesses, in one month after the offence, forfeit the same, and

7 also 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by dif-

: tress; for want of sufficient distress, to be committed to gaol

1 for twelve months; add the nets to be burnt. Persons ag-: grieved, may appeal to the next sessions.

s

Gaming.

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, sheriffs, and other head 33 officers, may enter all houses and places where gaming shall be suspected to be holden, and as well the keepers of the *

: same, as also the persons there resorting or playing, may take,

arrest, and imprison, and keep in prison, until the said keepers have found sureties to the king's use, to be bound by re-

1 cognizance or otherwise, no longer to use, keep, or occupy

: any such house, play, game, alley, or place; and also that the persons there so found, be in like case bound by them-r selves, or with sureties, no more to play, haunt, or exercise

t from thenceforth, in, at, or to any of the said places, or at

any of the said games. All justices of the peace, mayors, t bailiffs, sheriffs, and other-head officers, and every of them,

; finding or knowing any person using unlawful games, contrary to this act, may commit every such offender to ward, ^j^dCMCoa,~ there to remain without bail or mainprize, till he be bound by mit 1 obligation to the king's use, in such film as by the discretion of the said justices, or other such officers shall be thought reasonable, that they shall not from thenceforth use such unlawful game.

Where it shall be proved, on the oath of two witnesses, be- b^two*

fore any justice of the peace, as well as where he shall find, up- *bct

on his own view, that any person hath used any unlawful game fore one justice, contrary to the said statute, the said justice shall have power to commit him to prison without bail, unless and until he shall enter into recognizance, with sureties, or without, at the discretion of the justices, that he shall not, from thenceforth, play at, or use such unlawful game. And where any forfeitures shall be found within the precincts of any leet, the lord shall have one half, and the other half shall be to him that

shall

142

3* EL c. 5.

Suits at quarter* session.

30 G. r. 24.

Csrds, dite, &c« in any licensed house, prohibited*

Journeyman labourer, apprentice, or servant, nay be appre* headed.

from 55. to 10s. forcvtry ot-ieuce*

Gaming. j

/hall sue in any of the king's coarts, tnd elsewhere, they shall j be half,to the king, and half to him that will foe in like manner. I

All suits to be pursued upon any statute for using any an* I lawful game, shall be sued and prosecuted, or otherwise heard and determined, in the general quarter-sessions or affixes of the I county where the offence shall be committed, or in the leet I within which it shall happen, and not in any wise out of the county.

Jf any person, licensed to fell any forts of liquors, or who shall fell or suffer the same to be sold in his house, out-house, I ground, or apartment thereto belonging, shall knowingly fuf- I fer any gaming with cards, dice, draughts, (huflic-boards, j mifliffipi, or billiard-tables, (kittles, nine pins, or with any I other implement of gaming, in his house, out-house, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, by any journeyman, labourer, servant, or apprentice, and shall be convicted thereof on confession, or oath of one wicness, before one justice, within fix ' days after the offence committed, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, 40s. and for every other offence, 10I. by distress, by warrant of such justice ; three fourths of which shall be to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, and one fourth to the informer. And if any journeyman, labourer, apprentice, or servant, shall game in any house, out-house, ground, or apart* ment thereto belonging, wherein any liquors shall be fold, and complaint thereof shall be made on oath before one justice where the offence shall be committed, be shall issue his warrant to the constable or other peace officer of the place wherein the offence is charged to have been committed* or where the offender shall reside, to apprehend and carry the offender before feme justice of the place where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall reside ; and if such person shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness or confession, he shall forfeit, not exceeding 20s. nor less than 5s. as the justice shall order, every time he shall so offend, and be convicted as aforesaid, one fourth to the informer, and three fourths to the overseers for the use of the poor ; and if he shall not forthwith pay down the same, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction, or forae other prison of the place where he shall be apprehended, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until he shall pay the forfeiture. 1 And any justice, unto whom complaint upon oath shall be I made, of any offence committed against this act, shall issue his . warrant for bringing before him, or some other justice of such place, the person charged with such offence; and the justice before whom he is brought shall hear and determine the matter, 1 and proceed to judgment and conviction ; and if it shall appear upon oath to the satisfaction of such justice, that any person within his jurisdiction can give material evidence on behalf of the prosecutor of the person accused, and who will not voluntarily «,

Gaming.

luntarily appear, he shall issue his summons to convene him to give his evidence; and if he shall neglect or refuse to appear on such summons, and no just excuse shall be offered, then (on proof upon oath of the summons having been duly served upon him) he shall issue his warrant to bring such witness before him ; and, on his appearance, if he shall refuse to be examined on oath, without offering just cause for such refusal, the justice shall commit him to the public prison for any time not exceeding three months. [Form of conviction, fee Burn, vol. ii.J

And if any person, convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall think himself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice before whom he shall have been convicted, he may appeal to the next sections; and execution shall be respited, the person, at the time of conviction, entering into recognizance with twofureties, in double the sum he was to pay, to abide the judgment of the quarter-sessions; which recognizance, the justice is hereby empowered and required to take.

Any house, room, garden, or other place kept for public dancing, mafic, or other entertainment of the like kind, in London, or within twenty miles thereof, without licence as hereafter following (except the theatres of Drury-lane, Co-vent-Garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercised by letters patent or licence of the crown, or of the lord chamberlain) shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit tool, with full cods, to him who shall sue (in six months) in any of the coarts at Westminster. And the person who shall appear to act as master, or as having the management of such disorderly house, shall be deemed the keeper thereof.

Which said licence shall be granted at the last preceding Michaelmas sections, and shall be signed and sealed by four justices in open court, and afterwards be publicly read by the clerk of the peace, with the names of the justices subscribing the same; and no licence shall be granted at any adjourned sections; nor shall any fee be taken for the same. And there shall be inserted in such licence, and made conditions thereof, that the words following shall be affixed in large capital letters over the door or entrance of every such licensed house or place, viz. Licensed pursuant to aS of parliament of the twenty-fifth King George the Second; and that it shall not be opened before five in the afternoon. % And in case of a breach of either of the said conditions, the licence shall be forfeited, and revoked by the justices at the next sections, and shall not be renewed.

And, to encourage prosecutions against persons keeping bawdy houses, gaming.houses, or other disorderly houses, the constable, on notice given him in writing by any two inhabitants of the parish, paying scot and lot, of any person keeping such house, shall forthwith go with them to a justice of the peace; and shall (on their making oath that they believe the

contents

M3

Evidence not

apDearin;,

paniQuble.

Power of appeal.

*5 G, i. c, 36,

Disorderly

house*

Id.

Licences at Michaelmas fef. lions.

lofeription.

Time of opening.

Licences, if forfeited, not renewable.

Id.

Mode of pro-fccution.

144

Gaming,

Constable bound to prosecute, and the person* ac-tufed lo appear*

Befufal pumfh* »l>4e.

Itpfncet allowed.

Inhabitant* re-C'jmo^nfed.

. 9 An. c 14.

u.

it G. s. c. 34.

16 C. a.

contents of such notice to be true, and entering into a recognizance of 20I. each to produce evidence of the offence) enter into a recognizance of tol. to prosecute with effedfuch person at the next sessions or aiflizes, as to the justices shall seem meet; and, on the constable entering into such recognizance, the justice shall issue his warrant for bringing the accused personss before him, and shall bind them over to appear at the said sessions or assizes, and shall also, if he thinks (it, demand and take surety for their good behaviour in the mean time.

And if the constable shall neglect or refuse, upon such notice, to go before a justice, or to enter into recognizance, or shall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the profecation, he shall forfeit 20I. to each of the said inhabitants.

And the constable shall be allowed all the reasonable expeo-ces of the profecation, to be ascertained by two justices; and shall be paid the same by the overseers of the poor: And if such person be convicted, the overseers shall also forthwith pay 10I. to each of such inhabitants, on pain of forfeiting double to the said person s.

Any person who shall, at any time or fitting, by playing at cards, dice, or other game whatsoever, or by betting on the fides of such as do play, loft to any one or more persons so play-

ing or betting, in the whole, the Aim or value of 10I. and shall pay or deliver the same, or any part thereof, shall be at liberty, in three months, to sue for and recover the same, with costs, in any court of record; and if he shall not sue in three months, it shall be lawful for any person to-sue for and recover the same, and treble value, with costs; half to such person who shall sue, and half to the poor.

If any person shall, at any one time or fitting, <zur*of any one or more person or persons, above the sum or value of iol* he shall, upon conviction on indictment or information, forfeit five times the value of the sum of money or other things so won, to be recovered by the person suing for the same.

If any person shall win or lofc at play, or by betting at any one time the sum or value of iol. or within the space of twenty-four hours, the sum or value of 20I. he shall be liable to be indicted for such offence in six months, either in the king's bench, or at the assizes; and being convicted, shall be fined five times the value of the sum won or loft, which (after such charges as the court shall judge reasonable, allowed thereout to the prosecutor and evidence) shall go to the poor. And if any offender shall discover another offender, so that he be convicted, the discoverer shall be discharged from all penalties by reaion o( such offence, if not before convicted thereof, and shall be admitted as an evidence to prove the same.

If any person shall play at cards, dice, or other pastime or game whatsoever (other than for ready money), or bet on the fides of such as shall play, and shall lose any sum or other thing, exceeding tool, at any one time or meeting, upon.

ticket.

Gaming. 145

ticket, credit, or otherwise, and shall not pay down the facne at the tine when he shall lose the game* he shall not be bound to make St good, bat the contract for the same, and for every part thereof, and all assurances and securities for the same, shall be void; and the winner shall forfeit treble value of all such fans as he shall fe win above iool. half to the king, and half to him that shall foe, in one year, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, with treble costs.

All notes, bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other 9 An. f, 144 securities, where the whole or any part of the consideration shall be for money or any other valuable thing won by play* ing at cards, dice, tennis, bowls, or any other game5 or by betting on the (ides of such as do game; or for the reimbur-iing or repaying any money, knowingly lent or advanced, at the time and place of such play, to any person so gaming or betting, or that shall, during such play, so play or bett, mall be void: And where such securities shall be of lands, or such as incumber or affect the same, they shall enure, and be to the sole use and benefit of, and devolve upon such person as might have such lands, in case the said granter, or person so encum-bring the same, had been dead: And all conveyances to hinder them from devolving on such person, shall be void.

Any two justices may cause to come, or to be brought be- e. <4* fore them, every person whom they shall have just cause tofuf- jjufpeaed Per" pest to have no visible estate, profession, or calling, to main- W

tain themselves by, but for the moftpart to support themselves I fy gaming; and if such person shall not make it appear to the said jeftices, that the principal part of his expences is not maintained by gaming, they shall require of him sufficient sureties for his good behaviour for twelve months, and, in default of his finding such securities, shall commit him to the common gaol, until he find such securities as aforesaid. And if he shall, during the time for which he shall be bound, at any one time or luting, play or bet for any sums or other thing, exceeding in the whole the value of 20s. such playing shall be deemed a forfeiture of the recognizance.

Lotteries,

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, cdnftables, and other M"* civil officers, shall use their utmost endeavours to prevent the drawing of any unlawful lottery, by all lawful ways and F

means; and every person who shall set Op, or by writing or printing, publifii the setting of any unlawful lottery, with intent to have such lottery drawn, shall forfeit tool, one third ena to the king, one third to the poor, and one third, with full costs, to him who shall foe in the courts at Westminster.

Every person who shall keep any office or place, under the denomination of sales ofhouses. lands, &c. or shall fell or ex-

U pose

146

Offire for unlawful falea, by lottery, c*

Penalty, 500!.

Power of appeal.

Adventurer, how punished*

vi G. a. r. 18. Keeper of every such office or piece for faming.

Penalty, tool*

Prohibited famea specified.

Gaming.

pose to sale the same, or any of them, by way of lottery. Of by lots, tickets, &c. or shall make, print, advertise, or pub-Jifh proposals or schemes for advancing small suns of money by several persons, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in forae public lottery; or shall deliver out tickets; or shall make, print, or publish any proposal or scheme of the like nature, under any denomination whatsoever, and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, by two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by any former act made against private lotteries, forfeit 500I. one third to the king, one third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to be levied by distress and sale by warrant of such justices, and shall also, by such justices, be committed to the county gaol without bail for one whole year, and from thence till the said sum of5ool. shall be paid: Provided that the persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions. And every person who shall be adventurer in, or any way contribute on the account of any such Tales, lotteries, proposals, or schemes, shall forfeit double the sum contributed, with colls, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in the courts at Westminster.

If any person shall erect, set up, continue, or keep any such office or place, or shall expose to sale any houses, lands, ad* vowfons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, ships, or other goods, by any game, method, or device whatsoever, depending upon. Or to be determined by any lot or drawing, whether it be out of a box or wheel, or by cards or dice, or by any machine, engine, or device of chance of any kind whatsoever, he shall, on conviction before any justice of the peace (or mayor), on the oath of one witness, or view of such jaftice, or confession, forfeit 200I. by distress and sale, by warrant of one justice of the county or town where the offence shall be committed ; which said forfeiture (after deducting reasonable charges of the prosecution) shall go one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor of the parish (except in Bath, where the said two thirds shall go to the poor of the hospital there). And if the offender shall not have sufficient goods, whereon to levy the penalties, or shall not immediately pay or give security for the same, the justice before whom he shall be convicted, may commit him to the common gaol, not exceeding six months, and the sale shall be void.

All and every person or persons who shall set up, maintain, or keep the games of the ace of hearts, faro, ballet, and hazard, shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures in and by this act inflicted upon any person or persons, who shall erect, set up, continue, or keep any of the said games or lotteries in this prefen t aft mentioned, and shall be prosecuted and convicted, and the penalties and forfeitures shall be sued for and recovered, in like manner as the

fiud

Gaming. 147

ftid penalties and forfeitures arc, by this act, directed to be sued for and recovered.

And if any witness shall neglect or refuse to appear, upon a. . 34. summons, or shall refuse to give evidence, or give false evi- Evidence re-dence, he shall forfeit 50I. by distress, by warrant of the per- tt n*10 appw* son issuing such summons: And if he have not sufficient goods or whereon to levy the 50I. he shall be committed to the common gaol for six months.

But if any person think himself aggrieved by the .judg- i*<7.a. a?,

ment of any justice or mayor, he may appeal to the next fef- Power ®f *ppe»U lions, giving reasonable notice to the prosecutor. And if any justice or mayor shall neglect his duty herein, he shall forfeit iol. with full colls, half to him that shall sue (in six months) in any court of record, or at the assizes, and .half to the poor.

If any person shall, by colour of any grant from any foreign 19*

prince Qr Hate, set up any lottery; or shall make, print, or Pj^orerofpro % pablish any proposal for any such lottery or undertaking, and ,0<u

/hall be convicted thereof, on oath of one witness, before two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by former acts against unlawful lotteries, forfeit 200I. one third to the king, one third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to be levied by distress, by warrant of such justices; and shall also by them be committed to the county gaol for one year, and from thence till the said sum of 200I. be paid: Provided, that persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

No person shall keep any office for buying or selling, or 3. 47,

otherwise dealing in any tickets in the lottery, without first Defers in taking out a licence for that purpose, but previously to the de- nn*

livery of it, there shall be paid the sum of fifty pounds for every such licence, at the stamp-office. No licence to be granted for any office in Oxford or Cambridge. Persons keeping any office contrary to this act, shall forfeit one hundred Peuslty, 100I. pounds. The words, Licensed to deal in lottery tickets, to be written upon the door in the front of the office. Thecontrad on every sale of a smaller share than asixteenth shall be void in law, and the feller shall forfeit fifty pounds. All penalties incurred by offending against this act (except where a different mode of prosecution is herein before specially prescribed), shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, Sec, in which the offence shall be P*n»ltl« before committed, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible wit- two ness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender; and one moiety shall belong to the informer, and the other to his Majesty, to be levied by distress, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix

U 2 months^

Gaming.

months, nor less than three month*, as such justice* shall think proper) unless such penalty shall be (boner paid or satisfied. Justices may mitigate penalties tp one half, oyer and above the colls and charges.

Gaol and Gaoler,

Building and Repairing of Gaols.

13 G.* 39*

just ices may contract (or building or repairing.

U.

I'aid oat of county rate.

THE justices, or the greater number of them, within the limits of their commission, upon presentment of the grand jury at the assizes (or sections, 12 2. c. 29.) of the in-

efficiency or inconveniency of the county gaol, may contrail with any person for the building, finishing, or repairing the same.

The expence thereof to be paid by the treasurer, out of the next general county rate.

Gaoler shall receive Criminals.

5 H. 4. r. 10. ALL felons shall be imprisoned in the common gaol, and not elsewhere.

a Ed.3. r. io. And if the gaoler refuses to receive a felon, or take any Gsoler punWh- thing for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same by *b e* . the justices of the gaol delivery.

6(7. c. 19. But vagrants and other criminals, offenders, and persons

Vagrants, where, charged with small offences, may, for such offences, or for i.onwwtted. waits of sureties, be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices, in their judgment, shall think proper.

How they shall be maintained.

1* G.». c. >9. THEY are to be provided for by a sura to be paid out of the

Presided for by general county-rate, by the high con (tables, to such fofficieot coumy rate. persons dwelling nigh the gaols, as shall be appointed by the justices in open Tessions, who shall be there ready to receive it.

How

Gaol and Gaoler,

149

How Prisoners may be set on work.

THE jaftices, in their general sessions, if they find it need, ful. may provide a flock of such materials as they find convenient for the setting poor prisoners on work, to be paid for by the treasurerout of the general county rate ; and may pay and provide fir persons to oversee and let such prisoners on work; and make such orders for accounts concerning the premises, as shall be thought needful, and for punishment of ne-gled and other abuses, and for bellowing the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners for their relief. Provided that the ium to be so paid do not exceed the rate of 6d. a week for any one parish.

How they shall be reftralned and kept.

THE county gaol is the prison for malefactors; but prisoners for debt, where an action lies against the sheriff for their escaping, may be kept in what place the sheriff pleases.

But, on emergent occasions, as in case of infectious diseases, the sheriff or gaoler, with the advice and con fen t of three or snore justices (1 <?.) may, if they shall find it needful, provide other safe places (with the owner's consent) for the removal of sick or other persons out of the usual gaols.

The gaoler shall not put, keep, or lodge prisoners for debt and felons together in one room or chamber ; but they shall be put, kept, ana lodged separate and apart from one another in dif-tind rooms, on pain of forfeiting his office, and treble damages to the party grieved,

The justices, in their several quarter-sessions, shall order the walls and cielings of the several wards, both of the debtors and felons, and also of any other rooms used by the prisoners in their respective gaols where felons are nfually confined, to be scraped and white-washed once in the year at lead; and to be regularly washed and kept clean, and constantly supplied with fresh air by hand-ventilators, or otherwise; and shall order two rooms in each gaol, one for the men* and the other for the women, to be set apart for the sick prisoners, directing them to be removed intp such rooms, as soon as they shall be seized with any disorder, and kept separate from those who shall be in health ; and shall order a warm and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, to be provided in each gaol, and direct the prisoners to be washed in such warm or cold baths or bathing tubs, according to the condition in which they shall be at the time, before they are fufFcred to go out of the gaol upon any occasion whatsoever. And they shall order this act to be printed in large and legible characters upon a board, and

f 9 C. 2. c. 4. la G. a. c. 294

Materials to be provided.

L. Rajm.- 136.

Malefactors and debtors separate.

19 C. a. c.4. In cases of infection.

Removal of prw fooers.

2a & 23 C. s.

t. 20.

Penalty on put.' ting prisoners together.

14 G. 3. t. 59. Wails whitewashed.

Gaol ventilated.

Baths provided.

Gaol and Gaolers

150

Act printed*

no hung up. Surgeon* ice. to report*

Cloathi, when aecefliirjr.

Health of prisoner#.

Gaoler's ne* glcft.

*4 3. fejf. a.

f. 54.

Justices to build and repair.

Id.

To eontraft with builders.

Id.

New gaol nay be built by juf trees.

Id.

Separate plsees of confinement.

Sexes fe para ted.

Infirmaries* chapel, baths.

hung up in some conspicuous part of the gaol. And they shall also appoint an experienced surgeon or apothecary* at a dated salary, to attend the gaol, who shall report to the justices, at \ each quarter-sessions, a (late of the health of the prisoners under his care. And they shall have power, in the said quarter- 1 sessions, to order cloaths to be provided for the prisoners, when > they fee occasion; and, to prevent the prisoners from being kept under ground, whenever they can do it conveniently; and i to make such other orders, from time to time, for refloringor preserving the health of prisoners, as they shall think necessary ; and also to direct the several courts of justice within their 1 respective jurisdictions, to be properly ventilated. And if the j gaoler shall neglect or disobey the orders of the justices, he may be proceeded against in a summary way, by complaint to f the judges of assize, or to the justices in their quarter-sessions, j

Gaols, j

JUSTICES in ffjjicnt, upon preferment by the grand jnryn are enabled to build and repair gaols in their respedime counties.

The justices are to give notice, three times at lead, in some public paper, of such presentment having been made, and of their intention to take the same into their consideration, at the 1 next, or some other general quarter-session; and after such con iideration, they shall give notice of their intention to contract with persons for repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging such I gaol. Such contracts to be entered in a book, to be kept by I the clerk of the peace, liable to be inspected by the justices, or I any person contributing to the rates of the county. See. with- out fee or reward. I

If the presentment sets forth, that the place wherein the old , gaol is situate is improper, the said justices may build a new j gaol in any part of the county, &c. provided three-fourths in / number of the justices aflerobled at two successive quarter-fef-iions, after due notice as aforesaid, shall approve of such re* moval, but not otherwise.

The justices, in their choice of the ground, and in determining their plans, shall pursue such measures as shall provide Separate and distinct places of confinement, and dry and airy I cells, for prisoners of the following descriptions by day and night, viz. Prisoners convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge of suspicion of felony; prisoners committed for or adjudged to be guilty of misdemeanors, and debtors: the males of each class to be Separated from the females : And a separate place of confinement for such prisoners as are to be examined as witnesses on behalf of any prosecution of an in-didment for felony: Separate infirmaries, or sick wards, for men and women ; and also a chapel; and convenient warm '

and 'i

Gaols

1 and cold baths, or bathing tubs, as directed by 14. G. 3. c. 59.;

1 and care shall be taken that the prisoners shall not be kept under ground.

The justices may purchase lands, houses. for building, enlarging, and accommodating such gaols.

The sheriff may remove the prisoners to such house or houses J of correction belonging to such county. . as the justices so assembled, with the consent of the said sheriff, shall approve of; and shall confine them there, while the new gaol is building, or the old gaol is repairing or enlarging .* The expence of such removal to be paid by the county, city, division. See.

The justices, at their general quarter-sessions, may nominate *> and appoint one or more judice or justices to visit and super-intend the gaols, and make report of the date thereof to the court of the said general quarter-sessions; which court, on such report, may order and direct any sum or sums of money not exceeding 200]. in any one year to be laid out in repairing such gaols; though such warrant of repair shall not have been presented by the grand jury ; and any one or more judice or justices may order accidental damages to be repaired immediately, so far as may be necessary and sufficient for the safe ; custody of the prisoners ; and such judice or justices shall report the same to the next court of general quarter-sessions; which court is hereby authorized to order the payment of such ; monies as have been necedarily expended on such repairs.

Expences of re-building or repairing county gaols are to be defrayed by the county rates : But when the estimate shall ex-ceed one half of the amount of the annuajjeounty rate, taken on a mean proportion for the lad five yei&s, the justices, in 5 their quarter-sessions, may borrow, on mortgage of the rates,

; such sums not less than col. nor more than tool, each, at legal r or lower intered, as to the major part of them (not being less than five) shall appear necessary and expedient: Such agree-t ments, signed by the chairman, and two or more justices pre-1; sent at making the order, to be an effectual security. j All persons, to whom such securities shall be made, may (. ttansfer them to any others. The justices may charge the c county rates not only with the intered of the sums so borrowed, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal, at lead,

$ to such intered; which lad shall be applied to the discharge f of so many of the principal sums, as it will extend to discharge i in each year ; till the whole, both principal and intered, shall < be fully paid and discharged.

f, All receipts and payments are to be entered in a book, to be $ kept by a proper person, and inspected by the justices at every s sessions; and if the person appointed to keep the account shall not have applied the money to the purposes hereby directed,

: he shall forfeit double the amount. The justices shall direct s in what order the securities shall bedischarged by lot or otherwise, discharging such fird, which shall bear the highed in-\ tered.

*5*

24 G. 3 J

c. 54.

Purchase of lands.

Id.

What done while new gaol is building.

Id.

VisitiagjulUces.

Id.

County rates to psy for repairs, tcQ. of gaols.

When rates may be mortgaged.

Id.

Securities transferred.

*4 <7.3 J'f-

c. 54.

Accounts in-spetted.

152

Gaols

*4 G- 3 *

54*

Guardian* may fell or convey lands*

Id.

Jury may settle value.

Id.

How impan-clled.

Zxptnee*, by whom borne.

J Justices may take possession.

Id.

Special session for receiving plans, Se

Report of expence, &c.

»4 G. l. 54.

No justice to have any interest in con-trails, dec.

Id.

Salaries to gv>lers in (lead or liquors.

terest. The whole money to be paid, within a limited time, not exceeding fourteen yean.

Bodies politic, and guardians, may sell and convey lands for the purpose of erecting new- gaols, or enlarging the old ones : Bat if the purchase-money of such lands shall exceed tool, it shall be laid out in purchase of lands, subject to the same uses, and till the purchases are made, it shall be laid out in government securities, whether it be more or less than tool.

If the parties refuse to treat, the justices in feifions, or any two or more appointed for that purpose, shall enquire into the value of such houses, Sec. and shall ascertain it by a jury of indifferent men, whose verdict shall be final.

The justices, or any two of them, may issue their warrant to the fherif For bailiff, requiring him to impannel, farnmon, and return twenty-four qualified persons, out of whom they shall draw by ballot, and swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve mea, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid. And facb justices may impose a fine of not more than loi. nor left than aos. on any (herrff or bailiff. Sec. making default herein: Exposers of the jury to be borne by the building fund, if adjudged to be worth more, and by the feller, if less, than the justice % had offered.

On payment of the money, or leaving it in the hands of such persons as the justices in session shall appoint, the justieas, or any two of them, may take poftefiioa of the premifos.

Where the county is divided into several ridings, the justices for the several divisions, in the next general quarter-session after the presentment of the gaol, may nominate three or more justices, whtP'shall, within one month (due notice having been given to the justices by the clerk of the peace of such divisions respectively), meet and afiexnble at such gaol* And the said justices, or the major pare of them (such major part not being less than five) shall hold a special fessiont at the said gaol, for receiving plans, con trad*, Sec. and the said lad mentioned justices shall make their report to the general quarter-session s of the peace of such ridings, of the several plans and ef-timates, and also of the expence necessary to be raised on each riding, as their quota of the expence to be incurred; which sums shall be raised after the manner of county rates.

No justice, doing any thing in the execution of this act, shall be capable of having any beneficial interest or concern whatsoever, in any contract or agreement, nor shall receive any benefit or emolument for any design or plan which he may deliver or produce.

The justices, at their sessions, or at some special adjournment held for that purpose, may appoint such salaries and allowances to gaolers as they shall think proper, in lieu of the advantages which might arise from the sale of liouors in the gaols: Such salaries to be paid by the treasurer of the county, city, &c. when signed by the chairman of the sessions. But

such

Gaols,

*53

such certificate of salaries is not to be signed by the chairman, till they shall have been settled at the next general quarter-sessions, or at some spedal adjournment thereof; of which fef^ (ions or adjournment, notice shall have been given at lead fourteen days before in the public papers by the clerk of the peace.

No gaoler, from June 24, 1785, shall suffer tippling or gaming in the prison, or shall fell, or suffer to be sold, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors, or have any interest in the sale thereof, under the penalty of 10I. for every such offence ; to be recovered by distress, on confession, or the oath of any witness or witnesses, which oath the justices are hereby empowered to administer.

The penalty, after charges of recovering it are deduced, shall be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the ufeot the prisoner; and, on failure of distress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction for three months, or till the penalty, and all reasonable charges shall be paid* Justices shall cause the conviction of any person offending against this act, to be drawn up in this form:

5 Be it remembered,that on the-day of - in the

— — year of the reign of his —

conn* idled before - one of his Majesty 's justices of the peace for the said - — - by virtue of an ah of parliament made in the Z\th year of the reign of his Majesty King George the , entitled, An act to enable justices of peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties, of [here set forth the offence, and the

time when, and place where the same was committed]. Given under my hand andfeal the day and year

Form of mortgage, and charge upon the county-rates for securing sums borrowed, is at the end of the act, and needs not to be infer ted here.

Of Clergymen to officiate in Gaols.

THE justices in sessions may appoint clergymen to officiate in gaols according to the rites of the church of England, and allow to each a salary not exceeding 50L a year; to be paid by the treasurer out of the county rate.

How prisoners shall be delivered.

If the prisoner is acquitted, or discharged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, or hath no bill found against him, he shall pay no fee to the gaoler for his discharge; but such fees as hath been usual, dot exceeding 13s. 4d. shall, on certificate of the judge or justice before whom such prisoner hath been discharged, be paid out of the general county rate.

X Concerning

% \G. 3. r 54.

Tippling and gaining prohibited.

Id.

Penalties, how applied.

Id.

Form of conviction.

*3 Oi 3. e, $B. Chaplain's fa. la»y.

14 G. 3. e. ao. No fee to (he gaoler.

154

Gaols

5* G. a. . a '

Sheriff* officers* feet.

Copy to be (btwn to the party arrested.

Indulgence to debtors.

31 G. < a8.

Tables of fees to becftablished.

Concerning Debtors.

NO sheriff, bailiff, or other officer, shall take more for one or more night's lodging, or for a day's diet, or other expellees* of any person under arrest, than shall be allowed by order offessions: which sessions shall make order therein, and vary the same from time to time, as they shall see occasion; and shall cause a copy of every such order, and of every variation or alteration thereof, signed by the clerk of the peace, to be put up and kept in some conspicuous place in the sessions noufe or other proper place, that the same may be there seen and examined. And every sheriff, and other person intruded with the execution of process, shall deliver a printed copy of the several dauses in this act relating to bailiffs and other persons to be employed under them, to every such bailiff and other person; and shall*also make it part of the condition of the bond to be given by such bailiff or other person, that he will shew and deliver a copy of the said clauses to every person he shall arrest, and go with to any public or other house where any liquor shall be fold, and that he will permit every person so arrested, or any friend of his, to read over the same clauses before any liquor, meat, or victuals shall be called for or brought to such person : And if any bailiff shall offend in the premises, he shall, besides the breach of the condition of the bond, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in the execution of the process, and punishable as such by virtue of this act. And the sheriffs and gaolers shall suffer any prisoner for debt, at his will and pleasure, to fend for or to have brought unto him, at seasonable times in the day, any beer, ale, victuals, or other fteceflary food, from what place he shall think fit, or can have the same; and also to have and use such bedding, linen, and other necessaries, as he shall have occasion for ana think fit, or shall be supplied with, without purloining or detaining the same, or requiring him to pay for the having or using thereof, or putting any manner of restraint or difficulty upon him in relation thereunto.

The two lords chief justices and lord chief baron, or two of them, together with the mayor and two aldermen of London, or with three aldermen without the mayor, in respect of the prisons within the said city; and the said lords chief justices and chief baron, or two of them, together with three justices of the peace of Middlesex and Surry respectively, for the prisons within the said counties; and elsewhere, the justices in sessions, shall establish tables of the rates and fees to be taken by

+ N. B. It may not be amiss to insert in this place a determination of the court of King's Bench, Michaelmas term 1787; via. that the sheriff ia entitled, on the levying of executions, to nothing more than what is allowed by Eliz 29, which entitles the sheriff to is. in the pound on all executions, where t+ie sum levied amounts to tool, or less, and to 6d. in the pound, for all above that sum.

gaolers

Gaols. 155

gaolers within their respective jurisdiction, and vary the same.

From time to time, as they shall see occasion. The same to be

signed respectively by the said judges, mayor, aldermen, and justices within London, Middlesex, and Surrey, and elsewhere,

to be signed by three or more justices in sections, and afterwards

reviewed and confirmed or moderated by the judges of afirze

(or justices of great sections in Wales and Cheshire) at the next

assizes to be held after making or varying the same as aforesaid;

the same to be afterwards signed by the said judges of assize

and three justices of the peace of such division or place respectively; and proper rules and orders, for the better government

of the respective gaols and prisoners therein, shall be made,

and altered from time to time, as there shall be occasion, by and altered froiA

the courts of Westminster-hajl, for the several prisons belong- time to time,

ing to the said courts ; and, by the said lords chief justices and

chief barons or two of them, together with the mayor of

London and two aldermen, or with three aldermen without the

mayor, for the prisons within the said city : And, by the said

lords chief justices and chief baron, or two of them, together

with three justices of the peace, for the prisons within hliddle-

sex and Surrey ; and elsewhere, by three or more justices in

sections, for the prisons within their respective districts; the

Fame to be afterwards reviewed, and altered, if thought necessary, by the judges of assize at the next aftizes after making

altering the same.

And duplicates of every such table of fees and of orders 31 G. *.*.*?. which shall be made for the prisons belonging to the courts of Duplicate* ea-Westminster-hall, shall be enrolled in such court: And for any ro,cd* other prisons, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to . be enrolled by him, without fee v and every such clerk of the peace shall cause another copy thereof to be hung up in the Hung up in court where the aftizes or quarter-sessions shall be held, there court, to remain and be inspetted; and shall cause another copy A c.opy to tl*e thereof to be transmitted to the gaoler; and such gaoler shall gao er* Forthwith cause the same to be hung up in foiqe open place, to be j,™ and in a conspicuous manner in his gaol; and to be there kept i„ the gao up, so as that the prisoners may have free resort thereto, at seasonable times in the day, without paying any thing for the same. The courts at Westminster, justices of assize (and great Gift* end Be-sessions), justices of the peace, and com midi oners for charitable on*

uses, shall, from time to time, esquire concerning gifts and ° beau efts to poor prisoners; they may fend for papers and wit-nerfes, and examine persons upon oath, and order and settle the payment thereof in such easy and expeditious way as they shall think proper. Anda table of such benefactions, after every such' settling thereof, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be registered by him without fee ; and another table to the gaoler, to be hung and kept up by him in some conspicuous place in his gaol.

X 2 Concerning

156

Gaols

is C. a. e, 29:

County relief*

29 C, 3. c, 67, Cooler's certificate at Michael* mas quarter-session.

to be eiamined and confideicd*

Penalty for gaoler's neg|e£^

Concerning the Prisons of the King's Bench and Marshalsea.

THE justices in Eader sessions shall set down what fumi shall be sent out of every county or place corporate, for the relief of the poor prisoners of the king's-bench and Marshalsea, (o as there be sent out of every county yearly 20s. at the least to each of the said prisons; to be paid by the high constables out of the general county rate, to two such treasurers, or one of them, as by the most part of the justices of the county shall he elected to be treasurers.

At the quarter-session next after the session of parliament, 1789, and at the Michaelmas session annually, a certificate in the form annexed, shall be delivered by every gaoler to the chairman, read in open court, in the presence of the grand jury, and entered upon record as part of the minutes of the said session.

The said court of quarter-session shall thereupon take the said certificate into their consideration, and summon any person or persons named therein to appear before them, and shall give such directions, and make such orders relative to any of the matters contained in such certificate, as to such joflices shall seem meet; and shall and may take security from any person or persons whom the same may concern for his or their due compliance therewith.

If any gaoler or other officer, having the care or superin-tendance of any gaol, being a county gaol, shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered such certificate as aforesaid, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 50I. and, not being a county gaol, the sum of 20I. to be recovered by any perfcrn who shall sue for the same.

Certificate referred to by this act.

r At the general quarter-sessions of the peace for the

to nvit. < holden at this day of in the year of our Lord

the certificate of in pursuance of the statute

in this case made and provided, resp the gaol of

22 23 C. 2. r. 20, enacts, that felons and debtors shall be

kept separate, under penalties upon the sheriff or gaoler.

24. G. 2 . c.40. enacts, 1. That no gaoler shall fell, lend, use, or give away, or suffer spirituous liquors within any gaol, under a penalty.

2. That a copy of the clause last mentioned, as also of two other clauses respecting the same, shall be hung up in the gaol, under a penalty.

32. G.

Gaols.

' 157

32 G. 2. r. 28. enads, that the clerk of the peace shall cause a list of the fees payable by debtors, and the rules and orders for the government of gaols and prisons, to be hung up in the court where the assizes and sessions shall be held, and fend another copy to the gaol; and the gaoler shall cause the same to be hung up in a conspicuous place in the said gaol.

13 G,3. c. c8. enads, that clergymen may be provided to

officiate in gaols.

14 Q. 3. c.20. enads, that persons acquitted,. or discharged upon proclamation, for want of prosecution, shall be discharged immediately, in open court, and without fee.

14 G,3. c. 59. enads, that 1. The walls and cielings of

cells in gaols shall be scraped and white-washed once in the year at least.

2. That the cells shall be kept clean ; and

3. That they shall be supplied with fresh air, by ventilators or otherwise.

4. That there shall be two rooms set apart for the (ick.

5. That a warm and cold bath, or bathing tubs, shall be provided.

6. That this act shall be hung up in the gaol.

7. That a surgeon or apothecary shall be appointed, with a salary.

i N. B. To these federal articles, the gaoler is exptfled to make a particular return* f For the better regulation of gaols, and other places of confinement used as houses of correction or penitentiary houses, > in and for the several counties, ridings, and divisions, within \ that part of Great Britain called England; it is enacted, by : this statute. That the justices of the peace, assembled at one or 1 more general or quarter.sessions for any county, riding, or di-t vi(Ion, or at any special adjournment thereof, held for such express purpose, of which sessions or adjournment, public notice shall have been given in some newspaper circulating in such county, and signed by the clerk of the peace, and at which five justices at least shall be present, shall appoint a governor or ta(k-master, and such other officers, for every place of confinement used as a house of correction, or penitentiary house, in and for such county, riding, or division; and with such salaries and allowances for the said governor, and other officers, a} they, the said justices, or the major part of them, shall deem necessary, and shall order or direct the said fa-i laries to be paid out of the county rate ; and the said justices shall, from time to time, have power to remove the governor ; and other officers of the said houses, and to appoint others in their (lead, and to increase or dimi nish the number of the officers, exclusive of the governor, ajid also to alter the salaries and allowances of such governor, and other officers, as they shall, from time to time, find convenient.

In fixing the salary and allowance of such governor or ta(k-, mailer.

31 G, 3. e. 46. Appointment of governor,^.

Justice'* power of removal.

158

Gaols

Reference to

Work d nr*

Govern » fe-entity.

31 G. 3. c. 46.

C<»rrrnor j. tiled.

K uk# U)d orders, by whom tuds.

Fv whom coo-

firmed*

mader, the justices shall have regard, so far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in such houses ; that it may become theintered, as well as duty, of such governor or talk-mailer, to fee that all persons under his cudoay be regularly and pro- / fitably employed. The governor and other officers shall give j such security for the performance of their respective duties, and to such person or persons, as the said justices, from time to time, shall appoint; and such governor, or other officers, for any negligence or misbehaviour in their respective offices, may J either be proceeded against on the fecority so to be given, or 1 shall be fineable by the said justices, at any general or quarter- I sessions, in the same manner as the governor of any house of . correction is fineable by justices of the peace, by 7 . 1, J

c. 4, and by 17 G. 2. c. 5. I

If any governor of any such house, being removed by any \ order of the said justices, at their general or quarter-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall refuse or neglect to quit the J pofiession of the said house for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two or more of the said justices, upon proof before them of such 1 order of removal, such notice thereof, and such neglect or refusal to comply with the same, may, by warrant under their ^ hands and seals, direct the sheriff of the said county to remove 1 such governor out of the said house, and the sheriff shall ac- j cordingly dear the possession thereof, in like manner as upon \ a writ of habere facias pcjfej/ionem.

The justices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, at some general or quarter-sessions, or adjourned fession, to I make fuen rules and orders for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, eloathing, maintaining, employing, reforming, go- 1 verning, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, dor- I ing their respective confinement in the said penitentiary houses, and also for adjuding what aid shall be given to them, 1 as well upon such confinement, as on their being released, as to the said justices shall seem most fit and proper* bat no such 1 rules and orders shall be made at any such sessions, unless five justices at lead shall be present; and in making such rules and orders, the said justices shall have regard to the difeiplioe, provisions, and directions contained in an a&cf 19 G. 3* e, 74, concerning the two national penitentiary houses therein mentioned ; but such rules and orders shall not begin to have fall I force until they have been submitted to the justices of assize, I great fession, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at the af- 1 f17.es which shall be holden for such county next after the making of such rules and orders, or at some subsequent assizes ; and the said justices, to whom such rules and orders shall have been submitted, shall have subscribed a certificate or declara- I tion, that they do not fee any.thing contrary to law in the said 1 rules and orders so to be made as aforesaid. Roles and orders

Aali '

I

i

I

Gaols

*59

shall afterwards be added to, or altered, from time to time, as often as the said jufaces of the peace for such county, at any genera] or a uarter-session s, or adjourned session (at which five at least shall be present) shall think necessary ; and such additions and alterations shall also, in like manner, be submitted to the justices of assize, great session, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at any assizes for such county, in manner aforesaid, who shall subscribe such certificate or declaration as before mentioned. Nothing herein contained shall extend to, deprive any convict of the benefit of any weekly or other allowance, which has usually been, or hereafter may be, granted or made by virtue of any law, statute, custom, or order, for the purpose of maintaining and supportingconvicted prisoners, provided always that the application of all and every such allowance be subject to such limitations and restrictions as may be contained in the rules and orders herein directed to be made for the government and police of the said houses.

Every governor of the several places of confinement to be ' a fed as houses of correction, or penitentiary houses, and his or their assistants, shall have the same powers over the offenders to be confined therein, as are incident to the office of a sheriff, or of a gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for the escape of any offender within his custody. The said governor shall have power to hear complaints, and examine persons touching offences, and punish the same (except by whipping) in such and the same manner as the governor of each penitentiary house, directed to be built by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, is, by the said act, empowered to do; and in case of the repetition of such offences, or in case of offences more enormous, which the said governor is not by this act empowered to punish, the said governor shall report the same to the visiting justices, or one of them, for the time being, to be appointed as herein-after is directed1, and such justices, or one of them, shall have power to esquire, upon oath, and determine concerning all such offences so reported to them, and shall order such offenders to be punished, either by moderate whipping, repeated whippings, or by close confinement, for any term not exceeding one month. If any person, ordered to hard labour, shall at any time, during the term for which he or she shall be so ordered, break prison, or shall escape from the place of his or her confinement, or in the conveyance to the same, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender; or if any person shall refeue any offender, who shall be ordered to hard labour, either during his or her conveyance to the place of his or her confinement, or whilll such offender shall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or she shall be confined ; or if any person shall be aiding or assisting in any such refeue, or if any person having such custody, as an affiltant, shall voluntarily or negligently permit such offender to escape; or if any person

shall.

31 G. 3. r. 46.

Convict's allow* dcc continued*

Governor answerable for escape.

Power as to pa* nHhment.

Report to visiting justices.

Breaking prison, dec.

Assisting in ref-cue.

Gaols

160

31 G. 3. c. 46.

How pun! Ik*' able.

Visiting justict'i duty.

Report in writing.

I very justice ruy inspe£t,

and Teport to the sessions,

to be enquired into.

Rules and orders.

shall, by supplying arms, tools, instruments, of means of dif. guise, or otherwise in any manner aid or assist any such offen- der in any escape, or in any attempt to make an escape, though I

no escape be actually made, every such offence as aforesaid shall '

be punishedin the same manner as the like offence would be \ punishable under the before-mentioned act of 19 G. 3. r- 74, if such had been committed by or in respect to any person or- , dered to hard labour in either of the two penitentiary houses j therein mentioned.

The provision of 19 G.3. c.74, for prosecutions for ' escapes, &c. shall extend to this act. I

The justices of the peace shall, at every general or .quarter- / sessions after the passing of this act, appoint two or more juf- f i tices visitors of each of the said gaols and other places of confinement; and such visiting justices so respectively appointed \ shall, either together or lingly, personally visit and insped such prison at lealt three times in every quarter of a year, and t oftener, if occasion shall require, and shall examine into the Hate of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the respective officers, and the treatment and condition of the pri- foners, the amount of their earnings, and the expences attending such prison, and in matters of pressing necessity, and within the powers of their commission as justices, shall take cogni- ' zance thereon, and proceed to regulate and redress the same; and at every general or quarter-sessions of the peace, the said visiting justices respectively shall make a report in writing of the state and condition of the same, and of all abuses which J may occur to their observation therein ; and the chairman of the said sessions is hereby required to call upon the said visitors for such report. It shall be lawful for every justice of the ! peace for such county, riding, or division, of his own accord, ] and without being appointed a visitor, to enter into and to I examine the same at such time or times, and as. often as he (( shall think fit; and if he shall discover any abuses therein, he is hereby required to report them in writing at the next gene- ral or quarter.sessions of the peace, or adjourned sessions, which shall be holden for such county, riding, or division. When report of any abuses in the said place of confinement shall be made by the said visiting justices, or either of them, or by any other justice of the peace for such county, riding, or division, the abuses so reported shall be taken into immediate considera- tion by the justices of the peace for such county, &c. and they j are hereby required to adopt the moil effectual measures for enquiring into and rectifying such abuses, as soon as the nature of the case will allow.

A body of rules, orders, and regulations, as bye laws for the I government of the said gaols, and of the prisoners to be therdot 1 confined, shall be made, framed, and confirmed, by such pet- j fons, and in such manner as is appointed for county gaols in general, by a statute of 30 G.a. r. 28. Ia the same rules, orders, |


I

Gaols.

ders, and regulations, proper and particular directions shall be given for effectuating such reparation and clalling of prisoners, ::2 as is directed by 24 G. 3*. c. 54, with such further reparation ':j and daffing as shall be thought requisite, and also'fcs well as for " enforcing, amongst the prisoners of all descriptions, cleanli- % ness, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as for 'securing JKjuft and humane treatment of them by the gaoler and his servants, and all directions contained in the said act, c respecting such rules and orders, shall beexaCtly conformed to The court, by whom any offender shall be sentenced to

# transportation for crimes committed after the first day of July, 1791, or, in the case of any offender to whom his Majesty's royal mercy shall have been extended on condition of transportation,

s or any judge or just ice of the court, by or before whom such

i offender shall have been convicted, or any joffice of the king's

n bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer, or justice of - oyer and terminer, or genera] gaol delivery, or justices of peace i- at their quarter-session, may order and adjudge that such peril son shall be imprisoned and kept to hard labour in the com-

j mon gaol, in and for the county where such offender shall have

i been convicted, until he or she be transported, or otherwise re-

$ moved according to law, or until he or she, by the expiration

,;t of the term of such sentence of transportation, or otherwise,

:: shall be entitled to his or her liberty; and the time during

: which such offender shall so continue confined, shall bereckon-

3 ed in discharge, or part of discharge, or satisfaction, of the i term of his or her transportation.f*

i*. The keeper of the common gaol, and also the governors or

# keepers of the several places of confinement to be used as peni-tentiary houses, on the first day of every affixes, great sessions,

1 or general gaol delivery, shall make a just and true return in

# writing to the clerk of assize, or other clerk or proper officer of

s. such court, specifying the number and (ize of the cells com-

,1 pleted for the reception of prisoners ordered to imprisonment

y and hard labour, the names of all and every person or per-

.< fons in his custody, the offences of which they have been guilty,

i the court before which each person was convicted, the sentence

\s of the court, if tried and convicted before any court of record,

jt or, if committed by one or more of his Majesty's justices of the

y peace, the name of the justice or justices, before whom such

0 person or persons was or were convicted, and the offerice of

£ which such person or persons was or were convicted, the age,

bodily estate, and behaviour, of every such convict.

Every such return, before it is delivered into court, shall be examined by one or more of the visiting justices, to be appointed as herein-before directed, who is hereby required to (ign such return, and to annex thereto such observations as he j shall think fit on every particular therein contained.

11 f K.B. Where there are hopes of reformation, a nardon has been often j. obtained, on condition of their being kept to hard labAr for a fixed term of ' years $ and where the offender is really reclaimed} that firm bas been shorten-«d, or a free pardon granted.

; y ^ As

l6l

31 G. 3. f.46.

Separation and classing of pr»-fonera.

Convicts for transportation, bow dealt with.

Keeper*i ret am*

Number and fire of cells, dec. Ira.

31C. 3. Return to be figoed.

1&2

Gaols

Separation of ptifonen.

If it can be ef-Tufled $ if not, what to be done.

Materials for work*

Fronts applied*

All prisoners, if willing, may bate work.

C,.3. c* 46. Food and raiment for those who cannot work*

As long as any person under sentence of transportation shall continue in the common gaol, the gaoler having custody of such offender, shall separate such convict, as far as conveniently may be, from every person in his custody,* except prisoners convicted of felony.

If the common gaol shall not be in a (late to afford the means of reparation according to the directions of the act of 24 G. 3. c. 54, the said gaoler shall report the inefficiency of such county gaol to the grand jury, great sessions, or general gaol delivery, next after the passing of this act, and at every fub-sequent assize, great session, or general gaol delivery, till such means of reparation shall be effected.

And whereas, by an act of 19 . 2. c. 4, it was enacted.

That the justices of the peace, in their respective counties, at any of their general sessions, should provide a Itock of materials for the Getting poor prisoners on work, in such manner and by such ways as other county charges may be levied and raised, and should pay and provide lit persons to oversee and set such persons on work, and make such orders as shall by them be thought needful, and should bestow the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners set on work for their relief, provided that no parish be rated above sixpence by the week towards the premises; And whereas the provision of the said recited statute is very fit to be executed with respect to such prisoners therein described, as shall be confined in the gaols, with an extension thereof to all other prisoners inclined to take the benefit thereof, and also an increase of the Aim limited by the said act for defraying the expence of executing the same: Justices, by this act, may execute the recited provision in favour of all prisoners willing to work ; and for that purpose are hereby authorized, at a general or quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direct the payment of such Aims of money out of the county rate for the said county, as they shall, from time to time, think fit, to be expended in executing the provision of the said last-mentioned act, according to the extension thereof hereby made.

And whereas, by an act of 14 5, as also by the above-

mentioned act of 32 G. 2, some provision is made for the relief of prisoners; but, notwithstanding the humane purposes thereof, the health of prisoners is frequently so affected, by want of necessary food, as to reoder them incapable of labour when released, justices in fession may order affiffance out of the county rates to prisoners who cannot work, or who, being able, cannot procure employment sufficient to sustain themselves by their industry, or who may not be otherwise provided for by virtue of any law or statute, or of any custom,or order, such food and raiment as the said justices shall, from time to time, think necessary for the support of health, and such money shall accordingly be applied, in conformity to the directions to be given by the said justices*

♦ This exception, it were to be wished, might be done away, where the prison will admit ota more etf'ettuil reparation.

Vificors

Gaols

163

V ill tors shall report any extraordinary diligence or merit in 3t 3. c. offenders to the great sessions, &c. to be holden for the county Diligence and in which such offender was convicted, in order that such juf- ®em rewwded* tices may, if they think proper, recommend such offender to the royal mercy; and if his Majesty shall thereupon be graciously pleased to shorten the duration of such offenders confinement, such offender shall, together with necessary cloathing, receive such sum of money for his or her immediate subsistence, as the said visiting justices shall think proper, so as such sum shall not exceed twenty shillings, nor be less than five shillings, in case such offender shall have been confined for the space of one year, and so in proportion for any shorter term of confinement; and such sums of money, as also the expeoce of such cloathing, shall be paid out of the county rate.

The jufficesin session may settle a table of fees for gaolers, Fee* for gaoler See. and are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to re«u,*te<1-time, to alter, vary, or totally disallow.of all or any such charges and fees, and to order a copy, of the table of fees so regulated to be hung up in the court of assize and quarter-sessions for the county, riding, or division, and another copy thereof to be transmitted to the said gaoler or keeper, who shall cause the same to be hung up in some conspicuous place within the gaols or penitentiary houses; and all orders and directions contained in the said last-mentioned alt, respecting the tables of fees and rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of prisons,shall be conformed to, as if the same were herein particularly 'en- , a£ted and repeated ; and, by way of recompence for any diminution of emolument in the office of gaoler, or keeper of the said gaolsor penitentiary houses, by means of any such regulation of fees, or by the disallowing any such charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of all or any part, of the profits and emoluments that have usually arisen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the said justices (o assembled as aforesaid, are hereby further authorized and impowered to grant loch salaries and allowances to the said gaoler or keeper, and to his affidants, as to the said justices (nail appear reasonable and satisfaClory, and from time to time Salaries instead to alter and vary the same, as they shall think fit; and may of cmoiumep'i* g^ant salaries where emoluments are diminished; and order and direct the said salaries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the treasurer of tlje county, upon an order signed by the chairman, specifying the salary and allowance so directed to be paid: No regulation of fees affecting the sheriff shall take place, unless such sheriff shall, by writing under his hand, consent thereto: Justices may ffipulate with gaolers for payment of salaries, which ate not to oe given to persons incapable of executing the office.

All fines, forfeitures, and penalties, inflicted by this act, or pines and p»-which shall be inflicted by virtue of any rule or order to be *ulties,h:jw made in pursuance thereof, the levying and recovering of jeried. which are not particularly herein directed, shall be levied by

Y 2 distress

le

164

31 G. 31 c. 46.

Fwm of conviction.

Power of appeal within foor month*.

On entering into recognizance.

Decision final*

Not qtrafted for want of form.

Gaols.

distress and Tale of the offender's goods and chattels, by war* rant under the hands and Teals of two justices of the peace, who are hereby authorized to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and determine the same; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this act imposed and inflicted, or authorized to be imposed and inflicted, the application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid, from time to time, to the treasurer of the county, for the time being, and shall be applied and disposed of for the purposes of this act, and the overplus, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and Tale, shall be rendered to the owner: Offenders may be committed toprison for want of distress, for any term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

All and every the justice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following, or any other form of words, to the same effect, viz.

BE it remembered. That on

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

A. B.is convicted before me, C. D.

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of

[Specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was , as the

case flail he,]Given under my hand and Teal, the day and year first above-mentioned.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the general or quarter-sessions. See. within four calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen ; the appellant first giving, or causing to be given, seven clear days notice at lead, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, to the justice or justices before whom the conviction shall have been had, and to the clerk of the neace for the county. See. in which such offence shall be tried, and within two days after such notice shall enter into recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said county , with twosufficientfureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter-session ; and the justices at fuchfefiion, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a luminary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter-session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

No order made touching or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, nor any proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender or offenders against it, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by any

Gaols. 165

any writror process into any of his Maj,efty's courts of record or removed into

at Westminster; and where any distress shall be made, the dif- another couru

tress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, on account of

any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, .

or on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done

by the |>arty or parties distraining; but the person aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (if any) in an action upon the case; unless

tender of sufficient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party distraining, before such action brought.

if any suit or action shall be prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act or General iffoe. the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue joined; or if, upon demurrer, or otherwise, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs; and though a verdict shall be given for any plaintiff, in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the action, and of the verdict obtained thereupon.

All actions shall be commenced within six calendar months Limitation of after the fad committed. »aion*.

Gauger. See Excise. Gin. See Excise.

Glass.

FOR the establiftung a corporation for carrying on a glass 13 . 3. c. 38* manufactory, for the calling of large plate-glass (which ad hath continuance for twenty-one years) many of the penalties and forfeitures are recoverable before one justice of the place where such manufacture shall be carried on ; which, not Penalties, ho# being general, it is thought sufficient in this place to refer recoverable, those whom it may concern to the ad itself.

Gloves.

166

Gloves

i

*5 G. 3. jsi

Clove licence*

U.

Id.

Urder whole management*

Id.

Penalty*

Id.

By whom licence granted.

Id.

li.scription on {hop, 3c c*

Id.

Words affixed bj unlicensed dealer a*

Id.

Who deemed retailers*

Id.

Stamped ticket.

Id.

Penalty for omitting it.

FROM and after the first day of August 1785, all persons uttering or vending in Great-Britain any gloves, or mittens, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose, for which thete shall be charged a (lamp duty of is.

For every pair of gloves or mittens, sold by retail*

For above 4d. and to lod. - id.

iod. to is. 4d. 2d.

is. 4d. and more - 3d.

All the said duties shall be under the management of the commissioners of (lamps, who, or the major part of them, are to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf.

No person whatsoever, required by this act to be licenced, shall fell any gloves or mittens without a licence, in Great-Britain, upon pain of forfeiting, for every offence, the sum of 20I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

Any two or more of his Majesty's commissioners of damps, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to fell gloves or mittens, within Great-Britain, for the space of one year ; such licence to be renewed annually, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed.

Every person vending gloves or mittens by retail, shall cause the words, dealer in gloves, to be painted Or written in large and legible characters, in some visible place in the front of hisor their house, (hop, or warehouse, on penalty of 5I. for every pair fold without such inscription.

If any person or persons shall cause the words dealer in gloves, to be affixed or pot on the front of his, her, or their house, (hop, or warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit the fumof4ol.

All persons who shall fell any less quantity than twelve dozen pair of gloves or mittens at one time, to any one person, shall be deemed retailers of gloves.

Every pair of gloves or mittens sold by any retail-dealer, shall have affixed upon the inside of the right hand glove of each pair, a damped ticket, in such manner and form as the of of his Majesty's stamp duties shall, from time to time, direct.

If any retail dealer shall fell, or expose to sale, or if any person or persons shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any gloves or mittens, subject to the stamp duties hereby imposed, unless the damp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed, or that shall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or damped with a damp or mark of less denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed ; every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such pair of gloves or mittens so fold, or

expo fed

T

i

1

1

v

Gloves

167

exposed to Tale, or so bought or received in exchange, the sum of 20I. ; and if the party so offending shall be a retail dealer, licensed pursuant to this act, the said of of (lamps shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after conviction of the offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

Nothing in this a ft contained shall extend to any person licensed in pursuance of this a ft, who shall fell to any retailer of gloves or mittens so licensed, any gloves or mittens, although the (lamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same, shall not be affixed.

If any person or persons shall, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties hereby imposed, take off any mark or (lamp, or shall, with the like intent, affix or paile on in any glove or mitten, any ticket, the same having been once made use of for the purpose aforesaid, and shall knowingly fell, or expose to Tale, any pair of gloves or mittens with such ticket so fraudulently cut off, or removed, all and every person and persons so offending, shall forfeit the sum of 20I.

If any person shall fell or buy any such ticket, in order to be again made use of, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 20I.

Either buyer or feller informing against the other, shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred.

Glovers, in their bills, may make a separate charge for the damps.

If any person or persons shall counterfeit any (lamp or mark, directed to be used by this act, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be judged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All powers and provisions, prescribed by any former act, relating to the stamp duties, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed.

All pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided, (if sued for within the space of six calendar months) one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the informer.

But, in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, and shall be recoverable in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, See. by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

Any jo (lice of the peace redding near the place where the offence shall be committed, may hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, and may summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and, upon due proof made thereof, either by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

may

*5 G 3- 55-

If sold to retailers.

Id.

Stamp taken off.

Penalty.

Id.

Stamp agata made use.

Informer indemnified. Stamps may be charged.

Id.

Scamp counterfeited, felony.

Id.

Id.

Penalties, how applied.

Id.

Limited time.

t$G. j.r.

One justice may determine.

L.

168

"Power of appeal

55.

Witness not «p» pearing> punish-tble.

u.

Mitigation of penalty.

Id.

Duties, where paid.

it G. 3. f. 61. Liceofed maga-tine.

Gloves.

maygive judgment, and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture so adjudged on the goods of the offender; and cause faletu be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any ; and, in default of distress, may commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: Any person or persons aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such colts as shall be awarded, in ' case such judgment shall be affirmed, may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general nuarter-sessions; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

If any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 40s.; to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as herein before directed, as to other penalties.

The justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate and leffen such penalties as he shall think fit, foas such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above all costs and charges; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari, into any court whatsoever.

The several duties shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

Good Behaviour. See Surety. Grand Larceny- See Larceny. Greyhound. See Game.

Gunpowder.

VERY person and persons, using any mill or other engine for making of gunpowder, shall, besides the maga-s and storehouses near their mills, have a good and iuf-nt magazine remote from their respective mills, in some enient place to be licensed by the justices, on pain that every

Gunpowder. 169

every person making gunpowder, without having such magazine remote from the mill, shall forfeit 25I. for every month, during which he shall make gunpowder, without having such magazine, and 5I. for every day during which he (not being hindered by stress of weather, or other just impediment) shall wilfully neglect or delay removing the gunpowder made at such mill. It shall be lawful for the justices in sessions, from time to time, to license the erecting or having such mills and offices, or such magazines for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in places, not being within London or Westminster, or any other limits particularly described, the person having 6rft given fourteen days notice in writing of the intentioa to make such application, to an overseer of the poor or churchwarden of the parish or place wherein it is proposed to erect such new mill and offices or magazine, or of an adjoining pa-riffi, if the place be extra-parochial; which overseer or churchwarden shall cause such notice to be publicly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the parish church after divine service. —

And, if the justices in the said sessions shall refuse to grant such licence, tKe party aggrieved may apply to the said justices then present, for a special state of the case, in order that the said case and proceedings may be removed by certiorari into the court of king's-bench. And if the court of king's-bench shall be of opinion, that the justices ought not to have refused such licence, they shall order the justices to grant such licence at their next sessions, and shall award colts on the writ of certiorari, as they shall think (it.

No person shall be liable to any penalty or prosecution under this act, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder without such licence of the justices, in any magazine remote Maker*, when from ahy gunpowder-mill, and already built and used for that liable to penalty* purpose, in any place not being within London or Westminster, or the other limits before described, until the expiration of six calendar months, after an adjudication by the justices that the same is dangerous: And they shall not have power to make such adjudication, except on complaint to them by some houfltolder of the parish or place in which the magazine shall be, and after summons of the owner and examination of witnesses. The justices in sessions, on application by makers of gunpowder, may appoint proper and convenient pieces of placetappointed ground, not being in London or Westminster, or other the li- by fcffieni. mits aforesaid, and not exceeding one acre in any one place, with the use of convenient roads thereto, on which they may erect magazines, after having agreed with the owner for the purchase of the same: And if such owner shall not agree, or by reason of any impediment, cannot agree, the justices shall if-sue a warrant to the sheriff, to summon a jury to appear before them at a time and place appointed, who shall, upon their oaths, enquire into the true value of the said pieces of ground, Jory torsive with the use of such convenient roads thereto. And the juf- ground.

Z tices

Licenced mi lit.

Party refused may apply to king's bench.

170

Verdict re* corded.

Owner) how paid.

xa G. 3. c, 61.

Mill) &c. may he (earthed*

Two justices to levy the penalty*

Limitation of time.

What mill«» Sec* exempted*

What veflela may carry gun* powder.

Gunpowder.

tices may fend for any persons interested, and examine any parties or witnesses upon oath. And the verdict of the jury shall be kept araongst the records of the sessions. And the judgment of the said just ices thereon shall be final. And the sum of money so to be adjudged* not exceeding thirty years purchase, shall be paid to the owner of the ground; and* upon such payment* or in case of refofal to accept the money* then upon leaving the same with the justices for the benefit of the owner, the inheritance of the ground* and the use of the said roads thereto, shall be yelled in the purchaser* his heirs and assigns, for the purpose aforesaid, and not otherwise.

For the more easy discovery of offenders against this act, any justice, on demand made, and reasonable caofe assigned upon oath, may issue his warrant for searching, in the day-time, any house, mill, magazine. Sec. in which such gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this act: And all gunpowder found on such search, and also the barrels, shall be immediately seized by the searcher, till it shall be ad. judged, on a hearing before two justices, whether the same shall be forfeited. All penalties on this act shall be recovered before two justices, on conviction of the offender by confession or oath of one witness, and be distributed, half to the king, and half to jthe informer: And where the penalty is pecuniary, it shall be levied by distress 5 and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour* not exceeding six months* nor less than three. Prosecution to be commenced within fourteen days after seizure of the gunpowder, or commission of the offence where there shall not be any seizure. This act shall not extend to any mills or other buildings erected for making gunpowder in any lands belonging to his majesty ; or to the keeping of gunpowder at any of his majesty's store-honfes or magazines ; or to hinder the trial of gunpowder by his majesty's officers; or to the keeping of gunpowder at the magazines now erected at Barking Creeksmouth* in the county of Essex, Eryth Level* in the county of Kent, or the magazines near Liverpool, or the city of Bristol; or to the carriage of gunpowder to or from the king's magazines, under a special order from the board of ordnance; or to the carriage of gunpowder with forces on their march, or with the militia during their annual exercise* or which shall be sent for the use of such forces or militia. Also, this act shall not extend to hinder any person from carrying an unlimited quantity of gunpowder, in close decked vessels. See. Sec. from any vessels lying below Black-wall, or from such magazines lying below Blackwall, and going to any place beyond sea, or coastwise.

Gun?.

I

i

1

J

1

1

4

1

i

Ouns. See Game,

171

Habeas Corpus. See Bail.

Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

For the Duty on Coaches, fee p. 45.

IF any jserson shall refuse to pay, or shall deface any coach 9

or chair, any justice may grant his warrant to bring him aulh0*

before him; and, on proof upon oath, may award satisfaction 7* to the party, and, on refusal to pay, may bind him over to the next sessions, who may determine the same.

And if any hackney coachman or chairman shall refuse to go at, or shall exalt more for his hire, than the several rates limited by this act, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 40s. to be levied, if not paid, by distress.

If any hackney coachman shall refuse to go at, or shall exalt 1 57.

more for his hire thanis according to law, he shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 5]. nor less than ios. to be recovered as above.

The breach of the bye-laws, and of these rules and orders, to G. 3. r# 44* may be punished by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailif, or ai com*

other magistrate, where the offence shall be committed, in like m,®oner,# manner as by the of And all penalties levied by any justice, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, shall by them be transmitted to the receiver-general of the duties on hackney coaches and chairs ; and they shall also transmit a certificate W(ut to wjtj, thereof to the of, within ten days after levying such the penalties, penalty, on pain of 10I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Hackney Coaches.

BY this all, from Sept. 4, 1784, an additional duty of 5s. 14 £ 3 *

is to be paid for all licences to keep or drive any hackney c* a7* coach within the cities of London and Westminster, or the fub-urbs, or weekly bills of mortality. The duty to be paid monthly, and all the directions, provisoes. Se. of former acts to be observed.

All licences, in future, to be granted under payment of 10s. *4 3

weekly rent. Ct

By 26 G. 3. e, 72, the former rates cease, and the following, from and after the iftof August, 1786, take place:

d.

For — not exceeding one mile and a quarter, - 10

For — not exceeding two miles, - - 16

7f 2 For — *

172

Hackney Coaches.

*4. G. yjtjf. 1.

*. *7.

Id.

Mourning

coaches.

Id.

Carts or dray*.

Id.

Penalties, hoi recovered.

jt 6. 3. c. 47. Hackney coachmen compilable within the cases heiein specified j

bow far compellable at any boor of the right.

Persons hiring coaches after fen-let, when to pay an additional fare.

For — not exceeding two miles and a half, - 20

For every half mile, an additional - -06

For — not exceeding three quarters of an hour of time, I o From three quarters to an hour, - - 16

From one hour to not exceeding one hour and twenty

minutes, - - - 20

For every period of twenty minutes from the first hour

and twenty minutes, - 06

For a day of twelve hours, - - 14 6

After twelve hours, to be paid for by the aforesaid rules. Hackney coachmen, by this act, are punishable by summons, either before of or magistrates.

Persons driving a mourning coach or hearse without a number, within five miles of Temple-bar, may be fumtnoned before the com mi (lion ers, and fined 5I.

Every cart or dray, &c. within five miles of Temple-bar, or in the bills of mortality, shall have the owner's name and place of abode entered at the hackney coach office, and affixed, together with the number of the carriage, on some conspicuous part thereof.

The penalties and forfeitures are recoverable as by former laws, and the additional duty to be paid into his majesty's exchequer, and kept distinct from all other branches of the public revenues.

From and after July $, 1792, every hackney coachman, licenced by the of for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, and his, her, or their renter or driver, plying for hire within the cities of London or Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, shall be obliged and compellable, on everyday of the week (unless he or they shall have been out twelve hoors, or shall have any other reasonable excuse to be allowed of by the said of, or the justice before whom any such matter shall be brought in question), to go to any place within the distance of ten miles, in case such coach-man shall have time to return to the said cities by or before fun-fet, or the fare shall undertake to return in such hackney coach.

Every hackney coach-man plying as aforesaid, shall be obliged and compellable, on every day of the week, and at any hour of the night (unless he or they shall have been out twelve hours, or have such other reasonable excuse to be allowed of as aforesaid), to go upon all public high roads, being turnpike roads, or that now are or hereafter shall be lighted up, any where within the distance of two miles and an half from the ends or extreme parts of the several and respective carriageway pavements of the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, where a regular continuation of carriageway pavement doth extend.

Every person hiring a hackney coach to go any further distance than the regular continuation of the carriage-way pave-jnentdoth extend, after fun-fet, shall be liable to pay the coachman.

Hackney Coaches.

man, not only the fare he is by law entitled to, but also six-pence for every distance not exceeding half a mile, that such coach-man shall have to return to the extreme end of the carriage-way pavement, after setting down his fare, unless the fare shall return in such hackney coach ; which additional fare shall and may be recovered by the same ways and means as any xOther fare due to such coach-man is now by law recoverable; and in case of such hackney coach-man's refusal to go, or exacting any more for his hire than as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to the like penalty and punishment as may, by any of the laws now in force, be inflicted in cases of refusal to carry for hire, or demanding, receiving, or taking for hire any greater sum than such hackney coach-man is intitled to.

No proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act, or any order made, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari. If any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, he or they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting, such defendant or^e. fendants shall have treble costs.

Nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend or to lessen or abridge any of the bye-laws now in being Relative to such hackney coach-owners, their renters, or drivers.

This act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and all judges, justices, and other , shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Harbour filling up. See Rivers and Navigation, Hares. See Game.

Hats.

BY this act, for granting duties on licences for vending hats by retail, from OCt. I. 1784, all retailers of hats are to take out a licence annually, and the duties of 3d. 6d. or 1$. and 2s. according to the price of the hat, shall be under the management of the commissioners of (lamps.

The penalty for felling hats without a licence is 50I.

Every retailer of hats shall have the words. Dealer in hats by retail, over the door of his house, on pain of 40s. for each hat fold.

Any unlicensed person putting up those words, shall forfeit 50I.

Stamped

173

32 (7. 3. c. 47*

Proceeding! not to be qua Died for wantot form, or removeable by Certiorari.

General issue. Treble cort*.

Bye-laws relative to hackney coach owneit not hereby abridged.

Public act-

*4<7. 3 .fju

r. 51.

Anaual licence.

*4 G-c. 51.

Penalty for neglect.

Inscription over door.

Hats

174

a4C. 3 . 5. Ticket in the hat.

No starop» penalty.

JJ.

Stairp torn off, penalty.

Id.

Counterfeited|

felony.

JJ.

Suit in six months.

JJ.

One justice.

Id.

Power of appeal.

JJ.

Witnesses refuting.

JJ.

Penalties mitigated.

3 & 10 IPc,

*7.

Hawket's duty.

3^4 An. e. 4.

Penalty for being unli-censed.

9 Gf. xo JV.

t. »7.

Constable refuting aid, to pay 40s.

Stamped paper tickets are to be affixed to the lining of the crown of the hats.

Any person felling a hat, liable to the duties, without a pro. per stamp, shall forfeit 10I.

Any person fraudulently tearing off, or affixing a stamp already used, shall forfeit 20I.

Any person counterfeiting the stamp, to defraud his majesty, shall suffer death as a felon.

Penalties, sued for in six months, shall be divided, half to the king, and half, with full coils of suit, to those who shall inform and sue for the same.

Any neighbouring justice may determine offences, where the penalties do not exceed 20I.

Persons aggrieved by such determination, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions.

Persons summoned as witnesses, but neglecting to appear, without.a reasonable excuse, shall forfeit 40s.

The justice may mitigate penalties to one moiety, over and above all colls and charges.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

THERE shall be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, within the kingdom of England (except a* herein-after excepted), carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, a duty of 4I. for each year.

And if any such person be found trading as aforesaid, with-out, or contrary to such licence; or if, on demand made by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other peace officer of any town corporate or borough,.whereheshallfo trade, he shall not have his licence ready to be produced ; he shall forfeit 12I. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the pariftt wherein the offender shall be discovered; and, for non-payment thereof, shall suffer as a.common vagrant, and be committed to the house of correction.

And if any constable or other officer aforesaid, shall refuseor neglect, upon due notice, or on his own view, to be aiding in the execution hereof, being thereunto required, and be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence shall be committed, he shall forfeit 40s. by distress and sale, by warrant of such justice, half to the poor, and half to the profecotor. And any person may seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person, till he produce his licence, if he have any, or if he be found trading without a licence, for such reasonable time as he may


Hawkers and Pedlars

175

give notice to thecondable, churchwarden, overseer, or feme ocher pari fh officer, who shall carry such person, so seized, before a judice; who shall, either on confession, or proof by witness upon oath, convict the offender, and by his warrant cause the sum of ill. to be forthwith levied by didrefs and sale of the offender's goods, wares, or merchandizes.

From Aug. 1, 1785, every hawker and pedlar travelling on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall pay an additional duty of 4I. for each year.

Every hawker and pedlar travelling with a horle, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the further additional sum of 81. yearly for each bead, over and mentioned, and all other duties.

Every hawker and pedlar selling goods, after June 24, 1786, by any mode of sale whereby the bed bidder shall be deemed the purchaser, shall forfeit 50I. for every offence.

The duties made payable by and 10 /f. c. 27, and all duties payable by this act, shall be paid on taking out the licence, without any discount, to the of for licen-sing hawkers and pedlars, or foroe person or persons authorized by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and seals.

The licence mud be subscribed by two such of.

The penalty for travelling without such licence, is iol.

Every hawker and pedlar refusing to produce his licence to a judice ofjteace, or any person authorized to demand it by the of aforesaid, forfeits iol. Travelling with a forged licence, subjects the offender to a penalty of iol. And lending, or letting a licence to hire, to iol. and the forfeiture of the licence.

Any person whatever may detain any hawker, &c- trading without licence, or refuting to produce it in a reasonable time, in order to give notice to a peace officer to carry such person, (o detained, before (ome of his majetiy's justices of the peace, which said judice is hereby authorized and driftly required, on confession, or due proof by witness upon oath (which he is hereby empowered to administer), to cause the sum of iol. to be forthwith levied by didrefs, or sale of the goods, wares, or merchandize of the offender, rendering the overplus, if any be.

Every condable refuting to atiid in the execution of this act, forfeits iol. for every offence.

Every hawker opening a room or (hop, or exposing to sale any goods. Sec. by retail, within two miles of a market town,

to be measured to the middle of the most central market place, he not being a houdiolder there, forfeits iol. except it be on a market or fair day.

If any hawker. Sec.shall vend his goods in any county, city,

or town, by virtue of his licence, after the justices, at the general

Penalty on offenders.

t$G. 3

Additional duty.

Id,

Further duty.

Id,

Selling by auction.

Id.

Duties, to whom payable*

Licence, subscribed.

Penalty on offenders.

Refusing to produce ii.

cence, See

Forged licence. Letting or leading it.

Id.

Any one may detain.

One justice.

*5 G.3. f.,.

Con ft able refuting.

Not In or near

a town.

Id.

Not after jug. lice's order.

176

Hawkers and Pedlars

*5^-3- 7«-

Hawker's privilege.

Wholesale trader not hawker*

Persons not in* eluded.

Jd.

Penalties) how recovered and applied.

nera! quarter-sessions, have made an order to the contrary, he shall forfeit 10I.; such order to be made at the sessions next after Michaelmas, and not to be in force till nine months after notice given in the newspapers.

Hawkers, &c. who were licensed on June 23, 1785, mayfet of any business in the place where they are resident inhabitants, though they shall not have been brought up to such bu-finess as apprentices for seven years; and they may employ persons who have not been apprentices, notwithstanding this act 5 Eliz. ; nor shall they be removable to their lad legal place of settlement, till they are actually chargeable.

No wholesale trader in British goods shall be deemed an hawker.

Persons not included in this act are, fellers of printed papers, licensed by authority; of fish, fruit, and victuals: makers of any British goods, their children, agents, apprentices, or servants, felling their own manufactures in any market, fair, city, or town; tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, and harness-makers.

Penalties above 20I. to be recovered, with costs of suit, at Wedminder ; half to the king, and half to the informer. All under 20I. before one judice, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witness'es; half to the king, and half to the informer : And, in case of non-payment, to be levied by distress and lale; and, for want of distress, the offender shall be

sent to the county prison for not more than six months, norlefs than one month, as the judice shall thiok (it.

Any witness neglecting to appear, without reasonable ex-Witnessnotap. cufe, or refusing, on appearance, to be examined, forfeits 10J.

Persons aggrieved may, on giving proper security, appeal to the next general quarter-sessions; the cods to be paid by the appellant, if the judgment of the judice is affirmed.

The 25 G. 3. c 78, from Aug. i, 1789, is repealed, so far as relates to the duties, and so far as is not re-enacted by this act.

The act of 9 If? 10 IV, 3. 27. shall be revived from the said day; so far as the same is not hereby altered or explained*

From Aug. 1, 1789, the following yearly duties are to be paid, viz.

Every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other trading person and persons, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse* horses, or otherwise, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall pay a duty of 4I. for each

pearing

Id.

ao G. 3. 26m

Partial repeal or former acts.

Repealed in pare, by 29 3. c,26.

Duties by this ad.

year.

Additional duty. Every person so travelling with a horse, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the sum of 4I. yearly, for each bead he or (lie shall so travel with, over and above the said (ird-mentioned duty of 4I.

It

Hawkers and Pedlars.

177

J ng person, going from town to town, or to other men's

houses, and travelling either on foot or with horse or hories, Not to fell by either by opening a room or (hop,. and exposing to sale any auctioa. goods by retail, in any town, parish, or place (such person not being a housholder there, or the same not being the afual c place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on bull* ness), to fell by himself or herself, or by any auctioneer (whether licensed or not), broker, appraiser, or other person, on , > his or her behalf, any goods or wares, by knocking down of hammer, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the highest bidder shall be deemed the purchaser; and every person and persons so felling, contrary to such prohibition, mall forfeit and pay, for every offence, the fom of 50I.

Every hawker, pedlar, &c. shall, at the time of receiving What to be . his or her licence, without any discount, pay all duties im- done to obtain posed upon him or her respectively, to the of *'<"* the time being for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or feme person authorized or deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and seals ; and, upon payment thereof, and not otherwise, a licence shall be granted to them, subscribed by the said of, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trade, according to the true intent and meaning of this and the act made in the reign of King William the Third, and according to the duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such licence.

Before any person or persons shall be intitled to receive any licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such person or per-I Tons shall produce to the commissioner or of, or I their deputy or deputies, appointed for licensing hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other trading persons as aforesaid,

: v a certificate, signed by some one clergyman officiating within Certifies* from the parish, chapelry, or place, wherein such person so applying for such licence has his usual residence, and also by two reputable inhabitants of the said parish, chapelry, or place, attesting that the person so applying is of good character and reputation, and is a fit person to be licensed to exercise the trade of a hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman.

The certificate so to be produced, shall be in the form or to the effect following:

] We9 A. B, the Mintfter, and C. and E, F, being tw Fo*® of eerti.

ho*/holders residing at in the parish ®c*ta* f chapelry|,or otherwise, as the case may be] of in the county of do hereby , that G. H, hath

been kntmun to us for the space of years lafi pafit

an A during all that time hath nfually r.efided in the said parish schapelry, or otherwise, as the case may be] of and is a person of good character and , and is a ft -

A a

M

178

Hawkers and Pedlars.

fan to be lietn/ed to exercise the trade of hawker, pedlar, and

petty chapman Dated the day of

B. Minifer.

£* Honjholderi

ag G. 3. c. *6.

Inscription.

Penalty,

iiccnfiU

if un-

R very person who shall trade with, or under colour of, such licence, shall cause to be written, painted, or printed, in large legible Roman capitals, upon the most conspicuous part of every pack, box, bag, trunk, case, cart, or waggon, or other vehicle of conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her goods, wares, and merchandizes, and of every room and (hop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every hand-bill or advertisement, which he or she shall give out, distribute, or publish, the words Hawker, together with the number, name, or other mark or marks of distindioa, so written or printed upon his or her licence; and every such person, in any respect, making default therein, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of 10I.

If any person to whom such licence shall not have been so granted, shall write, paint, or print, or cause to be written, painted, or printed, upon any pack, cart, waggon, or other vehicle or conveyance, for any goods, or in any room or (hop in which he or she shall fell any goods, wares, or merchandizes, the words Licensed Hawker, or Licen/ed Pedlar, or any other word or words to that effect; every person so offending shall forfeit, for each offence, the sum of 10I. coeds. Jf any hawker, pedlar, &c. shall be convicted of dealing in,

or felling any kind of smuggled, contraband, or prohibited goods, fraudulently or difboneflly procured, either by them* (elves, of through the medium of otners with their privity and knowledge, every such trading person shall, from and after such conviction, forfeit his or her licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new licence; and that, over and above all such forfeitures, to which he or she shall be by law liable for such illicit -and illegal trafficking and dealing.

If any such hawker, pedlar. . shall trade as aforesaid, without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall be allowed

t

1

kcJufinp to pro. by such licence, such person shall, for each and every such of-

OOCC a licence. r' _ rr - __ j _ r *

fence, forfeit the sum of 10I.; and if any person trading under any licence, upon demand made by any person authorized or appointed to demand such licence, by the of for licensing hawkers, pedlars. Sec. for the time being, or any two of them, under their hands and seals, and, upon producing or shewing such authority, or upon demand made by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace, where he or she shall so trade, or by any officer of the customs or excise, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or

her

:ed

Hawkers and Pedlars

179

her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce unto such person authorized or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such jo dice of the peace, &c. the person so refilling, or not having his or her licence ready to produce, flia.ll forfeit iol. 5 and, for non-payment thereof, shall suffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the house of correction.

If any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences, by this act directed to be granted, or travel with, or produce any such forged or counterfeit licence, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of tool.

In case any person shall let out to hire or lend any licence, or shall trade with, or under colour of, any licence in which his or her own real name shall not be inserted, the person letting out to hire or lending any such licence, and the person so trading with any licence granted to any other person, shall each of them forfeit the sum of 40I.; and, in case any person shall be convicted, or have judgment against him for lending his or her licence to any other person or persons, contrary to this act, such licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

Any person or persons may seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, &c. who shall be found trading without a licence, and who, being found trading, shall refuse or neglect to pro. duce to such person or persons a licence according to this act, after being required so to do, for a reasonable time, in order to give notice to a con liable, or other peace-officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry such persons so seized, unlei's they shall, in the mean time, produce their respective licences, before someone of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence shall be committed; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and llridlly required to examine into the fail; and, upon due proof, either by confession of the party offending, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which the said justice is hereby impowered to administer), that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no such licence being produced by such offender before the said justice, to con* vi& the offender of trading without a licence ; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said sum of 40I. to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures aforesaid; and, in the mean time, to commit such offender to the common gao| A 4 2or

GoogI<

29 G. 3. e. »6* Forging a licence.

Lending or hiring oat alicence.

Person offending, how dealt with.

i8o

Hawkers and Pedlars

«9 G.j.f.

Constible M aid and assist*

Penalty on H*

firing.

Not to fell to or near city, town, Scc.

except in pub* lie market, 4c#

Penalty on of* faodert.

9 G 3. e. *6. Privilege to certain hawkers*

or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the lame shall be otherwise paid or satisfied by such offender.

If any con liable, or other officer of the peace, shall refitfe or neglect, upon due notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and affiding in the execution of this or the former act of 9 to W. 3. being thereunto required, every such officer, being thereof convicted, upon his confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any joftice of the peace where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of 10I.

No hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, or opening a room or (hop, and expoling to sale any goods, wares, or merchandizes, by retail, in any town, parish, or place, such person not being a housholder there, or the same not being an usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on business, shall fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares. c. in any city or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the dillance of two miles from the middle of the most central market place of such city or market town, by the moll usual or common roads, on pain of forfeiting and paying, for every such offence, the sum of 10I.

But nothing contained shall extend to hinder any person or persons from felling, or exposing to sale, any sort of goods or merchandizes in any public mart, market, or fair, but such person may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this act.

If any hawker, pedlar. Sec. shall vend any goods in any such city, town, or place, contrary to any of the provisions in this act contained, such hawker, pedlar. See. shall be liable to the like penalties as are by this act in (lifted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading persons travelling without licence.

Any person or persons who* on the first day of May 1789, was or were duly licensed to trade as hawkers and pCdlars, may exercise any craft, mystery, or occupation, used or occupied within this realm, in any place where they shall be re-fident inhabitants, although they shall not have been brought up in such craft seven years as apprentices, and also may set any person on work in such craft. although such person shall not have been apprentice therein as aforesaid ; any penalty contained in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. containing divert orders

for artificers, labourers, serv ants in , and , to

the contrary notwithstanding; and if prosecuted and found guilty, shall be intitled to double costs; no such persons, their

wives

Hawkers and Pedlars

*8t

wives or children, during the time they shall use and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or place, shall be removeable to their last legal place of settlement, until they shall become ad u ally chargeable.

No person being a wholesale trader in goods, wares, or ma-nufadures of Great Britain, and felling the same by v/hole-sale, shall be deemed a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other ad relative to hawkers; all persons felling by wholesale only, shall go from hoofe to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers, who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being subjedor liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in this or in any of the said acts, touching hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen.

Nothing in this act shall extend to prohibit any person or persons from felling any printed papers, licensed by authority, or any fish, fruit, or viduals; nor to hinder the real worker or maker of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Great-Britain, or his, her, or their children, apprentices, or known agents or servants, usually residing with such real workers or makers only, from carrying abroad and selling by retail, or otherwise, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town $ nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness-mend-ers, or other persons usually trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper materials for mending the same.

All pecuniary penalties which shall be incurred under this act, of greater sum than 20I. shall be recovered, together with costs of suit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt or information 5 and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or foe for the same.

Where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum of 20I. it shall be recoverable before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, where the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence either by voluntary confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of every such last* mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and, in case of non-payment, the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, shall cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, and the overplus, after deduding the penalty and the expence of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner ; and shall also commit the offender to the prison of such county. . there

to

Wholesale trader* not hawkers.

Licensed printed papers, Set* not included.

Penalties, how

recovered and applied.

39 G. 3. e. 16. Under aol. one justice.

182

Hawkers and Pedlars

*9 G. 3. c. 2f,

Tim« of im-frifonment.

fowerof appeal.

perm of con« ▼idiom

to remain until the said penalties and the reasonable charges of taking the said didrefs, shall be levied by such didrefs and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such offender ; and it shall be lawful for any such judice of the peace, by his warrant, to cause such offender to be apprehend* cd and brought before him to answer to any charge or complaint for any such penalty, and to commit such offender to prison as aforesaid, until the hearing of such charge or complaint, tinlcfs he or she shall and do enter into a recognizance before such justice, with two sufficient sureties, in a sufficient sum, to be ordered by such judice, to appear at the hearing of such charge or complaint.

No person committed to any gaol or house of correction, for any offence committed against this act, shall be detained in such gaol or house of correction, for any longer space of time than three months.

If any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or them* selves aggrieved by the judgment of any such judice, then he, she, or they, upon entering into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by such justice, to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with a sum, which, in the judgment of such justice, shall be adequate to the amount of the colls which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of such penalties, forfeiture*, and costs as shall be adjudged, in case such judgment shall be af-affirmed, shall or may appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter-sessions for the county, c* who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon, and finally to hear and determine the same, or, at their discretion, to date the facts specially for the determination of his Majesty's court of king's bench thereon ; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices, or the court of king's bench, to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall feetq meet.

A conviction in the form, or to the effect following, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the evidence, and without alledging more than the fubdance of the offence, in all cases wherein any judice of the peace hath power to convict by virtue of the present act:

it remembered, Thai on the of

in the year of ouf Lord at

in the county of A. B. came before me, C. D. Esquire,

one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said , ref ding

near the place where the ojfence h mentioned was committed, and informed me that E. F of in the /aid

county of [here set forth the fatt for which the

information is laid] ; whereupon the said E. F. being duly Jum-p}oned to answer the said charge, appeared before me [and achaow

Hawkers and Pedlars. 183

knowledged find voluntarily confejfed the therein stated to he 29 3* c*

true but in his (or her) defence alUdged [here setting forth the substance of the defence] ; or voluntarily confejfed the J'aid charge to he true; or did not make any defence against the said charge;

whereupon the same was fully proved on the oath a credible voitness ; or said that he (or Jht) not guilty of the said

. offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the oath of G, H*

a credible wifue/s [or as the case shall be], or did not appear before me pursuant to the saidfummcns, but the said charge was fully proved on the oath ofG,H. a credible witness [or as the case may be] 5 and therefore it manifefily appearing to me that the said E. '

is guilty of the offence charged in the said , do hereby

conviB him (or her) of the said offence, and do adjudge that he (or 1

Jhe) bath forfeited the sum of

(or his (or her) licence, and the sum of ) of lawful money of Great-Britain, to be distributed as the law -re£tst according to the form of the statute in such case made and provided, Given under my hand and seal the day of

No conviction upon this act shall be removed or remove- ... able, by writ of certiorari or otherwise, into his Majesty's removable.00* court of king's bench, or any other court, save upon an appeal, as by this act is directed.

Every justice, before whom any person hath already been Justice ccoont-convicted of any offence, by virtue of any of the acts hereby *.We for P*®*1* repealed, and having received for his Majesty's use any part or ties recoref*®* share of any penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, under such conviction, for which he has not already accounted, shall, within six months after the patting of this act, transmit to the of for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, a schedule or schedules, containing the names of the persons so co'nvided, the day on which they were convicted, their ref-spective offences, and the respective sums now remaining in 'the hands of such justice for his Majesty's use ; and every justice, before whom any such person shall be convicted of any offence under this act, shall take and receive his Majesty's share of the penalty levied or paid by virtue of such conviction ; and every such justice, his executors or administrators, shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such sums of money as shall be remaining in his or their hands at the time of the patting of this act, at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace after the passing of this act, and all such sums which he shall so take or receive upon any conviction by virtue of this act, at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace after he shall have so taken or received the same, into the hands of the clerk of the peace, or other such like officer, for the county, &c. within which such conviction shall have been made, who is hereby di-reded to remit the same forthwith, without fee or reward, to the said of for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or to such person or persons as the greater

part

184

Hawkers and Pedlars

*9 G. j. . »6*

Power of former acts.

Penalty on wit-nelles refuting to appear.

Duties, where

paid.

Plaintiff non-suited, treble ewfts.

part of them shall appoint; and every stich justice, his executors or ad mini lira tors, shall, immediately on such'payment made to any clerk of the peace, or other such officer, transmic a like schedule to the said of, or to such person or persons as they, or the greater part of them, shall appoint.

All and every the powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, and all things whatsoever, which in and by the act of King William III* aforesaid, or by any other law now in force concerning the duties by that act granted, are provided, settled, or established (other than so far as the same are incon-fiftent with, or contradictory to any thing in this act contained, and other than in such cases for which different provisions are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised and applied in managing, railing, collecting, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said powers, authorities. Sec. were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

If any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, or to the herein-before mentioned act, made in the reign of King William III. and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, to be allowed of by such juliice or justices, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, and give evidence before such justice or justices, every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of iol. to be recovered as the other penalties.

The several duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the cashier, for the time being, of the duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges being de-dufted) into the receipt of the Exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are directed to be paid.

If any person or persons shall be sued for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such perftm or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if a verdict Aall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or judgment shall be recovered against him or them, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs Aall discontinue his, her, dr their action, or be nonprossed therein, such defendant or defendants Aall have treble costs awarded to him or them, again It such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Hawks and Hawking. See Game. Hedge-breaking. See Wood.

Hemp.

Hemp.

185

IT shall not be lawful for any person to water any hemp or 335*'* *e- *7* flax, in any river, running water, stream, brook, or other °"e.

common pond, where beasts use to be watered, on pain that every person offending shall forfeit 20s. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, or any other who shall sue in any court of record, leet, &c.

Every grower of hemp or flax, who shall be entitled to the 2| . 3. . 58. bounty of 3d. per (lone for hemp, and 4d. for flax, shall (ign Bounty, how and exhibit his claim to one of the justices of the peace for the county, mentioning, in such claim, of what crop the same is, 4

and the farm or ground on which the hemp or flax grew 3 which claim shall be likewise attested by two of the pan(h of* fleers; and which claim, foattefted, the said justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit to the justices for the county, riding, or place, at their next general quarter- sessions.

The justices, at their Michaelmas sessions, are to advertise the bounties granted by this act, with the conditions necessary to be complied with before the same can be received. And, at their Midsummer quarter*sessions in each year, to make up a (fate of the claims which have been Anally settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the of for trade and plantations. And the receivers of the land-tax shall whom,

pay, on order of the quarter-sessions, the sums appropriated for each county. The justices shall transmit to the of for trade. See. a state of the claims made, and their proceedings thereupon. This act was made to continue only Eipiredin 178/. five years from the first day of August, 1782, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IF any person shall damnify or destroy, without consent of 18 14.

the society of the free British fishery, any of the nets, fails, Deftiojing nets, cordage, stores, or other materials belonging to the said so- *c# cictv, he shall, on conviction on the oath of two witnesses before onejustice, forfeit to the society treble value, by distress 3 and, for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made. Prosecution to be within six calendar months.

Herring Fiftiery.

Hides and Skins. See Leather* High-Treason. See Treason*

B b

Highways

i86

»5 G. 3. r. 7$!

Scfiiom, when to be holdeo.

Notice to be given.

Id.

Ten dlyt notice of time and place.

Id.

Day preclfely fixed.

Ten persons to be named*

or as many as are resident.

Id.

Constable's

dury.

Highways in general.

Of the special Sessions to be held for the Highways#

THE justices shall hold a special sessions for the highways, in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-fefliors yearly. And any two justices, within their respective limits, may, whenever they shall judge proper, hold a special' sessions, and adjourn the same as they shall think fit 5 causing notice to be given of the time and place of holding such special sessions, and of the adjournments thereof, to the several justices acting and residing within such limits, by the high constable or other proper officer.

Appointment of Surveyors.

THE justices shall hold such Michaelmas special sessions as aforesaid, at such convenient place, within their respective limits, as they in their discretion shall judge proper; and shall give notice of the time and place to the constables of the ref-pective parishes, town ships, or places, at lead ten days before the holding of the said sessions.

On September 22, yearly, unless that day be Sunday, and then on the day following, the constables, churchwardens, surveyors of the highways, and housholders assessed to any parochial or public rate, shall affiemble at the church or chapel, or if there be no church or chapel, then at the ofual place of public meetings, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon ; and the major part of them, so assembled, shall make a list of the names of at least ten persons living within such district, each of whom hath an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within such district, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of the value of 10I. by the year, or a personal estate of the value of tool, or occupieth a tenement of the yearly value of 30I. And if there shall not be ten persons so qualified, they shall insert in such lift the names of so many as are so qualified, together with the names of so many of the most (efficient and able inhabitants, not so qualified, as shall make up the number ten, if so many can be found ; if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the office of surveyor of the highways.

And the constable shall, within three days after such meeting, transmit a duplicate of such lift to one of the justices living near to such parish or place. And shall also, within three days after making the said lift, give personal notice to, or cauie notice in writing to be left at the place of abode of, the several persons contained in such lift, informing them of their being lo named ; to the intent that they may severally appear before the justices at the said special sessions, to accept such office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew cause, if they have

any

187

Highways in general.

any, against their being so appointed. And shall also return and deliver the original lift to the justices, at their said special sessions, to be holden in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-sessions.

And the justices then and there, from the said lifts, according to their discretion, and the largeness of the parish, town-ship, or place, shall, by warrant under their hands and teals, appoint one, two, or more of such persons as aforesaid, if he or they shall, in the opinion of such justices, be qualified for the office; if not, one, two, or more of the other substantial inhabitants, or occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or other hereditaments, within such parish, town ship, or place, living within three miles thereof, and within the same county, fit and proper to serve the office, if any such can be found. — Which appointment shall, by the constable, be notified to every person so appointed, within three days after such appointment, oy serving him with the said warrant, or by leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his house or usual place of abode. And the said justices shall then and there give such of the said surveyors as shall personally appear before them* a charge, for the better performance of their duty.

If any of the persons so appointed, whose names were contained in the lift, and who were served with the said notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the said special sessions and accept the said office, if appointed thereto in manner aforesaid ; or shall not, within six days after being served with such warrant of appointment, signify his acceptance thereof, either in person orby writing, to one of the said justices; he shall forfeit $1, And if any person so appointed, whose name was not contained in the lift, shall refuse or neglect to accept the said office; or shall not, within six days after being served with the appointment, shew, tooneof the justices signing such appointment, sufficient cause why he should not serve such office, he shall forfeit 50s.

But if no such lift shall be made and returned; or if the justices shall make an appointment, and the person appointed shall refuse to serve; the said justices, or any two of them, shall, at the said special sessions, or at some subsequent sessions to be holden within one month after, nominate and appoint some other person whom they shall judge proper, and appoint him a salary out of the said forfeitures and all other forfeitures, fines, penalties, assessments, and compositions, within such district, as they shall think fit, not exceeding one eighth part of what shall have been raised by an assessment of 6d. in the pound for the use of the highways in such district, where any loch assessment hath been raised; and observing the same restriction as near as they can, from the best information they shall be able to get, out of the probable amount of such assessment, where none hath been already made; and the justices may, if they think fit, require the constable and surveyor, or B b 2 any

13 G. 3. c. 78.

One or two surveyors

with a charger U.

Penalty on refuting to ait.

U.

Person with a salary, how paid.

188

1 % C. j.r. 78. Penalty on ne-plcrt of making the lift.

In cities and boroughs.

Id.

Snrteyor's »ffiiUnt.

Not compellable for mote than a year.

Id.

Surveyor* with filaiy, to give bond.

Id.

Abstract of the

*a.

*3 r* 3* 78.

Highways in general.

any of them, to return to the said justices, at such time and place as they mall appoint, an account io writing of such sum which such assessment of 6d in the pound hath raised, or will, in their opinion, raise within such pari ft) or place.

And if the constables, churchwardens, surveyors, and such houlholders as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to make such lift; or if the cor.liable shall not return such lift when made, and such duplicate thereof as aforesaid; nor give such notice or notices, and serve such warrant, as in this act is directed; or if such conilable or surveyor shall neglect to return such account of the amount of such assessment as aforesaid, when required, they shall forfeit 40s. Provided, that in cities, boroughs, and towns corporate, the justices shall not allow any salary, other than such as shall be agreed on by two parts oat of three of the persons assembled in the respective parish, town-ship, or place, within such city, borough, or town corporate.

And in all cases where the justices, upon neglect or refafal of the person so appointed surveyor to ^accept the said office, shall appoint any other with a salary ; they shall appoint one substantial inhabitant of such parish, township, or place, for assistant to such surveyor, until the next annual appointment of surveyors : And if the person so appointed shall, on notice of such appointment, refuse to accept the office, he shall forfeit 50s. And if any second appointed assistant shall refuse to accept that office, he shall, in like manner, forfeit 50s. And, in such case, they may appoint a third person, in like manner, to be assistant to such forveyor; who shall be infilled to these iaft mentioned forfeitures, and also to such further allowance, by way of salary, as the said justices shall think proper ; to be paid as the surveyor's salary is hereby directed to be paid. Provided, that no person, so appointed assistant for one year, shall be liable to be appointed assistant again for the same parish, township, or place, within three years next following such appointment, without his consent.

And the surveyor of any parish, township, or place, who shall not reside therein, but shall (ie appointed with such salary as aforesaid, shall (if required) give bond, upon paper without starop (for which the justice's clerks shall have 6d. and no more), to account for the money that shall come to his hands as surveyor.

The justices shall, at every special sessions to be held in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, cause to be delivered a printed abllrad of the most material parts of this act, to every surveyor to be then appointed by them, as the charge hereby directed to be given. And the surveyors shall pay to the justice's clerks, for the appointment and charge, the sum of one shilling.

If two parts out of three, of those so to be assembled for the nomination of surveyors, shall agree in the choice of any particular

Highways in general.

ticular person of (kill and experience to serve the office of surveyor, and in settling a certain salary for his trouble therein, and shall return the name of such person, together wvith the lilt, to the justices at their said sessions, to be holden in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions; the said justices may, if they think proper, appoint such person to be surveyor for such parish, township, or place, and allow him the salary mentioned in such agreement; which shall be raised and paid in the same manner as the salary herein before mentioned is directed to be raised and paid.

If a surveyor shall die, or become incapable of executing his office, before the next special sessions for appointing surveyors, two justices, at a special sessions, may appoint another whom they shall think proper, until the next special sessions for appointing surveyors as aforesaid. And if such deceased surveyor had a salary, they may allow the same salary to his successor, in proportion to the time he shall serve the said office.

The surveyor shall, from time to time, give information upon oath to the ju dices, or two of them, of all such highways, and of all bridges, causeways, &c. as are out of repair, and ought to be repaired by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, by reason of any grants. c. and the said justices shall limit a time for repairing the same: And if such repairs shall not be effectually made within the time so limited, the said justices shall present such highways, bridges, cause-ways, or pavements, together with the person or persons liable to repair the same, at the next general quarter-sessions for the place where such highway shall lie : And the justices there, if they feecause, may direct the prosecution to be carried on at the general expence of such county, city, precind, or liberty, and to be paid out of the general rates within such jurisdiction.

And where any lands have been or shall be given for the maintenance of causeways, pavements, highways, and bridges; the persons enfeoffed or truded therewith shall let them to farm at the most improved yearly value, without line. And the justices, in their open sessions, shall esquire, by such ways and means as they shall think fitting, into the value of such lands; and order the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof, according to the direction of the , donor, if they find that the persons lb intruded have been negligent or faulty in the performance of their trull. Except such lands as have been given, for the uses aforesaid, to any college or hall in either of the universuies of this kingdom, which have visitors of their own.

Proportion

189

Surveyor, with ("alary, inifead of parish surveyor.

Id.

Surveyor dying*

dec.

Id.

Bridget, csofe-wjys, See. to DC reported 10 Ch« ju. tices.

Justice's prt* teuuncac.

Id.

Trustees may

let UnJj for bridges.

J u(lice's enquiry Inc . truliee's conduct.

Evcept'nn of univerliht*.

19°

Highways in general*

l*G. 3. *. 78. Duty of per fool keeping team, *c.

Duty of those who hive no t earn.

Payment of 6d. in the pound*

Duty of person occupying in aiutkev pari A.

Team with one labourer* if under 30U

Cafe where the survivor has of iion«

Person* keeping can rages.

13 G. 3. e. rS; Terms o composition.

Proportion of labour.

. Every person keeping a waggon* cart* or wain, and three or more draught horles, shall be liable to perform statute duty with the same, in the parish or place where he relides, six days in every year (if so many days shall be found necessary), between Michaelmas and Michaelmas, atfuch times, and in fuels places as shall be appointed by the surveyors; and also

able men with such carriage; and these six days duty shall be deemed his duty for 50I. a year, and for every other, 50I. per annum, which he shall occupy in the same parish, or in any other parish, he shall fend his team with not left than three horses, and two able men with the same, for six months.

If he shall occupy 50I. per annum, and shall not keep a team, he shall find and fend one.

Every person not keeping a team, but occupying under 50!. shall pay id. for every day's statute labour for every 20s. per annum, in the parish where he relides.

Every person keeping a team, and occupying under 50I. in any other parish than that wherein he relides, shallalfopay id.

in lieu of every day's statute labour for every 20s. per annum, and also id. for for every 20s. above 50I. and less than tool, and so for every progressive 20s. so occupied, which shall fall short of the further mcrease of 50I. to be paid to the fnrveyor of the parish or place where such lands, &c. lie.

No person keeping a team, and occupying under 30I. a year, shall he obliged to fend more than one labourer with such team.

Every person who shall keep a cart with one or two horses, shall perform his duty with such cart and horse or horles, and one labourer; or shall pay for the lands. . which he occupies, at the option of the surveyor.

Every person keeping a chaise or other wheel carriage, but not a team, nor occupying col. a year in the parish wherein he resides, shall pay 1$. per day for every day's statute duty for every horse, which he shall use in such carriage, or shall pay according to the value of the lands which he occupies, at the option of the surveyor.

Composition oflabour.

ANY person liable to perform the duty by fending a team, draught, or plough, with men, horses, or oxen, in manner aforesaid, may compound for the same, if he thinks fit, by paying to the surveyor such sura as the justices, at their Michaelmas special sessions in every year, shall adjudge to be reasonable, not exceeding 6s. nor less than 3s. for each team,

' draught.

Highways in general. 191

draught, or plough, for each day; and, in default of their adjudging the same, then the Aims of 4s. 6d. for every cart, and one horse or beall of draught, 2s. — «for every cart with two Jiorfes or beasts of draught, 3s. — for and in lieu of each day's duty. And every inhabitant liable to perform such duty or labour, and not chargeable in any other respect, may compound for 4d. each day.

Provided, that if it shall appear to the justices, at their spe- *3 7&

cial sections to be held in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, that in any place there will be a difficulty in procuring thenecedary carriage, or a sufficient number of labourers, without paying high and extravagant prices for the ffcme; the said justices may order the team duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind, except In what cafef in respect of such teams as belong to persons who do not oc- duty i* kind. copy 30I. a year; they also may order the labourers, or such part of them as they shall think fit, to perform the labour in kind, on being paid for such labour the usual wages given to labourers in such paridi, town ship, or place, deducting thereout the sum of 4d. for each day, being the composition hereby allowed for labourers.

Provided, that if part of such teams or labourers only are re- W, quired, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices in lbme given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth part thereof ; and the fnrveyor shall, in that case, at a public vedry, put Whet all am the names of all the persons liable to fend such teams into one wanted^ hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform such labour into another hat or box ; and some inhabitant, then present, shall draw out such number from each, as shall be equal to the proportion so ordered by the justices; and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year.

Which order of the said justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compound-' ing, and shall be binding and effectual to all intents and purposes. "

And if any person shall keep a team, draught, or plough, /</. and shall m>t occupy 30I. a year in the panfti, town {hip, or Power of mlti. place where he shall reside, but shall in part maintain his horses If ion»Jn 0* and beasts of draught used in such team, upon or from lands which he shall occupy in one or more parish or parishes; it shall be lawful for the justices, at some special sessions, to mitigate and reduce the duty or composition in such manner as they shall think reasonable.

Working.

EVERY man inhabiting in any paridi, township, or place, ,3 3. c. 7U

and being at the age of 60 years, not chargeable in any other Who compel matter respecting the highways, for 4I. a year, or upwards, UWe*

and

192

13 0*. 78.

Penalty for de-iault.

Application of penalty.

Id.

What fiift

Bienoed.

u.

Where to be fought*

Where not.

Stones froin lane's,

Highways in general. j

and not being, bona an apprentice or menial servant, nor V

having performed the statute duty or paid composition for the same in any other parish, township, or place, for that year,

shall, by himself or one sufficient labourer, work six days, for f eight hours in every of the said days, as he shall be directed by the furvevor. And every person making default in perform* ingfuch labour, at the time and place, and in the manner di-rested by this act, shall, for t*very such neglect, forfeit the sum of is. 6d. (1. e. 9$. for six days neglect of personal labour, or not paying the composition) ; and for not fending a full , team with two men, 20s. per day. A cart with one boric and one man, 3$.sper day. . I

All which forfeitures shall be applied for the u(e of the highways within the parish, township, or place where the ]

same shall arise. And the surveyor shall, with all convenient |

speed, proceed for the recovery thereof, that the same may be ' i recovered before he makes up his accounts. . J

Thejuilices, at a special sessions, may, by writing under their hands and seals, order those highways (not being turn- 1 pike), which, in their opinion, do moll want repair, to be j hrlt amended, and at what time, and in what manner; according to which order (if such there be), the surveyors shall proceed within their respective limits. If the justices make no „ such order, then the surveyers shall have the like power of direction.

Materials, how to be procured.

1

IT !!»all be lawful for such surveyor, for the use aforesaid, ) in any waste land, or common ground, river, or brook, within his dillri&, or within any other parHh, township, or place, f wherein gravel, sand, chalk. Hone, or other materials, are likely to be found (in case sufficient cannot be conveniently ] had within the parish, township, or place, where they are to I be employed, and in case sufficient shall be left for the use of the roads in such other parish, township, or place), to search for, dig, get, and carry away the same ; so as he do not thereby divert or interrupt the course of such river or brook, or prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford ; nor dig or get the same out of any river or brook within the distaftce - j of 100 feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like j distance of any dam or wear. And likewise to gather Hones ; lying upon any lands or grounds within the parish, township, or place where such highway shall be, for such service and purpose: And to take and carry away so much of the said materials, as by him shall be thought necessary for the amendment of the said highways, without making any satisfaction for the J said materials. But no such Hones shall be gathered without J

the j

Highways in general.

the con Tent of the occupier of the lands, or a licence from a justice, after having summoned the occupier, and heard his reasons (if he shall appear and give any) for refilling his con* sent. The same on turnpike-roads.

And it shall be lawful for the surveyor, for the use afore fat d, to search for, dig, get, and carry away sand, gravel, chalk, stone, or other materials, ifsufficient cannot conveniently be had within such waste lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, in and through any of the several or inclosed grounds of any person whomsoever, within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be wanted, or, by licence of two justices at a special sessions, within any other parish, township, or place, adjoining or lying near to the highway for which such materials shall be required, if it shall appear to such justices that fuiiicient materials cannot be conveniently had in the parish, township, or place, where such highways lie, or in the waste lands, or common grounds, rivers, or brooks of such adjacent parish, township, or place, and that a sufficient quantity of materials will be left for the use of the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be (such lands not being a garden, yard, avenue to a house, lawn, park, paddock, or inclosed plantation); the surveyor making such satisfaction for the damage to be done to such lands by the getting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between him and the owner, occupier, or other person interested, in the presence, and with the approbation, of two or more substantial inhabitants ; and if they cannot agree, then to be settled by a justice of the limit where the lands lie.

And if any person shall dig, or cause to be dug, materials contrary to the directions of this act, whereby any bridge, mill, building, dam, highway, ford, mines, or tin works* may be damaged or endangered ; he shall forfeit, not exceeding $1. nor less than 20s. at the discretion of the court or justices before whom complaint shall be made.

Where a sufficient quantity of stone, gravel, chalk, or other materials, cannot be provided and carried by the labourers and teams within any parish, township, or place ; the surveyor shall contract for the getting and carrying thereof (in presence of the assistant, if any such be appointed), at a meeting to be held for that purpose; of which ten days notice in writing shall be given, by fixing the same upon the door of the diurch or chapel, or, if there be no church or chapel, av the most public place there; which notice shall specify the work to be done* and the time and place for letting thereof. And if the surveyor shall have any share or interest in such contract, or in any other contract for work or materials, or shall, upon his own account, let to hire any team, or sell or dispose of any timber, stone, or other materials (unless a licence in writing for the sale of such materials, or for letting to hire such team, be first obtained from a justice), he shall forfeit 10I. and be for ever after incapable to be employed as a surveyor with a fa-lary.

193

with leave of occupier.

13 G, 3. c: ;S«

Surveyor's

power,

with leave of nrojuikei«

Satisfaction €0 be made.

Id.

No damage to be done*

Id.

Surveyor may contract for materials.

Fraudulent surveyor punishable.

Cc

If

194

13 0,3. 78*

Pit or holeuo-fenced.

to Ke filled up *i(hin three days.

Id,

Penalty for neglect.

How applied.

V.

Tretti dec. near the road*

Hedges ctrt.

Power ofjof-tieea.

Penalty for ne-gltd.

Highways in general.

If any surveyor, or person employed by Him, shall, by reason of the searching for, digging, or getting any gravel, find, Hones, chalk, clay, or other materials, make any pit or hole in such lands, rivers, or brooks, as aforesaid, wherein such materials shall be found; he shall forthwith cause the same to be sufficiently fenced off, and such fence supported and repaired, during such time as the said pit or hole shall continue open; and, after having dug up sufficient materials in such pit or hole, he shall, within fourteen days, cause the same to be filled up, (loped down, or fenced off, and so continued. And where no materials shall be found, he shall, within three days, can(e such hole or pit to be filled up, levelled, and covered with the turf or clod which was dug out of the same.

And if such surveyor or other person shall neglect to fill of, (lope down, or fence off such pit or hole, in manner and within the time aforesaid, he shall forfeit 10s. And if he shall ne-gleft to fence off such pit or hole, or to (lope down the same, as herein before directed, for six days after he shall have received notice for either of those purposes from a justice, or from the owner or occupier of such several ground, river, or brook, or any person having right of common within such common or waste lands, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding 10I. nor less than 40s.; the same to be applied in the fencing off, filling up, or doping down such pit or hole, and towards repair of the roads in the parish where the offence was committed, as such justice shall direct.

Removing Obstructions and Annoyances*

NO tree, bush, or shrub, shall be permitted to Hand or grow in any highway, within the didance of fifteen feet from the centre thereof, except for ornament or shelter to the house, building, or court yard of the owner thereof.

And if the podessors of the land next adjoining shall not, within ten days after notice given by the surveyor, cot, prone, and plaih such hedges, and cut down or prune and lop such trees; the surveyor may complain to a justice, who shall summon the poflessor of the said lands to appear before the justices, at some special sessions, to answer to the said complaint; and if it shall appear to the justices, at such special sessions, that such poflessor hath not complied with the requisitions of this act, the said justices, upon hearing the surveyor and the poffeflor of such land, or his agent (or, in default of appearance*, on having due proof of the service of such summons), may order such hedges to be cut, plaftied, and pruned, and such trees to be cut down or pruned, in such manner as may best answer the purposes aforesaid. And if the possessoi1 of such land shall not, within ten days, obey such order on notice thereof, he shall forfeit as. for every 24 felt in length of such hedge which shall


Highways in general. 195

t

shall be neglected to be cat and plaihed, and 2s, for every tree 13 G. 3* f. 7s* which shall be neglected to be cut down, or pruned and lopped 5 and the surveyor shall cause the same to be done, and the possessor shall pay, over and above the penalties, the charges and expences of doing the same; to be levied, by distress, by warrant of one justice.

And where the ditches shall not be sufficient to carry off the water which shall lie upon and annoy the highways; in such Ditches dean* case, it shall be lawful for the surveyor, by order of one justice, to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands adjoining or lying near to such highways, for the more easy and effectual carrying off such water from the said highways.

And if any stone or timber, or any hay, draw, stubble, or other matter, for the making of manure, shall be laid in any highway within 15 feet from the centre thereof; and shall not, Ha?, straw, within five days after notice given by the surveyor, or (ome neAr the r#ad* person aggrieved thereby, be removed ; the owner or possessor of the lands adjaceut, or any other person, by order of a justice, may clear the said highway, by removing the stone, timber, hay, draw, dung, or other matter, and have the lame to his own use.

if any person shall encroach by making, or causing to be u. made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any highway not Encroachment* being turnpike road, within the didance of 15 feet from the middle or centre thereof; or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any land or ground, or in ploughing or har- , rowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his plough in or upon any land or ground, within the distance of 15 feet from the . middle or centre of any highway, where the breadth of such highway is formed and marked, or described with certainty, and doth not exceed in breadth 30 feet; he shall forfeit 40s. p to him who shall make information thereof: And the surveyor <D*ty* may cause such hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down, or filled up, at the expence of the person to whom the same shall belong: And one justice, on proof to him made upon oath, may levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges, as the said penalty, by distress.

The surveyor shall, at all times, as he shall judge proper, U. view all the common highways, trunks, tunnels, plats, hedges, ^nreyor'i view, ditches, banks, bridges, causeways, and pavements; and if he shall observe any nuisances, encroachments, obstructions, or annoyances, bc shall giye to any person doing or permitting ^&‘Vi not,ce the same personal notice, or notice in writing to be left at his nui 4acc* usual place of abode, specifying the particulars : And i( such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, shall not be removed, and the ditches, drains, gutters, and water-coiirfes aforesaid este&ually made, (coured, cleansed, and opened ; and such trunks, tunnels, plats, and bridges made and laid; and such hedges properly cut and pruned, within twenty daysafter such notice, then the surveyor shall do the same, and the person ne-

C c 2 glecting

196

Penalty on sot removing it*

13 G. 3. u 78*

lyriver'a negligence*

Kami on carriage.

Penalty*

Offender taken without war* rant.

Highways in general.

glefting shall forfeit, for every foot in length, one penny, and, over and above the said forfeiture, the surveyor shall, by such person, be reimbursed his charges and expences in doing the same ; and if not paid on demand, the surveyor shall apply to a justice, and, on making oath before him of the notice being given as aforesaid, and of the work being done, and of the expences attending the same, the surveyor shall be repaid, by such person, all such charges as shall be allowed to be realbo-able by the said justice; and if not paid on demand, the same shall be levied as other penalties and forfeitures by this act.

If the driver of any cart, car, dray, or waggon, shall ride upon any such carriage in any street or highway, not having some other person on foot or on horsebacjc to guide the same (such carriages as are conduced by some person holding the reins of the horse or horses drawing the same excepted); or if the driver of any carriage whatsoever, on any part of any street or highway, shall by negligence, or wilful misbehaviour, cause any hurt or damage to any person or carriage passing or being upon such street or highway; or shall quit the highway, and go on the other side of the hedge or fence inclosing the same; — or wilfully be at such distance from such carriage, whilst it shall be passing upon the highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horses or cattle drawing the same; — -or shall, by negligence or wilful milbe-haviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free pillage of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects, on the said highways or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn alide and make way for any coach,'chaise, loaded waggon, or cart, or other loaded carriage ; — or if any person shall drive, or aft as the driver, of any such coach, post-chaise, or other carriage, let for hire or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name (as by this act is directed) painted thereon, or shall refuse to discover the true christian and surname of the owner of such respective carriage; he shall, on conviction by confession, view of the justice, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit any sum not exceeding 10s. in case such driver be not the owner of such carriage; and, if he be the owner, then any sum not exceeding 20s. and, in default of payment, be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, unless the same be sooner paid* And every such driver offending in either of the said cases, may, by authority of this act, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before a justice, to be dealt with according to law. And if any driver, in any the cases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his name, the justice may commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or may proceed against him for the

penalty

Highways in general.

penalty by a description of his person and the'offence, and expressing in the proceedings that be refusedtodiscover his name. X And, for the better discovering of offenders, the owner of «very waggon, wain, or cart, and also of every coach, post-j. chaise, or other carriage, let to hire, shall cause to be painted, upon some conspicuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels of the doors of all such coaches, port-chaises, r or other carriages, before the same shall be used in any public highway, his christian name and surname, and place of abode, in large legible lettej-s; and continue the same thereupon so ^ long as such carriage shall be used upon any highway: And r the owner of every common stage waggon or cart shall, over t and above his christian and surname, cause to be painted on the part and in the manner aforesaid, the following words: -

mon ft age waggon or ear/y as the case may be. A nd every person using any such carriage as aforesaid upon any highway, without the said names and descriptions respectively, or caul-tf ingto be painted thereon any fictitious name or place of abode, shall forfeit not exceeding 51, nor less than 20s.

And for preventing obstructions near public bridges; if any

f person, collecting any tolls payable for passing over any pub-

lic bridge with carriages or cattle of any kind, shall keep any p victualling house, alehouse, or other place of public entertainment; or shall fell, or permit to be sold therein, any wine, beer, ale, cyder, spirituous liquors, or other strong liquors, by '* ' retail, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

Direction-Posts, Blocks, Mile-Stones, Water \ Marks, and Battlements of Bridges,

THE justices, at a special sessions, shall issue their precept to the surveyor, where several highways meet, and there is no proper or fulHcient dftection poll or Hone already fixed or erected, requiring him forthwith to cause to be erected or fixed, in the most convenient place where such ways meet, a llone or polt, with inscriptions thereon, in large legible letters, painted on each lide thereof, containing the name or names of the . , next market town or towns, or other considerable place or places to which the said highways lead ; and also at the fevc-ral approaches or entrances to such parts of any highways, as S are subject to deep or dangerous floods, graduated Hones or ports, denoting the depth of water in the dccpell part of the same, and likewise such direction polls or rtoncs as the said justices shall judge to be necessary for the guiding of travellers in the bell and safest track through the said floods or waters : And V if he shall refuse or neglect, lor the space of three months, to cause such Hones or ports to be fixed ; he shall forfeit 20s.

197

Not telling his name.

13 G, 3. r. 78.

Name to legibly interred*

Penalty on tie-gleCfc.

No alehoeO, fee. near any bridge.

U.

Jo tires shall order posts. See.

Water mark*.

198

>5 G. % . 7*.

Penalty for defacing, dee.

u.

Limitation of

bwkk

Of Uf» breadth

t»a » fix inchc*. Roller* uali-rua.

Time of prose-

cu'i>o

Ji.

l.crease of Rule* up hills

Highways in general.

m,

If any person shall pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface i

any mile Hone or poll graduated, or direction poll or (lone, ,

erected upon any highway, such person shall, upon con vision i

before one justice, by the oath of one witness, or upon view of the justice, forfeit, not exceeding 5I. nor less than iqs. ; and, in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of cor- \ region, there to be whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than fevea days.

Breadth of wheels, and number of horses.

NO waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of nine inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than eight horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of nine inches breadih, shall be drawn with more than five horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, and rolling on each (ide a surface of nine inches, shall be drawn with more than l'even horses. And no waggon, rolling a surface of fix inches only, shall be drawn with more than fix horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than four horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than five* horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of leis breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than three horses; on pain that the owner shall forfeit 5I. and the driver (not being the owner) 10s. for every horse or bead above the number respectively, to the sole use of the informer. But carriages moving upon wheels or rollers of the breadth of 16 inches on each side thereof, with flat surfaces, shall be allowed to be drawn with any number of horses or other cattle.

No prosecution shall be commenced before a justice, unless the information be laid within three days; and if it shall appear to the justice?, before whom the complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such justice, the said justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law.

The joftices, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, may licence, in such manner, and for such time as they shall think fit, an increase of the number of horses to be drawn in carriages upon any steep hill, or any road not turnpike, over and above the number herein before limited ; if it shall appear, upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to the satisfaction of any justice of the peace, or of any court of justice authorized to enforce the

N. B. On turnpike roads, the number of horses in waggon* is limited to ; in highways, in genera I, ihey are allowed pvt. The penalty on turnpike rnarfi b zo>. to be paid by the driver, nor being the owner j hot 5I. if the owner offends,

execution

T

-r -

1

I

>99

Highways in general.

execution of this act, that any waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reason of deep snow or ice, be drawn by the number of horses or beasts of draught hereby allowed ; they may flop the proceedings before them for recovery of the forfeiture. For all the purposes of this act, two oxen or horned cattle shall be considered as one horse.

The wheels of every cart, car, or dray, within the bills of mortality, shall be fix inches broad in the felly, and not wrought about with iron, nor be drawn with above the number of three horses, after they are up the hills from the water side; on pain of 40s. by warrant of one justice, bydiftrefs; and, for want ofdifirefs, or non-payment in six days after demand, to be committed till paid. But this not to extend to any country cart or waggon, that shall bring any goods, or shall carry any goods half a mile beyond the paved ttreets of the cities of London and Westminster.

Breadth, widening, changing, and diverting of Highways.

WHERE any highway shall be inclosed after a writ of ad qu$d damnumissued, and inquisition thereupon taken ; any person that shall think himself injured by such inclosure, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, if there be time for that purpose; if not, to the next sessions after: And the determination of such sessions shall be final.

In aid of the common law, and to render the changing of highways less troublesome and expensive, power is given by this act, to the justices of the peace, to widen, divert, and change highways, as they shall judge most convenient.

Where it shall appear, upon the view of two justices, that any highway between the fences thereof is not of sufficient breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged; or that the same cannot be conveniently enlarged and made com-. modious for travellers, without diverting and turning the same; th? said ju dices shall order such highway respectively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in such manner as they shall think fit; so that the said highway, when enlarged and diverted, shall not exceed 30 feet in breadth; and that neither of the said powers do extend to pull down any house or building, or to take away the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court, or yard.

And if the forveyor cannot agree with the owners; or if they shall refuse to treat or to take such recompence as shall be offered by the surveyor; then the justices, at any general ^uarter-sessions, upon certificate in writing, signed by the justices who made such view, of their proceedings in the premises, and, on proof of fourteen days notice in writing hav-

it G. a. r. 33.

Caro wirhia bills oI mortality.

a H\&. M

i. t.

Not extend to country cacti, *c.

13 G. 3. C. 7S.

Party injured may appeal.

«.

Justice'* authority.

Id/

Road may be widened,

to thirty feet*

13 G. 3. r. -3* Jury to be appointed.

200

Not above forty years pu;chafe.

Id.

Old way stop-paup.

or fold on certain conditions*

Id.

Rate of 6d. la the pound*

Highways in general.

ing been given by the surveyor to the owner, occupier, or other person or body corporate interested in such ground, or to his or their guardian, trullce, clerk, or agent, tignifying an intention to apply to such quarter-sessions for the purposes of taking such ground, shall impanel a jury out of the persons returned to serve at such feOions: And the said jury shall, upon their oaths, assess the damages to be given, and recom-pence to be made to the owners and others interested in the said grounds, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding forty years purchase for the clear yearly value of the ground ; and likewise such recompence as they shall think reasonable, for making new ditches and fences on the side or tides of the said highways that shall be so enlarged or diverted and also satisfaction to any person, or body corporate, that may be ©therwife injured by the enlarging or diverting the said highways respectively.

Aud when any new highway shall be made as aforesaid, the old way shall be (lopped up, and the land and foil thereof shall be sold by the surveyor, with the approbation of the said justices, to some person whose lands adjoin thereto, if he shall be willing to purchase the same; if not, to some other person, for the full value thereof. But if such old road shall lead to any lands, house, or place, which cannot, in the opinion of such justices, respectively be accommodated with a convenient way and passage from such new highway; in such case, the old highway shall only be fold, subject to the right of way and passage to such lands, house, or place respectively; and the money anting by the sale shall be applied towards the piirctiafe of the land where such new highway shall be made. And on payment or tender of the money; and on a certificate signed by the said two justices, or by the chairman of the said court or quarter-sessions respectively, describing the lands so fold, and expressing the sum so agreed for, and directing to whom the same shall be paid ; and, on the purchaser's taking a receipt for such purchase-money from the person entitled to receive the same, by an indorsement on the back of such' certificate, the foil of such old highwoy shall become veiled in such purchaser and his heirs.

And where there is not sufficient money in the hands of the surveyor, the said two justices, in case of agreement, or the said quarter-sessions, after such veraid as aforesaid, shall order an equal assessment to be made and levied upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, in the parish, township, or place where such highways lies; and if not paid in ten days after demand, the same shall, by order of the said two'justices or court of quarter-fef-tions respectively, be levied by the surveyor in the manner herein-after*mentioned. Provided, that no such assessment to be made in any one year shall exceed 6d, in the pound of the yearly value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments foaflclfed.

When

-i

i1

1.

I

7

i

I

V

201

Highways in general.

When it shall appear, upon the view of two justices, that any public highway, not in the htuation herein before def-cribed, or public bridle>way, or foot way, may be diverted, so as to make the same nearer or more commodioos to the public, and the owner of the lands through which such new highway, bridle-way, or foot-way, is proposed to be made, shall content thereto by writing under his hand and seal, it shall be lawful, by order of the justices at some special sessions, to divert and turn, and to dop up such foot-way, and to divert, turn, dop up^ and inclose, sell and dispose of such old highway or bridle-way, and to purchase the ground and foil for such new highway, bridle-way, or foot-way, by such ways and means, and subject to such exceptions and conditions in all respects, as herein before mentioned with regard to highways to be widened or diverted. And it shall be lawful for any person injured or aggrieved by any such order or proceeding, or by the inclosure of any highway by virtue of an inqui-iition taken upon a writ of ad quod , to appeal to the

next genera] quarter-sessions, on giving ten days notice in writing to the surveyor and party intereded in such inclosure, if there be time for that purpose; if not, then to the next sessions after. But no inclosure or doppage of such old way shall be made, until the new way shall be compleated, and so certified by two justices upon view; which certificate shall be returned to the clerk of the peace, and by him inrolled amongst the records.

Provided, that no common land, lying between the fences of any old highway to be dopped up or inclosed by virtue of this ail, shall be inclosed. And where the same, not being common land, shall, upon a medium, exceed 30 feet in breadth, and not extend to 50 feet, the same shall not be dopped up or inclosed, until satisfaction be made to the owner for so much as shall exceed the breadth of 30 feet; and if the parties cannot agree, the same shall be adjuded by the said justices, or the jury, if a jury be impanelled: And if it shall exceed 50 feet in breadth, or if the old road be through the open field or ground belonging to any particular person ; such pef-son, and also the person or person3 entitled to the land between the fences on the side of such highway, shall respectirely hold and enjoy the land and foil of Inch old highway, and pay to the forveyor so much as shall be agreed on; or if they cannot *gree» then so much as shall be adjudged by the said justices or jury, if a jury be impanelled, to be adequate to the purchase, edimating such highway at 30 feet in breadth upon an average.

Ana the damage, if the parties intereded shall not agree in adjuding the same, shall be adjudged by two indifferent per* foos,one to be named by the owner of the land, and the other by the said two justices ; and if the perfoos so to be nominated cannot agree therein, they shall onufc some third person to

D d adjudge

13 G, 3. c. ) % .

Turning a high road.

Persons injured majr appeal.

U.

Common land in old road.

Difoutes, how

fc tiled.

Td.

Damage, how

idjufleJ.

L.

202

. IJ C.3. €. 7».

Id.

Unnecefiary roadi flopped of.

IJ.

Rate not exceeding 6d. in the pound.

Id.

Further rates not exceeding 9J. in the pound.

Highways in general.

adjudge the same, whose determination shall be final. And the money at which such damage shall be adjudged* shall be applied in making satisfaction to the owner of the land through which such foot-way shall be made.

And if in any parish or place* where a highway shall be diverted and turned* it shall appear to the justices* that there are other highways within such parish or place* besides that so to be diverted and turned* which may* without inconvenience to the public* be diverted into such new highway* or into any other within the same parish or place, and the charge of repairing the same may be thereby saved ; the said justices may order such highway, which shall appear to them unnecessary, to be (lopped up* and the foil thereof fold, in such manner* and subject to such restrictions* and such right of appeal, as herein before directed concerning highways to be (lopped up or inclosed.

Assessments, how to be made.

FOR reimbursing expences, upon application by the fur-veyorto the justices at a special sessions* and oath made of the sums he hath bona fide laid out, or which will be required for the purposes aforesaid ; the said justices, or two of them* shall by their warrant* cause an equal assessment to be made upon all occupiers of lands* tenements* woods* tithes* and hereditaments ; to be made and collected by such person or persons* and allowed in such manner* as the said justices* by their order at such sessions, shall appoint; and to be levied as herein after directed. Provided, that no such assessment for those or any of those purposes* in any one year* shall exceed the rate of 6d. in the ponnd.

Tf, upon application of the surveyor to the justices at their general or quarter-sessions*or at a special sessions for the highways* the said justices shall be fully satisfied* by proof upon oath, that the duty hath been performed* and the money applied according to the directions of this a ; or shall be folly satisfied that the common highways* bridges* canfeways* streets, or pavements* belonging to any parish, town ship* or place, are so far out of order* that they cannot be fuffideotly amended and supported by the means herein before prescribed (notice being first given of such intended application* at the church or chapel on some Sunday preceding such quarter or special session*; or, if the place be extra*parochial, notice in writing being first given of such intended application* to some of the principal inhabitants residing in such extra-parochial place, a week at least before such general or special -sessions) ; ^-in such case* an equal assessment upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements* woods* tithes* and herediu* ments, within any such parish, town ship, or place* for the said

203

Highways in general.

said purposes, may be made and collected by such person, and allowed in such manner, as the said just ices, by their order, at such general or special sessions, shall direct. Provided, that the said assessment, and the assessment herein before authorized for buying materials, making satisfaction for damages, erecting guide polls, and paying the surveyor's salary, shall not together, in any one year, exceed the rate of 9d. in the

Penalty of hindering the Execution.

IF any person shall refill or make forcible opposition again 11 13 3. . 7*

any person employed in the execution of this act; or make any rescue of the goods distrained ; or if any constable shall refuse or neglect to execute or obey any warrant of a justice, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding 10I. nor Conviaion be-Jess than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor, for the repair of the fore one'joftice* highways : If not forthwith paid, or secured to be paid upon conviction, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid,

Penalty of the Surveyor for Neglect of Duty.

IF any surveyor, after his acceptance of the office, shall ne. JJ. . gleCl his duty in any thing required of him, for which no particular penalty is imposed, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. Penalty from nor less than 10s. at the discretion of the justice or justices IO#,t0Sl* having jurisdiction therein.

Surveyor's Account.

THE surveyor shall produce the book and the assessments fumade in that year, to the inhabitants, at a vestry or other at

public meeting to be held for that purpose, within fifteen days ,y* before the special sessions to be holder) in the week next after Michaelmas quarter-sessions; to the intent that the said accounts, asselTments, and'lifts, may be infpcCled by the said inhabitants. And after the said book and assessments shall have Verified before been produced at such meeting, he shall take the same to a ajustice. justice on such day and at such hour as shall be agreed upon at such meeting before such last mentioned special sessions; and then and there verify such account, or any part thereof, upon oath, if required. And such justice may allow such account, Al,ow<<1 if he finds it just, or pollpone it until such special sessions, if PoftPoned*

D d 2 he

204

Difallovred, if not approved.

13 G. 3. r 78.

Books delivered up.

with tools. c.

Id.

Surveyor'* ne-glect.

Surveyor dying.

Id.

Expence to ho charged by fur* veyor.

Highways in general.

he finds cause for so doing; and in case any articles contained in such accounts shall not be explained and proved to the (a* tis faction of such justices, they may disallow the same.

And, for the account examined and taken, and oath adinu niftered, the justices' clerks shall have the sum of is. and no more. And when the said accounts shall have been so settled and allowed, or disallowed as aforesaid, the said book and affefTments shall be transmitted to a churchwarden or overseer of the poor of such parish, township, or place; or if the place be extra-parochial, then to some principal inhabitant thereof, to be kept for the use of such parish, township, or place: And the said surveyor shall also forthwith deliver a duplicate of such book and account, together with all Aims of money that shall remain in his hands, and likewise all tools, materials, implements, and other things as aforesaid, to the succeeding surveyor, if any shall be appointed ; or retain the same in his hands, and account for them in his next account, if he shall be continued surveyor in the succeeding year.

And if such surveyor shall neglect to provide such book, or to enter such accounts and lifts therein, or to deliver the said book and such duplicate thereof, and such assessments, tolls, materials, implements, and other things, in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5b nor less than 40s. And if he shall make default in payment, or accounting for the money remaining in his hands, within the time, and according to the directions aforesaid, he shall forfeit double the money which shall be adjudged by the said justices to be in his hands. Jf the surveyor shall die, before such accounts or lifts be mad* out, or such money, book, assessments, tools, materials, and implements, shall be so delivered and paid, his executors or administrators shall make out, pay, and deliver the same, in like manner, and under the like penalty, as the surveyor was liable and subject to.

Presentment or Indictment of Highways in general,

IF the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, (halt agree, at a vestry or other public meeting, to prosecute any person by indictment for not repairing any highway within such parish, township, or place, which they apprehend such person was obliged to by law, or for committing any nuisance upon any highway, or shall agree, at such vestry-meeting, to defend any indictment or preferment against them, the surveyor may charge in his account the reasonable expences thereof, after the same shall have been agreed to by such inhabitants at a vestry or public meeting, or allowed by a just ice within the limit where such highway shall be.

Presentment

. Highways in general

205

Presentment by a Justice.

EVERY justice of the peace, either upon his own view or 2J f. 7s, upon information on oath given to him by the farveyor, may Upon view or snake presentment at their respective assizes or great sessions, information, or in the open general quarter-sessions of the peace, of any highway, causeway, or bridge, not well and sufficiently re* paired and amended, or of any other default or offence com- m it ted and done contrary to the provision and intent of this, statute: And every such prefen tment shall be as effectual as if found by the oaths of twelve men : And the justices, at their general quarter-sessions, or the major part of them, may, if they fee just cause, cfireft the prosecution on such presentment as shall be made at the quarter-sessions, to be carried on at the Expence,how general expence of such limit, and to be paid out of the gene- paid* k ral rates within the same: And for every such default so presented, the justices of assize, counties palatine, and great Teflon s, and justices of the peace, at their respective courts, may jtfl'efs such fines as they shall thinlc meet.

Levying of Assessments, Fines, and Forfeitures*

IF any person shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum assessed U, upon him by any assessment in pursuance of this act, within Fines, how le* ten days after demand thereof made, the same shall be levied by VIC<*‘ the farveyor or any other person, by warrant of one justice, by distress; and, in default of distress, the justice may commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he shall have paid the sum so assessed, and the costs and charges oc-\ cafioned by such neglect or refusal. And if any fine, issue, penalty, or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall be levied on one or more of the inhabitants, such inhabitant may make his complaint to the inhabitant t*«f special sessions; and the justices there shall, by their warrant, complain* cause a rate to be made according to the form and manner herein before prescribed for reimbursing such inhabitant. —

Which rate so made, and confirmed by two justices, shall be collected and levied by the surveyor; who shall, within ooe month after making and confirming the rate, collect, levy, and pay such inhabitant the money so levied as aforesaid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, for any offence against the same, and all costs and charges to be allow* ed and ordered by the authority of this act (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by distress, by warrant of one P«naTty levied

J . 1 by distress.

fSee Appendix, No. J5» end 37*

justice


206

Highways in general.

justice, where the offence, neglect, or default shall happen ; which warrant such justice shall grant, on conviction of the of* fender by confession, or the oath of one witness, or upon order made as aforesaid. And the penalty, when levied, shall be paid half to the informer, and half to the forveyor, for the repair of the highways, unless otherwise directed by this act. — But if the surveyor shall be the informer, then the whole shall be employed towards the repair of the highway.' And if such iliftrels cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said cods and charges shall not be forthwith paid, the justice may commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalty, forfeiture, cods, and charges, befooner paid. t3 <7* 3. r. 78. And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the said judice, any judice of the limit where such person shall inhabit, on request to him made, and on a true copy of the con-Costs and viction, and of the order for payment of such costs and charges

h°Wd being produced, and proved before him by one witness upon aii w tie j>ai . shall, by his warrant, cause the penalty or forfeiture

mentioned in such conviction, and the cods and charges mentioned in such order, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid, to be levied by distress; and if no sufficient didrefs can be had, shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid. No conviction shall be had, unless upon confession, or oath of one witness, or view of the justice. Any justice may administer an oath to any witness or other person, for the better discovery and execution of the several matters or things herein directed to be enquired into and performed.

One justice. Application of penalty.

Appeal.

I

1

1

i

4

1

1

IF any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing Power of appeal, done by any judice or other person in the execution of this *-aft, and for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, giving notice in writing of his intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or other person due notice ^on a&a*n^ whom the complaint shall be made, within six days »nd entering in 8^ter the cause of such complaint shall arise; and within four , to recognizance* days after such notice, entering into recognizance before a 4 ' justice, with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try such ap- £ peal, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter-sessions. And thejuf- I tices, at such sections, on proof of such notice given, and of the I entering into such recognizance, shall determine the appeal ip a summary way, and award costs to either party, to be levied I and recovered as herein before directed. I

Highways* .!


Highways* (Turnpike.)

20 7

NO gate-keeper, or other person renting the tolls, and re-13 3. . 8*,

tiding in the toll-house, shall be removable by any or- Gatekeeper* der of two justices, as to his settlement, unless he shall be ac-tually chargeable; nor shall he gain a settlement by such *

renting and residence in the parish or place where the toll-house is tituate: And no tolls or toll-house shall be afiefled towards the poor rate, or any other public or parochial levy. And the gate-keeper, and also the surveyor, shall,* when required by ' notice in writing from the trustees, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered by a trustee, an account in writ- Account on ing of all money received by them on account of the road, and °*th* not before accounted for; on pain of 5]. to be recovered in a summary way before one justice, and applied to the use of the road.

And if the wife or family of a gate-keeper who shall die,

shall refuse to deliver up possession within four days after another shall be appointed, or if a gate-keeper shall bedischarged from his office, and shall refuse to deliver up poflession within two days notice given to him of his discharge, one justice may, by his warrant, order the constable, with such assistance as shall Refuting to give be necessary, to enter the house and premises in the day time, poflession. and remove the persons who shall be found therein, together with their goods, out of such house, and put the new appointed officer in poflession. Every constable refuting or neglecting to put this actin execution, and every surveyor, toll-taker. Constable* at* that shall neglect, for the space of one week after an offence gie&. committed, to lay such information on oath before a just ice, as by this act is directed, shall forfeit 10I.

And the justices in sessions, on complaint to them made, by 13(7. 3. 84,

any justice or two creditors or trustees, may cause weighing Weighing en-engines to be erected, and the expences thereof to be paid outt'ne* of the tolls.

The owner of every waggon, cart, or carriage, having a Owner's pe-creater number of horses than are allowed by this act, shall "a,.ty*, forfeit 5I.; and the driver thereof, not being the owner, shall forfeit the fnm of 20s.

In case any person or persons shall, upon any turnpike road. drive or ad as the driver of any waggon, &c. drawn by more Proceeding than the number of horses hereby authorized, it shall and may #8*,nft be lawful for any constable, or any other person, to apprehend er‘* and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such person or persons so driving or acting as driver or drivers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, &c.; and upon conviction thereof, by confession, or the oath of one witness,.every

N. B. Doubt* has arisen, whether both the owner and driver are pan tillable by this clause j both certainly according to the letter : But it ia possible that one only may be to blame 3 the owner, by fuftering the carriage to set out from home illegally drawn j the driver, by unlawfully adding a horse to the allowed number in passing on the road.

person

20$

11 G. 5. $4,

Limitation of

U.

Unloading

goodi.

Penalty.

Turning out of the road.

Id.

Taking off kotfe,

Highways. (Turnpike.)

person feoffending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, 1 sum not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s. at the discretion of the justice or justices, to him that shall sue for the same.

No prosecution shall be commenced before a jaftice by way of information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver of any carriage having a greater number of horses there* in than are allowed by this act, unless such information be laid within three days after the offence committed; and no action shall be commenced, unless within one calendar month after the offence committed; and neither such information nor action shall be brought, unless notice be given by the informer to the driver, on the day on which the offence shall be committed, of an intention to complain of such offence. And if it shall appear to the justice before whom such complaint shall be made, that the offender lives ib remote as to make it in* convenient ro summon him, the justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law.

J

Penalty of evading Tolls.

IP any person shall unload any goods before they come to the turnpike-gate or engine, and thereby pay less toll at such gate, than would have been paid if such goods had not been to unloaden, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. to be levied upon the goods of the owner; and the driver, not being tire owner, fb offending, and being convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall be committed to the houie of correction for the space of one month. If the owner or driver shall turn out of the road, in order to avoid weighing or paying the toll, and shall afterwards return and proceed upon the road, he shall, on conviction before one juf- # tice, by the oath 01 one witness, forfeit, if he be the owner, not exceeding 5I. nor less than ecs. ; if he be the driver, and not the owner, any sum not exceeding 50s. nor less than 10s.

If any person shall take off any horse or other bcaft of draught from any waggon or other carriage, or cause the distance of the wheels to be altered before the same shall come to the gate, with intention to avoid the toll, or any forfeiture or penalty, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

i

N. B. If the farmer of the tolls shall take note or left toll than he ought, 1 / he shall forfeit 5I. and also the contract, if required and every other gate* keeper, who shall take a greater or Ufa toll than ke ought, shall forfeit 40a,

209

Highways. (Turnpike.)

Carriages to be marked. See p. 156.

IF any person shall, upon any turnpike road, drive any 13 C. 3.*. 84, waggon, „wain, cart, or carriage, not being marked as afore- for not

said, the constable, surveyor, or any othpr person, -may appre- *n*rkin<4 hend and carry him before a justice, and, on conviction, by confession or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s.

Driver misbehaving. See Highways in general,

p. 155.

Statute Duty and other Labour on Turnpike Roads,

p. 150.

WHERE there are two.or more turnpike roads under several acts of parliament, within the same parish, township, or place, and the statute duty directed by all such acts for the repair of such turnpike road, shall exceed three days duty in the whole, two justices, in a special sessions, may proportion the statute duty betwixt such turnpike roads and the other high- Justicetmay ways in such parish, township, or place, in such manner as lettiethe they shall think fit, having first summoned the clerks and fur- Pr°f*n«>n 9f veyors of the turnpike roads, and likewise the surveyor of the uty* highway for such parish, township, or place. Where parts of highways or turnpike roads are turned, by legal authority, to make the same nearer or more commodious, the inhabitants or other persons, who were liable to the repair of the old highway, ftialfbe liable to the repair of the new: And if the several parties interested cannot agree, the same shall be viewed by two justices, and settled by them: And if it shall be found more convenient to fix a gross sum, or annual sum, to be paid by the inhabitants or other such persons, towards the repair of the new highway, the justices may, with the consent of such person or persons, and of the inhabitants, obtained at a vestry meeting for that purpose, and also of the trustees at a public meeting, if it be turnpike road, order and direct the same accordingly.

Where any turnpike road is in such a state and condition, id. that the statute duty required to be performed upon the same. Statute duty or some part thereof, may be dispensed with, the justices, at a w,lh-special sessions, upon application to them made by the surveyor ®rtwlu of such parish, township, or place, may summon the clerk or surveyor of the turnpike road to appear before them at some other special sessions, and produce before them a state of the revenues and debts belonging to such turnpike road: And if it

210

C. j. c. 84. Nuisances on road not co re* main*

Encroachments not to be fullered.

Removal of gate.

/«/.

Mi!e (tone, &c« defaced.

U

Mortgagee taking poiTcHion of gale.

Id.

Rehft'ng toll gatherers*

Highways. (Turnpike.)

shall appear to them, that the whole or any part of the statute duty may conveniently be dispensed with from such turnpike road, without endangering the securities for the money advanced on the credit of the tolls, they may order the whole or part of such statute duty to be performed upon the highways, not being turnpike, within such distrilt, during such time as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

If the surveyor of any turnpike road shall suffer to remain for the space of four days, in any part thereof, within ten feet on either side of the middle of the road, any pod, heap of Hones, rubbish, or earth, by which the pafl'age thereof may be obstructed or Hraitened, he shall forfeit 40s. If any person shall encroach, by causing to be made any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any turnpike road, within thirty feet from the middle thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his plough or harrow on any ground within the didance of fifteen feet from the middle thereof as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 40s. to him who shall make information thereof : And one justice, on proof thereof upon oath, may levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as the several penalties hereby imposed, by didrefs. If the trustees shall erelt a gate where they have no power, the justices in feOions, upon complaint, may hear and determine the same in a summary way, and order the sheriff to remove it*

If any person shall wilfully or wantonly pull down, obliterate, or deface any mile done or pod, he shall, on conviction before one judice, upon view, or by the oath of one witness, forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s. and, in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than seven days, unless the same be (ooner paid.

Every mortgagee, that shall have taken possession of the toll-gate or bar, shall, within fourteen days after notice given to him in writing from the trustees, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered by any trudee, an exalt account in writing of all money received by him, or by any other to his use, at such toll gate or otherwise, and what he hath expended in keeping or repairing the same; and if he shall neglect to render such account, he shall, on conviction in a summary manner, before one judice, forfeit* for every omission, the sum of 10I. to the use of the road.

If any person shall refid, or make forcible opposition against any person employed in the due execution of this act, or of any particular turnpike alt 5 or shall pass through, without paying the toll appointed to be paid 5 or if the condable shall re-fufeor neglect to execute any justice's warrant, he shall forfeit not exceeding 10I. nor less than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor, for the use of the turnpike road; and if not forthwith

Highways. (Turnpikes.)

211

paid or secured, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and all 13 (7. 3.*. 84# colls and charges to be allowed and ordered, by authority of Penalties by the same, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, oPof the person ordered to pay the said colls respectively, by warrant of one justice, on conviction of the offender by confession or oath of one witness, or upon such order made as aforesaid: The same to be paid half to the informer, and half to the surveyor for the use of the turnpike road, unless ' ? 1 J* " <

shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeiture, colls, or charges, shall respectively be sooner paid.

And any justice may act in the execution hereof, notwith- u.

(landing he may be a creditor or trustee. Justice,though

And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the justice, *7

any justice of the limit, where the said person shall inhabit, ' shall, on requell to him made, and a true copy of the conviction for the penalty or forfeiture, or of the order for the payment of colls or charges, being produced and proved before fi^inaa* dff. him upon oath, cause the said penalty or forfeiture, or the m'm, 1 said colls or charges, to be levied by distress; and, if no (efficient distress can be had, shall commit such person to the . common gaol or house of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid.

Every prosecutor or informer may, at his option, sue for and ^ recover any forfeiture or penalty imposed by this or any other act forerefting turnpikes or repairing turnpike roads, in manner following, viz. if the same shall not amount to 40s. it shall be recoverable only by information before a justice 3 and How penalty »a if it shall amount to 40s. or upwards, it may be recovered ei- recoverable# ther before a justice as aforesaid, or by action of debt in any of his majesty's courts. Provided, that ten days notice in writing be given to the party offending, previous to the commencement of the action ; and that the same be brought within one calendar month after the offence committed.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing Power of appeal, done by any justice in pursuance of this act, except under particular circumstances, for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the ' general quarter-sessions. And the justice, having received notice of such appeal, shall return all proceedings before him touching the matter of such appeal, to the said feihons, on

ted. And in case such distress

E e 2

pam

212

Haro. 66.

Manslaughter

defined*

3 SS*

3 Ed* i e. 15.

Not bailable* Murder described.

I Haro, tt* Duelling.

1 W- SV

Perlona present, how punishable.

% & 1 Ed. 6.

c. 24.

Off-nder, where indi&able*

13 & 14 r.4.

Interment of fdf* murderers.

Highways. (Turnpike, j

pain of 5U And the justices, at such sessions, on proof of the notice given, and of the entering into recognizance, fhrJl hear and determine the appeal in a Summary way, anJ award costs to either party as they shall see cause, to be levied and reco* vered as herein before directed.

Highwaymen. Sec Robbery*

Homicide.

HOMICIDE in law Signifies the killing of a man by a man.

Manflaudirer.

O *

BY manslaughter is to be understood such killing of a man as happens either on a sudden quarrel, or in the commission of an unlawful ad, without any deliberate intention of doing any mischief at all.

There is this difference between murder and manslaughter; viz. that murder is upon malice forethought, and man* daughter upon a sudden occasion.

This offence is not bailable by the ju dices of the peace.

Murder is, when a man of found memory, and of the age of discretion, unlawfully killeth any person under the king's peace, with malice forethought, either expressed by the party, or implied by law ; so as the party wounded or hurt die of the wound or hurt, within a year and a day.

The law so far abhors all duelling in cold blood, that not only the principal who actually kills the other, but also his seconds, are guilty of murder, whether they fought or not. And it is holden, that the seconds of the party flam are like-wife guilty as accessaries.

They that are present when any man is (lain, and do not their best endeavour to apprehend the murderer or man flayer, shall be fined and imprisoned.

Where any person shall be feloniously stricken orpoifoned in one county, and die in another county, the offender may be indicted in the county where the party dies, before the coroner, justices of the peace, or other justices.

By the rubrick in the book of common prayer, before the burial office, a person who hath laid violent hands upon himself, shall not have that office used at his interment.

N. JB. No distinction Seems to be here made as to the date of mind in which the party put an end to his life; the prohibition in the rubrick, with respect to the borial service, is absolute.

Horses.

Horses

2i 3

FROM and after Sept. 29, 1784, every person who shall keep any horse, mare, or gelding, for riding, or for draw-ing any coach, chaise. Sec. liable to pay duty under the management of the commissioners of excise, shall pay annually 10s. on pain of 20I. for neglecting to make entry thereof in ten days.

And for every horse. Sec.previous to its being entered to run for any plate, or sum of money, the further sum of two guineas; on a penalty, for neglect, of 20I. to be pa&to the clerk of the course, or other person authorized to make the entry.

Every dealer in horses within the cities of London and Westminster, the bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark, shall take out a licence, and shall annually pay for it 10I.; if without those limits, 5I. Such duties are to be under the of of the stamp duties; who are appointed, any two or more of them, to grant such licences 5 to be renewed ten days at lead before the expiration of the year for which the preceding licence shall have been granted.

All persons licensed to deal in , shall have those words

legibly written on Yome visible place in the front of their houses or stables. Sec.on a penalty of 5I. for neglecting to do it.

No person shall be compelled to travel further than to the next market town to make entry, or give fresh notice, or to pay such duties as aforesaid, which mud be done within twenty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months, after giving the former notice.

Lifts of persons liable to pay duties on windows, with the number of their windows, shall be delivered by the parish collectors of window duties to the distributors of (lamps, on a penalty, for neglect, of 5I.; the collectors to be paid 2s. for every hundred names, and so in proportion for any less number.

The head distributor shall demand the duty of any person whose name is contained in such lifts, and who shall not have registered any horse, &c. liable to the above duties.

This act shall not extend to the horses of soldiers, or non-commissioned officers iii any of his Majesty's regiments of cavalry, nor of licensed dealers, kept for sale, and not for hire, nor to any*.horses, &c. let for travelling pod, or to hire for a day, Scc.&y any licensed pod-mailer or inn-keeper.

All horses used for riding, or in drawing any carriage subject to any excise duty, shall be liable to the said duty of 10s. annually.

Bu.t, upon any appeal to the of, from the assessf-ment for any horse, and, upon proof on oath, to the satisfac-tion of the of, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm not worth more than jeoi. per annum

. shall

24 G. 3* ftjft s.

e. 31.

Hoise duty

Id.

Race horses.

Id.

Licence to dealers.

Id.,

Written on door*

Id.

Duties, where payable.

Id.

Lifts, how obtained.

Id.

Who demanda duty.

Id.

Soldiers* horse* exempt.

Post horses, Sec. exempt.

25 G. 3. e. 47; Saddle and carriage horses liable*

Id.

214

Horses.

2S G. y e. 47

Penalties, how recovered.

and applied*

26 <7.-3. e. 79.

ptorle uteo only for hu&andty or trade.

Kor farminf IhaTl have been so assessed, has been only used for the purpose

k°ri€* of riding to and from market, or church, or other place of

public worship, and no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, the of may make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge again!! the person to whom such horse shall belong.

All penalties imposed by this act, not exceeding 20I. shall be recoverable before two justices, and may be levied by distress, and for want of distress, the offender may be committed to the county prison, for not more than six months, nor less than one: One moiety of the penalty to his majesty, the other to the informer prosecuting for the same, within one year after the offence committed.

No person keeping a horse, mare, or gelding, which shall be used really and truly for husbandry, or drawing any carriage (except such as was heretofore liable to an excise duty), or carrying burthens in the course of the trade or occupation of the owners, shall be chargeable with the duty of 10s. per annum : If such horse. Sec be only used for riding in its return from carrying such burthen, or to fetch such burthen, or to market, to a place of public worship, to an election of mem- . bers to fervein parliament, or to or from a court of justice or meeting of of of taxes.

Where the owners are, through poverty, excused parochial taxes, their horse is also exempted from the tax.

Such persons as by the former act were allowed one horse for riding, they renting a farm worth no more than 1501. per annum, are no longer excused the tax: That indulgence is, by this act, confined to occupiers of farms less than 70I. per annum, provided such horse, &c. is usually kept for the purpose ofhufbandry.

The stamp officers shall affix on the church doors, within thirty days after the payment of such duties, the names of the persons, and the number of the horses so paid for ; and the times when the same were paid: And any person defacing such lift, shall forfeit 40s.

Where persons have more than one place of residence, a duplicate of such entry, mentioning at the foot of it the time of the original entry, shall be delivered to the llamp officer of the next market town, on pain (for neglect) of 40s.

The penalties to be divided, one moiety to his majesty, his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other, with fullcofts, to him who shall inform and sue for the same.

Any justices residing near, may hear and determine offences Justice'i procefi. against this act ; may summon the party accused, and also witnesses, on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and on due proof, by confession of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, as the act directs, and levy penalties by distress,if not otherwise paid, to be sold if not redeemed within six days, rendering the over-

plo$.

Id.

Poet man's h^rte.

Id.

Only small far* fner's hoi lea exempt.

24 G

e. 31.

Stamp office lift.

Id.

Duplicate of entry.

*4 G' 3

c. 3*.

Penalties, how applied.

Jd.

Horses.

plus, if any, to the party; or commit the offender, on failure of distress, for three months, or till the penalty shall be paid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions; who shall finally hear and determine the same.

If any persons, who shall be summoned to appear as witnesses, shall refuse or neglect to appear, they shall forfeit 40s.

The justice may mitigate the penalties, where he shall see cause, to one moiety, over and above all costs and charges.

This act is in part repealed, but the duties on horses continue the same: The execution of the act being transferred to the of of the duties on houses and windows, by *5 3* ^ 47*

Buying of stolen Horses.

EVERY person offending against this statute, shall forfeit jjl. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue before the justices in sessions, or in any ordinary court of record, and the sale shall be void.

If any horse shall be ffolen, and afterwards shall be fold in open fair or market, if claim be made in six months, where the horse shall be found, before the mayor, if in a town corporate, or el fe before a j uflice near the place where found, and so as proof be made before such magistrate in forty days next ensuing, by two witnesses, that the property of such horst; was in the party claiming, and was stolen from him within six months next before such claim, such sale shall not take away the owner's property ; but the party from whom the same was stolen may at all times after, notwithstanding such sale, take again the said horse, on payment or readiness to offer to the party who hath possession, so much as he shall swear before such magistrate, that he paid for the same.

Killing or maiming Horses in the Night.

WHERE any person shall, in the night-time, tnalicimifly kill or destroy any horses, he shall be guilty of felony, and may be transported, by three justices in sessions, for seven years. If any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously wound or hurt any horses, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved treble damages, to be recovered by action at law, or before three justices.

Horses*

215

*4 o -Z-ftJT' r. 31.

Power of appeal.

U.

Wirnelltfj re* fuling.

hi.

Mitigation of penalty.

Partly repealed.

*Gf zPM Af. c. 7.

31 Elix, c. ii* How pumshed.

Id.

Time of claim limited.

At all times oft payment.

7.x £> *3 C. ».

e. 7.

Kelonv.

T »anft)«>rtaiion. Treble Vantages for wounding.

216

Horses and Carnages.

Horses' and Carriages' additional Duty.

*9 <7. j. f. 9.

For two horses.

From three to ire.

For fix or more.

One carriage, with four wbcels.

#9 3 .e.49.

Two such carriages.

Three or more.

In addition to former duties.

To be paid by the hirer.

FROM July 5, 1789, the following additional duties on horses and carriages are to be paid, viz.

Where two horses are kept for riding, or for drawing any coach, chaise, or other carriage, in respect whereof any duty now transferred to the management uf the of for taxes is payable, there shall be charged an additional annual duty of 5s. for one of such horses, mares, or geldings.

Every person who shall keep and use three, four, or five horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or drawing such coach, chaise, or other carriage, shall be charged with an additional duty of 7s. 6d. for each such horse, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

Every person who shall keep and use fix or more horses, marcs, or geldings, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such coach, or other carriage, shall be charged with and pay an additional annual duty of ios. for each such horse, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

Every person who shall keep one coach, chariot, calash, chaise-marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan, for his or her own use, or to let out to hire, other than and except such carriages as are licensed by his majesty's of forma--naging the duties on hackney-coaches, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly sum of 20s. in respect of such one coach or carriage as aforesaid.

Every person who shall keep / coaches, chaises with four wheels, or caravans, under the above circumstances, shall be charged with and pay an additional duty of 20s. for one of such carriages, and an additional yearly sum of 2I. for every other of fuph carriages.

Every such person who shall keep three or more coaches, chariots, chaises with four wheels, or caravans, or three or more of any such carriages, for his or her own use, or to let out to hire, other than and except such as are before excepted, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly sum of 20s. for one of such carriages, and an additional yearly sum of 3I. for every other of such carriages.

The said several yearly sums shall be paid over and above, and ia addition to any former duty charged upon horses and carriages, and now placed under the management of the com- , missioners for the affairs of taxes. No duty imposed by this act shall extend to horses exempted from duty by 24. G. 3, r. 31, or any subsequent aft.

The duties imposed by 24 G. 3, and by this act, on horses let out by the year, month, or other period, for drawing conches, &c. shall be paid by the person or persons respectively by whom such horses shall be hired and used.

The

Horses and Carriages* 217

These additional duties are not to extend to carriages let out *? 3-^49*

to travel poll, by any person licensed to let post horses. Lieenfed post

From July c, 1789, no licence is to be granted to exercisd ^°rd*npt l0* the business of a horse dealer, unless the person shall prod nee to the of, or the person authorized by them, a de- Restriaion of claration in writing, signed by him, that he seeks his living horse-dealcr's by buying and selling of horses, and shall set forth the place iicence* where such trade and business is to be carried on ; and every licence granted, or to be granted, to any person other than to such as shall leek his living by buying and selling horses, shall be wholly void*

If horse-dealers keep horses for riding or drawing, and ne- Aflctfbrsto gled to give in a list thereof, the aflelfors may charge the duty charge the doty for such number, as from information they learn arc so kept; heaters notwithstanding the licence to them granted, or any thing in y caem this or the said recited acts contained to the contrary thereof.

The several duties are to be paid quarterly, the first payment Duties, when on October 10, 1789. payable.

The duties are to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried How applied* to the consolidated fund.

The new duties charged by this act on horses and on car- Duties raised u riages shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received heretofore* by such persons, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and with such power for recovering and enforcing the fan^e, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, the former duties on horses and carriages respectively, by the ad of 25 3.

47, or by any other act or acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenues upon houses, windows, and lights, or either of them ? and all the powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, &c. now in force, contained in the said act of 23 G. 3. e..47, relative to the duties on horses and carriages, or either of them, or in any subsequent' ad relating thereto, for aftefling, raising, levying, and paying, the rates and duties by the said acts, shall be in full force, for affrfling, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act directed.

The commissioners for putting in execution the ad of 25 Commissioners G. 3. c, 47, are to put this in execution, and to hold their first » before, meeting on July 10, 1789 ; and afterwards in like manner to meet yearly at such days or times as the said of shall think proper to appoint, before the 30th of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to ad infeparate districts, and proceed in the execution of this act*

If, by any neglect or default, there shall not have been a J^e.renolg meeting of the of, and a due execution of the fe- j"®c,eat veral powers by this or the said act of 25 (7. 3. r. 47, at the *n4' time prescribed, they may meet at any other time or times as

F f there


218 Horses and Carriages.

19 C.3. f. 49* there shall be occasion ; and all such meetings and acts of thtf said of, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed good and valid, to all intents and purposes, notwithilaoding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

No commissioner to act till he has taken the following oath $ on pain of forfeiting tool.

ComtruflioneT'i /, A. B. do fwtar, that I truly and faithfully execute the

ofice of a commissioner, and determine all Appeals which Jb&il

be brought before me, to the of my fill and judgment, -

Juant to the act of parliament in that behalf

$0 help me

Which oath any two or more of the of are hereby authorized to administer.

Commissioners are to give notice to their assessors of their appointment.

If no assessors are appointed, or they neglect their duty, the surveyors or inspectors under 25 G. 3. . 47, or any of the acts relating to houses, windows, &c. may act as assessors; and they are hereby required to do and perform such and the like services, as by this act are required of such assessors.

Every person appointed as aforesaid, or any surveyor or in-spedtor hereby authorized to act in the execution of the said office or employment, shall take and subscribe, besides the oaths or solemn affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by assessors, by any other act or acts of parliament relative to the said duties, an oath, or solemn affirmation, in the following form (that is to say):

/, A. B, do swear[or affirm, as the case may require],

that in the assessment which 1 am required to make in pursuanct of the act of parliament in that case made and , 1 will ad

without favour or assedion, and according to the best of my fill and knowledge. help me God,

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commissioners where the assessments are to be made, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any person so appointed to act as surveyor, assessor, or inspector, shall presume to act in the execution of the said office or employment before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of 20I.

The duties by this act granted shall and may, from time to ♦ered. titne, be afleffecl, levied, and paid according to such lifts in writing, of the number of horses and carriages liable to the said duties, which shall be kept or used by any person or persons whatsoever, as shall, from time to time, be delivered to arty such assessof or assessors, surveyor Or surveyors, inspector or inspectors respectively, in pursuance of the said act of the 23 G, 3. t. 47, and according to the number of horses and carriages

respectively

AiTeliors acquainted with their appoint* ment.

When no new ones appointed.

©flicera to take on oath.

form of oath*

By whom ad* ttiniftered.

Horses and Carriages. 219

yespectively contained therein, unless omissions are discovered, 49 G* 49* and then assessors are to make a surcharge.

The (irft assessmentis to be for three-fourths of a year, from July 5, 1789, and afterwards for one year from April 5.

Every carriage with two or three wheels, to be drawn by one v or more horses, which shall be used at any time for the carriage Carriages used or conveyance of persons, and not generally used in the affairs otherwisethan of husbandry, or for the carriage of goods, wares, or merchan- ia husbandry, dize, from place to place in the way of trade, shall be deemed *c* a carriage and carriages within the meaning of the said act of,.

25 G. 3. c. 47, for laying a duty on carriages. &c. and shall be entered and paid for accordingly; and if not so entered, the owners shall forfeit 7I. for each, upon proof of the offence before one or more justice or justices of the peace, either by the voluntary confedion of the party, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses 5 which oath the said justice or justices, to whom such information shall be given, are hereby authorized and required to administer; which forfeiture may be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and Penalty, how chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justice applied, or justices; and the overplus of the money rai fed, after deducting the penalty and costs, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and the said justice or justices shall pay one moiety of the said penalty to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the collectors appointed for putting in execution this present act, for the parish or place wherein the person or persons, to whom such carriage or carriages shall belong, shall reside; and the said justice or justipes shall render an account thereof in writing, stating the name and place of abode of such persons respectively from whom the money has been so received, in order that the said of may fee the same duly added to the assessment of the respective parish or place to which the same may belong. ‘

if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prose- ^lainrifTU cuted for any tiding done by virtue of this act, such person or non-suited. persons may plead tlje general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defen<^mt, or the plaintiff shall discontinue the action, or be oon>suited, or judgment shall be given against him or her, then speh defendant shall have treblq colls against any such plaintiff.

Jforfe-Races.

WHEREAS the great number of horse-races for small

plates, or prizes, have contributed very much to the Regulation aa t« encouragement of idleness, and impoveri foment of many of the l"* "or*e* meaner fort of people, and the breed of strong and useful

F f 2 horses

220

>3 *9*

Ai co the prise or glatc.

ft to matches.

*4 G. $

' 31.

Duty to damp office.

Id.

4 Black. 43. "Protected by law.

3 W. c. 9. Burglarious en-7*

Horse-Races.

horses hath bced much prejudiced thereby, it is enatted, that no person shall enter, dart, or run any horie, mare, or gelding, for any prise, unless the same shall be, Sana side, his own property, on pain of forfeiting the same, or the value thereof.

And no plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, shall be run for, or advertised or proclaimed to be,run for, unless such plate, prize' or sum of money, be of the re*al and intrinsic value of sol. or upwards: And if any person shall enter, start, or run any horse for any such plate, prize, or sum of money, under the value of 50I.; or shall make, print, advertise, or publish any advertisement of any such prize under the value of 50I. every such person so entering, darting, or running such horse, shall forfeit 2O0I. And every maker, printer, or publisher of such advertisement, shall forfeit tool. And no person shall dart or run any match for any sum of money or other thing, unless it be at Newmarket or Black-Ham bled on, or unless fucA sum or other thing be of the real and intrinsic value of 50I. — or upwards, on pain of 200I.

Every clerk of the course, or other person with whom any runping horse. See. shall have been entered, shall, within fourteen days, pay all monies received on such account to the distributor of the damps in the county where the race was run, on pain of tool, for neglecting so to do, and tflfo shall forfeit double the amoont of the monies due on such account.

An allowance to be made of 1$. in the pound to such clerk of the course, $ec.

Betting, losing, winning, cheating, and the like, at hoyfe races, are within the datutes of gaming ; for which, fee the title Gaming.

House.

A MAN's home or habitation is so far protected by the JjL law, that if any person attempts to break open a house in the night-time, and shall be killed in such attempt, the flayer shall be acquitted and discharged.

In the case of burglary, which is breaking and entering a dwelling-house in the night-time with intent to commit felony, it is a capital offence, although no felony be actually committed. And where the offence falls short of burglary, it is, by several particular datutes, made felony without benefit of clergy, to rob any dwelling-house in the day-time, any person being thereip ; or dealing in the day-time to the value of 5s. in any dwelling-house or out-house thereunto belonging, although no person be therein 5 or dealing to the va-loe of 40s. in any dwelling-house or out-house, although the same be not broken open ; or breaking a house in the day-time, any person being therein and put in fear, although nothing be doien; or privately dealing any goods to the value of 55. in

any

House

221

Any (hop, warehotife, or liable, although itbe not broken open, ? ^ 9* '

nor any person be therein. And a! reward of 40I. is given to Re^ar^»f »p-any person wh<f shall apprehend, and profetute to conviction, pre cn n* any person guilty of the felonious breaking and entering of a dwelling-house either by day or night.

Duty on Houses in general, and on Windows or Lights therein.

COMMISSIONERS of the land tax shall be of for the duties on houses and windows And every alTelTor, before he acts, shall take the oaths required by 1 c. 18, before three of; which Oaths are the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. Alfessors refusing to take the oaths, or their offices, shall forfeit 5I. by distress and sale.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read to the assessors, the several rates and duties, and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them, and how they ought to make their assessments.

That is to say, for every dwelling-house, inhabited, shall be paid yearly 3s.

But by a late act, every dwelling house, containing less than seven windows or lights, is exempted from the duties imposed by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, c. 38.

Nothing In this act shall extend to exempt from the payment of the duties any edifice in the inns of court, or any chamber or apartment separately, containing less than seven windows or lights.

And, for every window or light in every dwelling-house inhabited, an additional yearly sum as followeth:

7 windows, and no more, — 2d. each.

8 — — 6d. each.

9 — 8d. each.

10 — lod. each.

11 # — — is. od. each.

12 — — is. 2d. each.

13 — - — is. 4d. each.

14, 15, id, 17, 18, 19, is. 6d. each.

20 — — — is. 7d. each.

21 — — is. 8d. each.

22 — r*- is. 9d. each.

23 — — is. lod. each.

24 — — is. lid. each.

25 and upwards, — 2s. od. each.

And every kitchen, scullery, buttery, pantry, larder, wash-house, laundry, bake-house, brew-house, and lodging-room, belonging to or occupied with any dwelling-house, whether joined to it or not/ shall be deemed part thereof, and the windows therein charged accordingly.

And

zoG. t, e.3. Assessor to takt the oaths.

Id.

Assessor'l

charge.

6 O. 3. c. 3S*.

3» G. 3. c. a; What houses are exempted.

What edifices not exempted.

31 G. t. f, to Chargeable,

though fe par tit building.

222

House

% o4J, e. 'Window with farucioa.

Id;

Lighting federal ruoou-

% j G. % .t. so,

r.ffctluiliy

Aopt.

Opening tfter* wards.

Penalty.

% o G.». e. 3.

Occupier* UK*

G. a. e. 10. Refinance of aggressor.

so G. ». e» 3. AlTVlTor's accounts. Coitc&ort.

Allowed hp com mi fit oner*. Si G.*. . 10.

Aopeals, when keud.

*9 c- 3* < 59* K ate of taxation.

Id.

Owner, when deemed occu-pier.

1S G. 3. r. 2$.

firm house exempt*

>9 0. 3. r. 59. O.Hfkes, dec* liable*

And where several windows are fixed in one frame, if the partition or division between them is of the breadth of 12 inches, the window on each side of the partition shall be deemed A distinct window.

And all windows in frames, which shall give light into more rooms than one, shall be charged as so many separate windows as there are rooms enlightened thereby.

No windows or lights shall be deemed to be (lopped up, un-left it be done effectually with done or brick, or plaister upon lath, or upon any other material commonly used to plaister upon, or with the same kind of materials whereof the outside of the house doth chiefly conftff. If any occupier shall open any windows, after the assessments are settled, and warrants for collecting signed, without notice in writing to the survey-or, he shall forfeit ;os. by distress and sale, half of which fine shall go to the informer.

The rates shall be charged only upon the inhabitants or occupiers, and not on the landlord who let or derailed the same.

And if any person shall wilfqlly obstruct or moled any af. feffor in the execution of his duty, he shall forfeit 5I. to be lc* vied as the rates and duties.

The assessors appearing at the day appointed, shall deliver in their assessments, to be verified upon their oaths, and not otherwise. And shall then return the names of two or more able and sufficient persons to be collectors, for whom the paT rish or place shall be answerable. At which time, also, three or more of the of shall fee their hands to the assessments, tedifying their allowance thereof.

All appeals which shall be made between March 25, and Augud 20, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the com* midioners, upon such days as shall be by them appointed between Auguil 20, and September 15. And all such other appeals as shall be made between September 29, and January 20, yearly, shall be heard and determined upon such other days as shall be appointed between January 20, and February 10.

For every dwelling-house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of 5I. and upwards, and under 20I. shall be annually paid the sum of 6d. in the pound : From 20I. and under 40I. the sum of 9d. in the pound: Fron^ 40I. and upwards, the sum of is. in the pound.

Where a house is divided into different (lories or tenements, and inhabited by two or more families, the landlord or owner shall be deemed the occupier, ind charged accordingly.

But no farro-house shall be rated, which is used, side> for the purposes of husbandry only ; and not valued at more than iol. per annum.

Coach-houses, offices, yards, courts, and gardens, occupied with any dwelling-house, and not exceeding one acre, to be valued with the house, and liable to the said duties.

Warehouse?,

House

Warehouses, beingdiflinft buildings, used only for the purpose of lodging goods, are not chargeable with the said duties.

No house (nail be considered as an inhabited house, in which a servant or other person only resides to take care of the same. But halls and offices, that pay other taxes, are liable to this also. [See Windows.]

House of Correction.

BT the 7 y. c. 4, it was enacted, that before Michaelmas 1611, there should be built or provided within every county, one or more fit and convenient houses of correction; which houses were to be purchased, conveyed, or allured unto such persons, as by the justices in sessions should be directed, upon trull, that the same should be employed for the keeping, correcting, and letting to work rogues, vagabonds, or iturdy beggar*, and other idle and disorderly persons.

On presentment of the grand jury, that there is no house of correction, and that it will beneceflary to provide one or more; or that the houses of correction already provided are not sufficient or convenient, or want to be enlarged, the justices in sessions shall have power to build, or enlarge, one or more fit houses of correction, or to buy or hire such houses for that purpose, with convenient outlets thereto adjoining, as on examination of able and sufficient workmen, or others, Hull appear to be necessary for that purpose: And if houses or lands are to be purchased, they shall be conveyed to such persons as the said justices in sessions shall direct, in trust, and for the uses and purposes aforesaid. And the justices in sessions shall appoint, at their will and pleasure, fit persons to be governors or mailers of such houses so to be provided$ and shall appoint such sums yearly as they shall think meet, to be paid quarterly before-hand by the treasurer, the said mailer or governor giving sufficient security for the continuance and performance of the said service; which sums shall be paid oat of the general county, rate.

And the justices in sessions shall take care that the houses of correction (except those erected or maintained by particular founders) shall be duly fitted up, and supplied with imple merits, materials, and furniture, for keeping, relieving, employing, and correcting all idle and disorderly persons, rogues, vagabonds, incorrigible rogues, and others, who shall be sent to, confined, or continued in the same ; and shall make such orders and regulations as they shall think fit, for the better governing and regulating the said houses, and for employing, relieving, and punishing the persons therein, or for fending them to or from thence; which orders shall not be removed by any certiorari.

223

jg G. 3. 53.

Ware house* not chargeable.

Ancient statott for ere&ii^ them.

17 C. 2. Cn J.

JuAice't power in fession to bull* or enlarge.

to make purchasiti.

Justice's appointment of governor. Salary, how paid.

12 O. a. c. 29,

17 c. 2. c. 5. House supplied with implement*, Src.

House of Correction

224

r G. 1. c, 5. Manner of con* mi'.tmcni.

it G. a.r. 24.

<Jtfendc»s taken in a city or town, how dealt with.

7 7* *4-

Governor po-uifhable*

17 G. a. c. 5. ViGcing justices.

to report to the

leilioua*

Prisoner? to be kept to hard labour.

Id.

Negligent governor to be re* moved.

And whereas doubts may arise, where authority is given to any justice or justices, to commit offenders to the house of correction, for offences cognizable before them out of sessions, how long offenders may be there detained, and in what manner treated, where the time and manner of their punishment is not by law expressly limited; it is enabled, that where any offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, by virtue of any law in being or to be made, and the time and manner of their pu-niftiment is not expressly limited, the said justice or justices shall commit such offenders to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour until the next general or quarter-fef-lions, or until discharged by due course of law: And two justices (of which the justice who committed him shall be one) may discharge the said offender before the sessions, if they fee cause ; and if he shall not be so discharged, the said sessions may either discharge him, or continue him further, not exceeding three months.

And where any person liable by law to be committed to the house of correction, shall be apprehended within any liberty, city, or town corporate, whose inhabitants are contributors to the house of correction of the county, the justices of such liberty may commit such person to the house of correction of the county.

If the master shall not, at every quarter-sessions, yield a true account of all such persons as have been committed to his custody; or if any person committed to his custody, shall be troublesome to the country, by going abroad; or otherwise shall escape away from the house of correction, before he shall be from thence lawfully delivered, then the said justices shall set such fines and penalties upon the said master or governor, as they shall think fit; and all fines and penalties shall be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him.

Two justices within the respective hundreds, divisions, or jurisdictions, where there shall be any house of correction, or any two justices appointed by the sessions, shall visit the same twice a year, or oftener, if need be, and report the state thereof to the next sessions. And if the governors thereof shall not set or keep the said idle and disorderly persons, rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, to hard labour, and punish and correct them according to the directions of their warrants of commitment, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves, the said justices in sessions shall fine them ; the fines to be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him as part of the county flock.

The justices in sessions may remove the said governor or master; and if any person removed by order of sessions, shall refuse or neglect to quit possession, for ten days after notice given him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two justices (on producing to them such order of fefipns, or an atw tested copy thereof, and on oath of one witness fif such notice

having

(jOCK^Ic

House of Correction

225

having been given, and of his having refused or neglected to quit possession) may, by their warrant, direct the sheriff to remove him, who shall thereupon clear the possession as in case of a writ of habere facias possessionem.

No spirituous liquors shall be fold or used in any house of correction ; as may be seen more at large, under the article relating to spirituous liquors in the title Excise.

And to defray the expences oferecting, purchasing, and repairing houses of correction, and of purchasing land to erect them upon, &c. the justices in sessions may cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as rates are to be raised by the 12 G. 2. c.29.

. The justices of the peace in every county, riding, division. See, within England and Wales, at their respective quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held next after Midsummer from the time of passing this act, shall nominate one or more justice or justices of the peace, to examine and iospect the several houses of correction within their respective jurisdictions; and the justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required carefully and diligently to inspect the same, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions then next following, as to the state and condition thereof, and the increase of number, or additions or alterations which they may judge necessary to make them more convenient and useful, having regard to the clalling of the several persons who shall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons as are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of such prisons clean and wholesome ; and the said justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and skilful persons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present buildings, to make them answer the several purposes of this act; which plans, together with the report of the said justice or justices, shall be laid before the court at the said Michaelmas quarter-sessions; or if not then, at or before the Epiphany quarter-sessions then next following; which court is hereby authorised and required to consider the same; and if they approve such plans, they may adjourn the quarter-sessions to a further day, for receiving proposals from persons inclined to undertake such work; and the justices, in settling and adjusting such plans, are hereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed qpon charges of felouy, or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of correction for punishment by hard labour, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prisoners ; and they are also to provide, separate apartments in each division of the house of correction, for the women who dull he committed thither.

G*

24 G. 2. c 40.

Spirituous liquors prohibited.

17 G. 2. c. 5. Justices may raise money for repairs, &c.

23 G. 3. C. €4.

Inspectinf

justices.

Cl a fling of prisonerStf

Plant and pro-pofals to b« received.

Separate apart* manta.

(^.

And

226

tz C. 3. c. 64.

to be fitred *p and lurnilhcd.

Ucetifils for labour.

Lid* of prisoners.

How employed, dec.

Materials provided.

T a (k-m alters, or temporary adidanta. u 6. 3. f. 64.

Rules and orders.

Book of entry.

V\

House of Correction.

And the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, any report made to them as aforesaid, to make such order thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case may require. Asfoon as such buildings shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, shall order them to be fitted up and furnished in such manner as to them shall seem fit; and shall also provide such utensils and implements as they shall judge proper, for employing the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour; and the keepers of such houses of correction are to deliver to the chairman of the quarter-sessions lifts of the persons in their respective custody, distinguishing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard labour, and in what trade, manufacture, or business, every such person hath been employed, and is best qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the best of his information and observation; and the court shall, before the end of that section, give such directions for the future employment of the said several prisoners, as to them shall seem meet; and the justices shall, at their general quarter-sessions of the peace, from time to time, order and direct a sufficient quantity of materials for manufactures to be provided, for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds, as they, in their difere-tion, shall think moil proper ; and they shall employ some fit person to be keeper of such house of correction, and may appoint a temporary aflillant or assistants to instruct such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture, which the justices shall think most proper to be set on foot and undertaken there.

The rules, orders, and regulations for the better government of the persons to be committed to the said houses of correction, shall be duly observed and enforced, subject to such additions as shall from time to time be made by the justices of the peace, at their quarter-sessions, which shall be held next after Midsummeror Michaelmas, and which they are hereby authorised to make at their discretion ; and such rules and orders shall be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such prison. And the governor shall have power to punish the several offenders against these rules, by closer confinement; and shall enter in a book, to be kept by him for the inspection of the justices at the quarter sessions, and the visiting justice or justices, the name of every person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the punishment inflicted.

The justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, may and shall cause such sums of money, as shall be necessary for

House of Correction.

227

for all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same man'- G» 3. c. 64. ner as rates are directed to be raised by an act of 12 G. 2, en-ti tuled, an act for the more easy oJjejfingy and of how

county rates. rai e Any justice may present the want of houses of correction to the quarter-sessions, on his view or knowledge thereof; which Id. presentment by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same pre-

manner as if it had been made by the grand jury. All pri- *CQlmenU foners in such houses may be employed by the governor in some work or labour which is not severe, although such prisoners were not, by the warrant of their commitment, ordered to be All prisoners kept to hard labour; and every such governor or keeper shall fett0

enter a separate account of the work done by every person ,a °ur* under that description, and shall account for and pay to him Account of or her one half of the nett profits which he or she shall have the,r v"0,k» half earned, at the time of his or her discharge, and not beforedue top,lonci* No governor, or officer under him, is to fell wine, &c. or any other article used in the house, under pain that every person Wine not to be offending therein, shall, on complaint made on oath, and con- (°,d* viction of the said offence, before a magistrate having jurisdiction there, forfeit iol. for every such offence, and shall be Penalty and dismissed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as assistant in such house of correction, by order of the justices at their next general quarter-sessions of the peace; and no wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into the house of correction to be drank there, unless for a medicinal No wine or purpose, by a written direction, under the hand of the apo- rp,r,ts to bc thecary or surgeon usually attending such house of correction ; and the directions given by 17 G.2. for the inspection and controul by the justices over the masteror keeper of every such house of correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced.

The justices of the peace, in their respective quarter-sessions,

shall fix a reasonable salary for the governor or keeper of the house of correction, and may moreover allow him some proportion of the profits earned by the prisoners.

Governors are empowered to handcuff or fetter any refractory prisoner. The justices of the peace, at their general quar- F'J e' ter sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a minister of the °ry pM"

church of England, residing in or near the place where every ehapiainwith such house ofcorreftion shall be situate, to perform divine fer- friary, vice there every Sunday, and may appoint such salary for his trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding 20I. per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the county 5 but such salary to be diminished, at any future quarter-sessions, if the justices ®yvrhompaid* shall think fit.

All penalties instifted by this act, shall, in default of payment, after due summons and demand made, be levied by distress and falc, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and Seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell; and, for want of such distress G g 2 it.

brought in.

Salary to governor.

Penalty, how levied.

228

House of Correction

To whom paid.

24 C. 3

*.55.

When

Money to he raised on county rate.

Id.

No eontrad by justices.

Id.

J iftice's power of commicmeot.

ff. //. 89. Wurant for it not trcceii'ary

3 Ufl. 117.

Penalty on oot pursuing.

at G. % . 461

w ri es, to whom produced.

it shall and may be lawful to and for any just ice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of the county.

By this act, justices who have not, in pursuance of the former act of 22 G. 3. c. 6j., examined the state of the houses of correction, may enforce the said act at the next or any subse-quest quarter-fe (lions: And when the expences of building, rebuilding, or enlarging such houses shall exceed one half of the annual county rate (on an average of the lad five years), the justices in their (eflions may borrow, on the credit of the county rate, any sums, not less than 50I. nor more than tool, each, by way of mortgage.

The whole conduct of this matter, relative to the borrowing and repayment of money, and also the purchase of lands. is on the same footing with the act respecting the gaols (except the clause which forbids any justice being concerned in any contract for rebuilding, &c.) to which the reader may very conveniently be referred.

Any justice or justices of the peace authorized to convict any person or persons in a summary way, without a jury, may, after the passing of this act, or if he or they shall think fit, commit persons so convicted to the house of correction, in Head of the common gaol.

Hue and Cry.

FOR levying hue and cry, although it is a good course to have the warrant of a justice of the peace, when time will permit, in order to prevent causeless hue and cry ; yet, by the frame of the statnees, it is by no means necessary, nor is it always convenient; for the felon may escape before the warrant be obtained, and hue and cry was part of the law, before justices of the peace were first instituted.

And they which levy not hue and cry, or pursue not upon hue and cry, may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

Hundred.

WRITS of execution, which shall be sued out against the inhabitants of any hundred, on any judgment obtained by virtue of any act of parliament, shall, by the sheriff on receipt thereof, be produced to two justices (1 ^.) in or near the hundred; the same being first proved on oath before the said justices; and the attorney's bill taxed.

Hunting,

Hunting. See Game

229

Ideots. See Lunatics. Imprisonment. See Arrest, Commitment.

Inclosures. (fulling down.)

IF any person shall wilfully or maliciously demolish, pull down, or otherwise dellroy or damage, any fence made for dividing or inclosing any common, waste, or other lands or grounds in pursuance of any act of parliament, or shall cause or procuie the same to be done ; he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. Prosecution to be commenced in eighteen months after the olfence committed.

Indemnity Act.

THIS aft is to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and to allow them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and (olicitors; and to indemnify deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have ne-glefted to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace, within the time limited by law; and to give further time for that purpose.

All such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves agreeably to .sundry acts, before the passing of this act; and who shall, on or before December 25, 1790, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against all forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such neglect or ad-mi ffion.

But this act is not to indemnify any person, against whom final judgment shall have been given, for any penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law; nor to exempt justices acting without legal qualification.

Persons producing appointments and admissions before December 25, 1790, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as

clerk.

9 G. 3. c. .9. DeRroying them, how po-nished.

30 C. 3. *. »*♦ The objects

this tUmie.

Id.

Limitation of lime.

Who not in* eluded in it.

Apoointments and admissions valid within tbfe limited time.

230.

3© G. 3. c. is* Nof if a*o*Hfd,

and legally tilled up.

Further time to oepu'y lieuren-»at», and others*

This sft may be pleaded.

Haw. *10.

V/h<t crimes indidlaole*

L. Rjym. 71a.

Indemnity Act.

clerk, officer, or member of corporations, &c. and may enjoy ail offices, into which they have been elected; and shall be in- 4 demnihed from all penalties and damages, incurred by reason of omissions. This act is not to extend to rellore persons to any office avoided by judgment, and legally filled up and enjoyed by other persons.

Persons, who shall cause affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1790, are indemnified and discharged from penalties.

By 26 G. 3, e, 107, every deputy lieutenant, and every officer then holding a commission as colonel, lieutenant colonel, I major, or captain in the militia, and not having transmitted a specific description of his qualification for holding such commission to the clerk of the peace, was required, within six months after the id day of July 1786, to transmit such description to the clerk of the peace, on pain of being rendered incapable of acting as a deputy lieutenant, or of serving as an officer in the militia again, in case he should omit so to do; but whereas divers persons have, through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, neglected to 1 transmit such description of their qualification as aforesaid, within the time limited by the said act, all such deputy lieutenants and officers, who shall, on or before the 1 ill day of ( September, 1790, deliver in their qualifications, in the manner directed by the said act, are hereby indemnified from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred by reason of such omission or neglect.

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, r may plead the general issue.

Indictment.

THERE can be no doubt, but that all capital crimes whatsoever, and also all kinds of inferior crimes of a public nature, as misprisions, contempts, disturbances of the peace, oppressions, and all other misdemeanors whatsoever of a public evil example against the common law, may be indicted ; But no injuries of a private nature, unless they some way concern the king.

A fast amounting to a felony, is not indiftable as a trespass,

Indorsing a Warrant in another County. See Appendix, No. 101.

Infants.

Infants

231

BY an infant or minor, is meant any one who is under.the age of twenty.one years.

An infant may be guilty of forcible entry, in respect of personal actual violence.

And the justices may fine him, therefore: But yet it shall be good discretion in the justices of the peace, to forbear the imprisonment of such infant.

No age is limited for the binding of parish apprentices; but it feemcth they may be bound after the age of seven, when they cease to be nurse.children, and consequently may be taken from the mother. — See Apprentice.

Servants above the age of eighteen, embezzling their maf-ter's goods to the value of 40s. shall be punished as felons.

I Irrft ft.

Infant defer (bed. 1 Haw. 147.

May be fined.

Dalt, ( iz6*

43 RL c. ft.

Age of biuding.

ail H. 8. 7.

Servants above eighteen.

Information.

INFORMATIONS are of two kinds; 1. Such as are merely at the suit of the king ; and, 2. Such as are partly at the suit of the king, and partly at the suit of the party \ — which are commonly called informations , from those

words in the information when the proceedings were in Latin, qui tarn pro domino rege quam pro feipfo* Cfr.

All offences against any penal statute, for which any common informer may ground a popular action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, before the judges of assize, or justices of the peace in their general or quarter-sessions (having powerto hear and determine the same), shall be prosecuted in the county where they were committed, and not elsewhere; and if the offence is not proved' to have been committed in the same county, the defendant shall be found not guilty.

No informer shall compound or agree with the defendant, but after answer made in court; nor after answer, but by the order or consent of the court; on pain of being set on the pillory, in some market town next adjoining, in open market, for two hours, and of being disabled to be informer on any penal ftktute, and also of forfeiting 10I. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, to be recovered in any court of record, by action of debt or information. And the justices of assize, and the justices of the peace in sections, may hear and determine all offences against this act.

ft llaw. *59. Two kinds.

ftl J. c.4. Where prosecuted.

i8£/. c. 5. Informer compounding.

Inmates.

Inmates,

232

31 EUk* 7#

Families united, 13 Ed. 1 Jt. ft*

ft. 6.

*7 B. 8. e. 16.

Keceflary for passing efiatcs.

To be made in fie months, and recorded.

Dait. c. l8$. PoGtive, noc at discretion.

3 &P 4 c. 18.

Jurors, how qualified.

NO more inmates or families than one may be placed in anyone cottage, on forfeiture of 10s. a month to the lord of thcleet. Hut, by 43 E/isc. 2, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, by the leave of the lord of the manor, and by order of the juGices at their sessions, may place inmates or more families than one in the same cottage, provided they be the impotent and pooref the same parish.

ConGables of hundreds shall be chosen, who shall present before juGices assigned, defaults of the fuitft of towns, and all such as lodge Grangers in uplandifli towns, for whom they will not answer.

Inrolment.

NO manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall pass from one to another, whereby any eGate of inheritance, or freehold, shall be made or take effett in any person, except the same bargain and sale be made by writing indented, seal-ed, and inrolled in one of the king's courts of record at WeG> roinGer; or else within the county where the lands lie, before the cuGos rotulorum, and two juGices, and the clerk of the peace, or two of them at the leaG, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one: The same inrollment to be made in six months afterdate of the writings ; and to be kept amongst the records of the county.

Judgment.

BY many Gatutes, peculiar punishments are appointed for several offences, as pillory, Gocks, imprisonraent, and the like; and in all these cases, no room is left for the justices' discretion, for they ought to give judgment, and to inffift the pani(hroent in all the circumGaaces thereof, as fitch fU-tutes do direct.

Jurors.

THE juGices, at Midsummer sessions, shall issue forth their warrants, under the hands and seals of two or more of them, to the high conGables, requiring them to issue forth their precept to the petty conGables, thereby directing and requiring them to make and return true HGs in writing, of the names and places of abode of all persons, within their respective con-

Gablewicks,

Jurors*

ft able wicks, with their titles and additions, between the ages of 21 and 70, qualified to serve on juries, by having, in their own name, or in trust for them, within the same county where the issue is to be tried, ten pounds by the year at least, above reprizes, of freehold or copyhold lands, and tenements of ancient demesne, or in rents, in fee iimple, fee tail, or for the life of themselves or some other person ; or, having in poflef-Jion, in their own right, a leasehold estate of 20I. per annum, for 99 years or more.

The high-constable failing to issue this precept, shall forfeit 1 oh on conviction at the assizes or sessions.

And if any petty constable shall wilfully omit any person who ought to be inserted, or insert any one who ought to be omitted, or shall take any reward for omitting or inserting any person, he shall forfeit 203. on copviClion before one justice, on confession, or oath of one witness; half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place for which the lift is returned; if not paid in five days, to be levied by distress.-^-And such justice shall, in writing under his hand, certify the same to the n#xt sessions; who shall direct the clerk of thd peace to insert or (trike out the name of such person so ih-ferted or omitted wrongfully.

The petty con (tables, at Michaelmas sessions, shall deli vet in the lifts in open court.

Or, instead of this, after they have com pleated their lifts, it shall be sufficient if they subscribe the same in the presence of one justice, and at the same time attest the truth thereof upon oath to the belt of their knowledge or belief: and theri the said lifts, being first signed by the justice, and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the said petty con (tables to the high con (tables, who shall deliver in the same at the said sessions, in open court, attesting at the same time, upon oath, the receipt of such lifts from the petty constables, and that no alteration hath been made therein (ince their receipt thereof.

The constable failing to make return, shall forfeit 5I. to the king, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information.

And if any person, not qualified, shall find his name mentioned in such lift, and the person required to make such lift, shall refuse to omit him, or think it doubtful whether he ought to be omitted, the justices, at the sessions to which the lifts shall be returned, on satisfaction from the oath of th party complaining, or other proof that he is not qualified, may order his name to be (truck out, or omitted to be entered in the book.

The justices shall then cause the lifts to be fairly entered in a book by the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided &nd kept for that purpose amongst the records of the sessions.

By a clause in the comroiflion of the peace, it is said, we Command our (herift', that at certain days, which you (the justices) shall make known to himi he catffe to come before H h you

133

4 Sf 5- W. «.*4.

3 G. 2. 2<i

High epnftabie'f neglect.

3 6.2. e. 25. Petty constable, if partial,

how punUfcedi

7 pur.*

Lifts, when delivered*

3 G. 1, e. 25. Lift* subscribed and attifted.

7&ZTT.C. 3,. Constable not retiming,

3 G. % . . 25,

Joror not qualified.

7&

Lifts entered and recorded.

Order to the sheriff.

J34

Jurors.

ft Hav>. 406* Jury, when rt« turned.

H. H. 263. Number of jury* men*

3 f7. 8. e. 1ft. Jurors challenged.

May he changed*

1 Inff,227.

Jury confined*

Dr. & 158.

Justice't indulgence.

A new inquest.

1 57, 58.

Assault or threat, or blow to a juror*

3 O- ' 5*

Jurora penalty*

1 K. 7. e. f. Grand jury, when fineibie*

you so many and such good and lawful men of his bailiwick, (as well within liberties as without) by whom the truth shall be the better known and enquired into.

It seems that justices of the peace may not order a jury to be returned immediately, nor on the same day, for the trial of a prisoner arraigned before them, as justices of gaol delivery may, unless the crime amount to felony, or the party consent to be tried immediately.

And although the words of the writ be twelve, yet, by the ancient course, the sheriff mull return for the ex-

pedition of justice; for, if twelve only should be returned, there would seldom a full jury appear; and, in this case, usage and custom makes the law.

fiefides the challenges which may be taken by the plaintiff or defendant, it is enabled, that in cases where the king is party, the justices of assize, or of the peace in sessions, may reform the panels of jurors, by putting to and taking out the names of the persons impanelled by their discretion ; and if the sheriff do not return the panel so reformed, he shall forfeit 20I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

By the law of England, a jury, after their evidence given upon the issue, ought to be kept together in some convenient place, without meat or drink, fire, or candle, and without speech with any, unless it be the bailiff, and with him only if they be agreed.

But, with the assent of the justices, they may both eat and drink; and if they cannot agree, the justices may, in such case* suffer the jury to have both meat and drink for a time, to fee whether they will agree. But if the case so happen, that the jury can in no wife agree, the justices (as it seemeth), in such case, may take such order in the matter, as shall seem to them, by their discretion, to (land with reason and conscience, by awarding a new inquelt, or otherwise, as they shall think belt.

If a man assault or threaten a juror, for giving a verdict against him, he is highly punishable by fine and imprisonment 5 and if he strikes him in the court, in the presence of the judge of assize, he shall lose his hand, and his goods, and profits of his lands during life, and suffer perpetual imprisonment.

In causes of nififrius, every person whose name shall be drawn, and who shall not appear, after being openly called three times, shall, on oath made of his having been lawfully summoned, forfeit not exceeding 5}. nor less than 40s. unless some reasonable cause of absence be proved, by oath or affidavit, to the satisfaction of the judge.

If the grand jury, at the assizes or sessions, will not find a bill, the court may impanel another inquest to enquire of their concealments, and thereupon set fines upon them.

1

1

Jurors. 135

If a jury give a verdict against all reason, convicting or ac- a 309, quitting a person indicted of felony, what shall be done? If llo\ . the jury convict a man, against or without evidence, and against the direction of the court, the court may reprieve him before judgment, and acquaint the king, and certify for his pardon: If the jury acquit him in like manner, the court may fend them back again (and so in the former case) to consider better of it, before they record the verdict; but if they are Must be re-peremptory in it, and (land to their verdict, the court must corded, fake their verdict and record it.

Justices of the Peace

ARE judges of record, appointed by the king, tobejuf- c, s.

tices within certain limits, for the conservation of the Judge* of re* peace, and for the execution of divers things comprehended CQrd* within their commission, and within divers statutes committed to their charge.

And a record or memorial, made by a justice of the peace. . 63. of things done before him judicially in the execution of his Not to be gain-office, shall be of such credit, that it shall not be gainsaid. f*'d*

In ancient times, such officers or ministers as were institut- % Ufi. 558. ed, either for preservation of the peace of the county, or for execution of justice, were, by force of the king's writ in every How formerly several county, chosen in full or open court by the freeholders chosen. of that county.

Besides these conserva tors of the peace properly so called, 33.

there were and are other conservators of the peace by virtue of certain offices, viz. (1.) The lord chancellor, and every justice of the king's bench, throughout all the realm. (2.) Every court of record within its own precinct. (3.) Every justice of the peace. (4.) Every sheriff. (5.) Every coroner. And (6.) every high and petty constable.

There were also other conservators of the peace by tenftre; Id. who held lands of the king by this service; and other confer- tenure and vators of the peace by prescription. *7 P^fenp1101^

The general duty of the conservators of the peace by the . c. i. common law, is to employ their own, and to command the Their duty, help of others, to arreil and pacify all such who, in their presence, and within their jurisdiction and limits, by wora or deed, shall go about to break the peace. And if the conservators of the peace have committed dr bound over any offenders, they are then to send to, or be present at, the next sessions of the peace, or gaol delivery, there to object against them.

Justices of the peace at this day are of three forts; i.Byadt *7/1. 8. <-.14* of parliament; as the bishop of Ely and his successors, and ,.c*ti'd^ow the archbishop of York, and bishop of Durham. 2. By char-

Hh 2

ter.

136

Justices of the Peace,

18 G. *. c.

Justice's qua* litication.

Justice't oath of qualification*

jPepalty for aft* log unqualified.

1 M.feJJT.*.

#. 8.

Sheriff not to art as justice. Havv. 40. Justices' juris-dittion.

ter, or graat made by the king under the great Teal; as mayors and the chief officers in divers corporate towns. 3. By commission.

No person shall be capable of beingorafting a sa judice of the peace, who shall not have in law or equity, for his own use,in pofl'ession, a freehold, copyhold, or customary ellate for life, or for some greater estate, or an estate for some long term of years, determinable upon one or more lives, or for a certain term originally created for twenty-one years, or more, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, In England or Wales, of the clear yearly value of tool, above what will discharge all incumbrances affecting the same, and all rents and charges payable oat of the same; or who shall not be entitled to the immediate reversiou or remainder of lands leased for one, two, or three lives, or for any term of years determinable on the death of one, two, or three Jives, upon reserved rents of the clear yearly value of 300I.

Every judice of the peace, before he acts, at the sessions of the county where he intends to act, shall take and subscribe the oath following: I A. B. do fI truly bona

side ha*ve such an eft ate, in law or equity, to and for my own aft

and benefit,consisting o/* — (specifying the nature of such estate, whether raeffuage, land, rept, tythe, office, benefice, or what else) as doth qualify me to ail as a justice of the peace for the county, riding, or division of — , according to the true intent and meaning of an a8 of parliament made in 18 of the reign of his

majesty king George the second, entitled, an act to amend and render more ejj'cQual an act passed in the fifth year of his present ma jessy's reign, entitled, an act for the further qualification of justices of the peace ; and that the same (except where it cop (ids of an office, benefice, or ecclesiastical preferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by‘their known and ufua] names) is lying or being, or issuing out of lands, or hereditaments,

being within the parish, township, or precinQs of---, in the

county of - , or in the several counties of — — (as the case

may be.)

Which oath taken and subscribed, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace among the records of the sessions.

And if any person shall act as judice, without having taken and subscribed the said oath, or without being qualified as above, he shall, for every offence, forfeit 100I. half 'to the poor of the parish in which he most usually resides, and half to him who shall fuc, with/ull cods. The prosecution to be in six months.

No sheriff shall exercise the office of a judice of the peace, during the time that he acts as sheriff.

Justices of the peace have jurisdiction of all inferior crimes within their commission, whether such cYimes be mentioned in any datute concerning them or not; for all such crimes are either directly, or at lead by consequence and judgment 6f law, against the peace.

The

*37

32

?"

tf

it

ts

.1'

t)

a

3f

fif

afJ

3* «* it

tf*

f

S

n

fi

5l

(#

v<

I*

Justices of the Peace.

The Justice of the Peace, his Oath of Office.

€t YE shall (wear, that as justice of the peace in the county of M. in all articles in the king's coromiffton to you directed, you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, wit, and power, and after the laws and customs of the realm, and statutes thereof made: And ye shall not be of counsel of any quarrel hanging before you : And that ye hold your sessions after the form of the statutes thereof made: And the issues, fines, and amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and all forfeitures which shall fall before you, ye shall cause to be made without any concealment (or embezzling), and truly fend them to the king's exchequer. Ye shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly ye shall do your office of justice of the peace in that behalf: And you shall take nothing for your office of justice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and coils limited by statute. And ye shall not direct, nor cause to be directed, any warrant (by you to be made) to the parties, but ye shall di-re£t them to the bailiff of the said county, or other the king's officers or ministers, or other indifferent persons, to do execution thereof. So help you God."

The justices, at Midsummer sessions 1753, shall settle a table jof their clerk's fees 5 which, being approved by the justices at the next succeeding sessions, with such alterations as the justices there shall think proper, shall be laid before the judges at the next assizes, who shall confirm the same with such alterations, additions, or abatements, as to them shall appear just and reasonable: And the sessions, from time to time, may make any other table of fees, and after the same shall have been approved by the next succeeding sessions, shall lay the same before the judges at the next assizes, who may ratify the same in like manner ; And no table of fees shall be valid, until confirmed by the judges. And if, after three months from the time that such table shall be confirmed, any justice's clerk shall demand or take any other or greater fee than shall have been so confirmed, he shall forfeit 20I. to him who shall sue in three months. The said table of fees shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace, who shall cause true copies thereof to be kept constantly in a conspicuous part of the room where the sessions are held, on pain of 10I.

In Middlesex, the like table shall be confirmed by the two lords chief justices, and the lord chief baron, or any two of them.

Regularly, justices of the peace ought not to execute their office, in their own case; but cause the offenders to be convened or carried before some other justice, or desire the aid of some other justice being present.

36 G. 3. c. if. Table of fees.

to be confirmed by the judge*.

Penalty for non-compliai.ee. Copy in fession house.

27 G. 3. f. l6.

How confirmed

in Middlesex.

Dalt. r. 17V Justice not in hit own calc.

138 Justices of the Peace.

Cro. Cir. 394. Con (table's con dug.

94 G. % . c. 44.

Copy of his warrant.

1 .W*. 181* Offender to be summoned.

Dalt. c. 115, Record to be nade.

Fine to be estreated, and ftnt into the exchequer.

Dalt e. 173. Statutes at large*

Justice's pro-tediion.

N ot to be

abnfrd.

1 Hatv<.

How punishable.

7 ' 5; j

>u<i>ce s ce*

cnee.

94 G* ». c. 44. Notice given him*

If a justice exceed his authority, in granting a warrant* yet the officer mull execute it, and is indemnified for so doing; but if it be a case wherein he hath no jurisdiction, or in a matter whereof he hath no cognizance, the officer ought not to execute such warrant; so that the officer is bound to take notice of the authority and jurisdiction of the justice.

If the officer, in six days after demand, shall grant to the party complaining a perusal and copy of the warrant* he shall not be liable to any action, but the justice only.

In summary convictions, the party ought to be heard* and for that purpose, ought to be summoned in fact; and if the justice proceed against a person without fumrooning him* it would be a misdemeanor in him* for which an information would lie.

In all cases where justices may hear and determine out of sections (viz. on their own view, or confession, or oath of witnesses), the justices ought to make a record, in writing under their hands, of all the matters and proofs; which record* notwithstanding, in many cases they may keep by them. And if, upon such con vision, the offender is to be fined to the king, then the justices are to estreat such fine, and to fend the estreat into the exchequer, whereby the barons of the exchequer may cause the said fine or forfeiture to be levied for the king's use.

Forasmuch as most of the business of a justice of the peace consisteth in the execution of divers statutes* which cannot be sufficiently abridged, but that they will come short of the fub-stance and body thereof, therefore it shall be safest for the justices to have an eye to the statutes at large* and thereby to take their further and better directions* for their whole proceedings. *

A justice of the peace is strongly protected by the law* in the just execution of his office.

Thus, in the first place, he is not to be slandered or abused.

In the next place, he is not punishable at the suit of the party, but only at the iuit of the king, for what he doth as jadge, in matters which he hath power by law to hear and determine without the concurrence of any other; but in cases wherein he proceeds ministerially, rather than judicially* if he act corruptly, he is liable to an action at the suit of the party* as well as to an information at the suit of the king.

In the next place, if any action shall be brought against a justice for any thing done by virtue of his office, he may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence ; and if he recover, he shall have double costs.

No writ shall be sued out against* or copy of any process* at the suit of a subject, shall be served on any justice, for any thing done by him in the execution of his office, until notice in writing shall have been given to him, or left at his ofual place of abode, by the attorney for the party, one month before the filing out* or serving the same; containing the cause of

Justices of the Peace.

of action, and indorsed with his name and place of abode; 2- for which he shall be entitled to a fee of 20s. and no more. — And the justice may, at any time, within one month after jc such notice, tender amends to the party complaining, or to "T his attorney; and if the same is not accepted, he may plead

as such tender in bar to the action, together with the plea of not

guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, si upon issue joined, the jury shall find the amends tendered to

Ik have been sufficient, they shall give a verdict for the defend-

ant.

x If a justice will not, on complaint to him made, execute his S' office, or shall mlfbehave in his office, the party grieved may \\t move the court of king's bench for an information, and after-

:js wards may apply to the court of chancery to pat him out of the commission.

jet

t:

Justices in the Country.

4

g, TT'ROM and after the passing of this act, any justice or juf-

3! X1 tices of the peace, acting as such for any two or more

4* counties being adjoining counties, may act as a justice or juf- tices of the peace in all matters and things whatsoever, relat- j! ing to any or either of the said counties, and all acts of such

& justice or justices of the peace, and of any constable or other

ft officer in obedience thereto, shall be as valid, good, and ef-

jj feftual, as if such.aft had been done in the county or counties ^ to which such act or acts more particularly relate; and all con-

^ (tables and other officers of the said county or counties to

which such act or acts relate, are hereby required to obey the warrants of such justice or justices ; Provided, that such justice or justices be personally rest dent in one of the said coun-ties, at the time of doing such act or acts: And provided, that the warrants, orders, or directions, so to be given and 1^ granted, be directed and given in the first instance to the con-ft (table or other officer of the county to which the same more particularly relate.

^ It shall be lawful for any constable, or other peace officer, ^ to convey and take any person or persons apprehended or taken into custody, to any justice or justices of the peace acting for the said county, and resident in such adjoining county as afore-

j, said ; and in all cases, so to act as if the said justice or juf-

3 tices of the peace was or were resident within the said county to which they respectively belong.

; Sheriffs, and their officers, may convey offenders through adjoining counties, to the gaol of the county wherein the of-

fence was committed.

Justices for counties at large may aft within any city being » county of itself, situate therein or adjoining to such county:

Provided

*39

Crom, 7» Amends to be tendeicd.

Justice refuting, or misbehaving.

tS G. 3. c. 49. Justices for two adjoining counties may act for either.

Must be resident in one of them*

aS G. 3. r. 49. Prisoner may be taken into the adjoining county.

Sheriff and

County justices power in cities. See,

140

33 C. 3- ' 55

justices, may fine constabhs* See,

Application of fines.

for want of dif* trefa, offenders may be com* milted.

Power of appeal to the quarter* icUiona*

No personato be deemed trespai-iera on account of irregularity in proceedings, dec.

Justices in the Country.

Provided always, that nothing in this a£k shall extend to give power to the justices of the peace for any county at large, not being justices for such city town, or other precinct, or any con liable or other officer ailing under them, toad or inter* meddle in any matters or things arising within any such city, town, or precind, in any manner whatsoever.

By this act, two or more justices may impose fines upon con- 1 stables, overseers, and other parish officers, for neglect of I

duty; and on mailers for ill usage of apprentices, provided \

that not more than the sum of ten pounds be paid upon the binding of such apprentice, such constable, overseer, or other officer, mailer or mistress, having been duly summoned to appear and answer such charge or complaint, the fine or fines so i imposed, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, upon such i constable, overseer, or other officer, mailer or mistress respec- I tively ; by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or I more of such justices assembled, at any special or petty feifions, ft to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the I person or persons so offending, rendering the overplus (if any) ^ after deduding the amount of such fine or fines, and the charges of such distress and sale, to such offender or offenders; and, for want of such distress, such person or persons shall be committed to the house of correction for any space of time not exceeding ten days; such fine or fines asmay be imposed upon any such constable, overseer, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of for the relief of the poor of the parish, town ship, or place, where the offenders shall respective- f ly reside, at the discretion of the justices imposing the same; I. and such fine or fines, as may be imposed upon any such maf-ter or mistress, shall, at the discretion of the justices imposing ff the same, be either so applied and disposed of as aforesaid, or I be otherwise paid and applied to or for the use and benefit of V such apprentice, for or towards a recompence or compensation I for the injury which may have been by him or her sustained by J reason of such ill usage.

If any person shall be aggrieved by the imposition of such fine or fines as aforesaid, or by any order or warrant of distress ( for raising and levying the same, or by the judgment or deter- [ ruination of the said justices, or by any act to be done in the execution of such warrant of distress, such person or per- ] fons so aggrieved shall and may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding,

See. within which such person shall reside; of which appeal f ten days notice at the lead shall be given. J

No person, acting under any such warrant of distress as f aforesaid, shall be deemed a trespasser by reason of

any irregularity or informality in such warrant, or in any proceedings thereon ; but any person aggrieved, by the issuing or execution of such warrant, may recover the special damages thereby by him or her sustained, in an action of trespass, or od the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

Where

h

Justices in the Country. 241

Where any penalty, forfeiture, fine, or other money, riiay, Extent of jorif-by the warrant of any justice or justices of the peace, be direc- d'&i°n of jof-ted to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of *rrants^10* any person or persons, if sufficient distress cannot be found within the limits of the jurisdiction of the justicegranting such warrant of distress, on oath thereof made by one witness, before any justice of the peace of any other county, riding, division, &c. which oath shall be by him certified by indorsement on such warrant, such penalty, forfeiture, fine, &c. orfo much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such warrant and indorsement, be raised and levied by the person or persons to whom such warrant of distress shall have been originally directed, by'distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, in such other county, riding, division, &c.; and the money arising by such distress and sale, shall be applied and disposed of for such purposes, and in like manner, as if sufficient goods and chattels of such person or persons had been found within the juris-did ion of the magi ft rate originally granting such warrant; an4 if no such distress can be found, fuen offender or offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded against according to law. —

No justice, who shall indorse any certificate upon, or authorize Justices Indorf-the execution of arty such warrant of distress, which may not not anfWef» have been granted within his jurisdiction, shall be answerable able* or accountable for any irregularity which may have been committed or done in or about the obtaining or granting of such Warrant of distress.

Land-T ax j

Carried into Execution by Commissioners;

Justices not* as such, concerned in it.

TWTO person shall be capable to act as commissioner in any duaiificulon of jLN coutity or riding at large (the counties of Merioneth, commissioner#. Cardigan; Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Monmouth, excepted), unless he be seized of lands, tenements, &c. which were taxed, of* did pay, in the year next before, for the value of lool. 1 year of His own estate.

.. But this shall not extend to of being inhabitants Exceptions, of cities, boroughs, towns corporate; or cinque ports, or the inns of court or chancery.

No attorney or solicitor, or person piafUfing as such, shall act as commissioner, without hating tool, a year as above;

I i nor

Land-Tax*

242

Receiver not to act as a

commissioner. Who to act in citiei.

Oaths to be taken.

When to meet.

Number to be appointed.

Sums, how chained.

Abatement of quota.

Precepts to affessors.

Within city limits, Sec

Assessor not appearing.

Charge to affe/iora.

nor shall any receiver-general, or collector of any aid granted to his majesty, ad as commissioner.

If there is not a sufficient number of qualified of within any city or place for which of are partico' larly appointed, the of of the county may ad therein.

No commissioner shall act, until he hath taken the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, which shall be administered to him by two or more of, on pain of 200I. to the king.

They shall meet at the most usual and common places of meeting, on or before April 30.

At which first meeting, three or more shall be appointed for each division; but this shall not restrair. any of from acting in any other part of the county; and they shall set down in writing, who, and what number of the comraissioners shall act in each division, and shall deliver a copy thereof to the receiver-general.

The of, at such first meeting, shall set down in writing the sums to be charged on each division, in proportion to the sums which were aflfefted thereon by the land-tax ad, in the fourth year of the reign of IV &

Where the proportion upon any division shall exceed 4s. in the pound, two or more of may certify the same to the barons of the exchequer, who may order so much of the proportion, upon such division, to be abated as exceeds the full sum of 4s. in the pound, upon the estates therein.

At the same meeting, two or more of shall direct their several or joint precepts to such inhabitants, high constables, petty constables, and others, as they shall think moil convenient, to be presentors and afieflors, requiring them to appear before the said of, at such time and place, not exceeding eight days after the date of such precept, as they shall appoint.

But no person in a city, borough, or town corporate, shall be compelled to be an assessor or collector out of the limits thereof.

. An assessor not appearing, without lawful excuse to be made on the oath of two witnesses; or appearing, and refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the king, not more than 5I. nor less than 40s.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read, to the afieflors, the several rates, duties, and charges, and declare how and in what manner they ought to make their assessments, and how to proceed in the execution of the ad, via. to charge all manors, lands, tenements, mines, quarries. See. iron mills, furnaces. Sec. salt springs, salt works, alum mines, &c. parks, chaces, &c. fishings, tythes, tolls, &c. with equality and indifference; deduding rent charges and annuities, out of such lands, where they amount to 20s. per annum, or more.

The

Land-Tax.

The of shall assess the assessors.

Every person, whether he hath a certain place of residence or not, Aiall berated for his personal estate, at the place where he is resident at the time of the execution of the ad : And if he is out of the realm at the time of the assessment, he shall be rated at the place where he was last abiding in the realm.

All housholders shall, on demand of the assessors, give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as lh all so-journ and lodge in their houses; on pain of 5I* to be recovered as the other penalties.

In a city or town corporate, persons having their house in one parish or ward, and goods in another, shall be assessed for the whole where they inhabit. But if a person hath goods in any other county than where he is resident, or had his last residence, he may be aftefted for such goods in the county where they are.

Members of parliament shall be aftefted for their personal estate, at their raansion-houses, or places where they most usually reside during the interval of parliament.

Officers shall pay for the profits of their offices or employments, where the office is executed, and not where the salary is payable; but all other pensions, stipends, and annuities, (not charged upon lands) shall be aftefted where they are payable.

By the 32d G. 2. c.33, relating to the duty upon offices, it is provided, that in all future assessments to the land-tax, such offices shall not be aftefted at an higher rate to the land-tax, than they were in the year 1758.

If a person, having two places of residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any personal estate, office, or otherwise; then on certificate of two of for the place of his last personal residence, under hand and seal, of the lum charged upon him there, and on oath made of such certificate before a justice of the place where the certificate shall be made, the person so doubly charged shall be discharged elsewhere.

If any person, who ought to be taxed for his personal estate, shall, by changing his place of residence, or by any other fraud, escape from the taxation, and the same be proved before two of or one justice where such person resides, within one year after such tax made, he shall pay treble, to be levied on his lands and goods, on certificate thereof made into the exchequer by such justice or of.

Every person shall be aftefted for lands where they lie, and not elsewhere. And such lax shall be paid by the tenant, who shall deduct it out of his rent: And if any difference shall arise between landlord and tenant, the of, or two of them, shall settle the same. The tax on foreign ministers* houses shall be paid by the landlord.

Every papist, or reputed papist, being 18 years of age, and upwards, who shall not have taken the oaths of allegiance and

I i a supremacy.

243

A fie (Tors, how alleffed.

Persons, where raced.

Lodgers to be raced.

Persons raced, where they dwell.

Or where their goods are.

Members of parliament at their man lion -houses.

Other payments, where made.

Limited tax*

Person doubly ‘ charged.

Fraudulent era*

Lands, wherq

airelfed.

Papist, double tax.

244

Refusing to take the oaths* double.

Quaker* fub-fciibe.'

AfiXTment* in writing.

A fletfor refuting*

Colle£br*

named.

Duplicate*

signed.

Notice to be (i«cn.

Appellant to S‘*e notice.

Land-Tax.

supremacy, as directed by i W. 8, shall pay double; unless he take the said oaths, before two of, in ten days after the first meeting.

Also every person fwhether papist or not), being 18 years old and upwards, and not having taken the said oaths, and upon summons under hand and seal of two of, refuting to take them, or neglecting to appear, shall pay double in like manner.

But quakers refuting to take the oaths, shall not pay double, if they shall make ana subscribe the declaration of fidelity in the act of I IV. e. 18.

After the charge given, the of shall appoint a day and place for the assessors to appear before them, and to bring in assessments in writing

The assessfor, after he is appointed, neglecting or refuting to serve, or not appearing at the third meeting, without lawful excafe, to be proved on oath of two witnesses, or not performing his duty, shall forfeit to the king any sum not exceeding 40I. to be levied as the rates, and charged to the receiver-general.

The assessors shall deliver two duplicates of the assessment in writing, signed by them, to the of And shall then also return the names of two or more able and sufficient persons, living within the places where they shall be chargeable respectively, to be collectors; for whom the parish or place shall be answerable.

Then three or more of shall sign and seal two duplicates of the assessments, and deliver one of them to the collectors (whom they shall nominate and appoint), with warrant to the said collector to collect the same. And they shall at the same time give notice, at what time and place appeals may be heard and determined ; which shall be at leaf! 30 days from the time of signing and sealing, and delivering the duplicate to the collectors.

Every collector shall, within ten days after the receipt of the duplicates, cause public notice to be given in every parish church or chapel within his district, immediately after divine service on the Lord's day, of the time and place so appointed by the of for hearing and determining appeals : — And shall also, on the same day, cause the like notices to be fixed in writing on the door of such church or chapel.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give notice thereof in writing to one or more assessors, that they may attend, if they think fit, to justify the assessment. In case of an y con -troversy which concerns any commissioner, such commissioner shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until it be determined ; on pain of any sum not exceeding 20I. to be levied and paid as the other fines. Appeals once heard and determined on the appeal-day shall be final.

The

le

Land-Tax

245

s The collector* shall make demand of the parties themselves Collector's is if they can be found, or else at the place of their last abode, or Power* upon the premises charged. And if any person shall refuse or n eg left to pay to the collector on demand, he may levy the same by distreb and sale of the goods of the person so neglecting or L refusing. And the distress so taken, may be kept for four 3 days, at the charges of the owner; and if not paid in four days, then the distress shall be appraised by two inhabitants or a other sufficient persons, and sold by the collector, returning jj the overplus immediately (if any be), over and above the tax, and charge of taking and keeping the distress. If any differ-r ence shall arise upon taking the distress, the same shall be de-3 termined and ended by two of.

If any person shall refuse or neglect to pay, for ten days after Conveying £ demand, or shall convey his goods away, so that distress cannot *00dsav»»y*

j be made, he shall be committed (unless he is a peer) by warrant of two of to the common gaol, until payment of the money assessed, and of the charges for bringing in the same.

Arrears maybe levied by the present of, in the Arrears levied. ^ same manner as the present tax. And where lands or houses v, are unoccupied, and no distress can be found thereon, the collectors for the time being may distrain at any time after; and shall distribute the money to those who contributed to make _ it up.

The collector shall pay the money received to the receiver- Payment quar*

^ general or his deputy, quarterly ; but shall not be obliged to terly.

' travel above ten miles from his usual place of abode.

At every time and place appointed by the of for Lift of money v the col leftors to pay the money to the receiver-general, he f' shall deliver a lid of the money received by him, to such peri 1 ion as two or more of shall, under their hands,

appoint; on pain of forfeiting a sum not exceeding 20I. to be

paid into the exchequer, as the fines on assessors and collectors. The collectors shall have 3d. in the pound, for collec- Coiltftor's tl- -

^ ting and giving receipts, which they may detain out of the I lall payment. If the collector shall keep in his hands any part r> of the money by him collected, longer than the time limited, f or shall pay any part of it to any other person than to the re- Notpayingho# ^ ceiver-general, or his deputy, he shall forfeit 40I. If any dealt with.

collector shall refuse or neglect to pay any sum by him received,

M and shall not pay the same as the act directs, two commissioners may imprison him, and may seize all ellates to him be- longing, or which shall come to his heirs, executors, or ad-

miniilrators. Which said of may appoint a gene- ral meeting of the of, and shall give public notice thereof at lealt six days before ; and the of, at such f general meeting, may fell such estates, or any part thereof, for payment.

The

246

Ollf&ors mate-»r>|t default*

Receiver's duty.

When‘the hun* a red tt*ybe

iued.

Duplicate of futn act'dled.

Double taxes set duwn.

Duplicate to the clerk of the peace.

Clerk's fees.

Clerks dying.

Land-Tax.

The of, at any general meeting, may summon collectors who have fraudulently converted land-tax money to their own use, and cause them to pay the same, to make of the deficiency, if there is any in that place; and if there is no deficiency, then todischarge so much of the proportion charged on such place, as that money doth amount to: And if such collector shall neglect or refuse so to pay, the consmif-lioners may imprison him, and seize and (ell his estate for payment. If through wilfulness, neglect, mi (lake, or accident, the assessment shall not be paid to the receiver-general or his deputy, the same shall be re-assessed upon such division. If the receiver-general shall return any persons in arrear who have paid, he shall forfeit treble damages to the party, and double the sum unjustly certified, to the king. No receiver shall return any place in arrear, after three years; but the same shall be a debt on him and his securities. No receiver-general, or any of his agents, shall maintain an action against the hundred, on account of being robbed in carrying the money; colei's they be together in company, and in number three at the lead. The receiver-general, within twenty days after receipt, shall pay the money into the exchequer. Which, if he shall pay otherwise than into the exchequer, or not within the time limited ; he shall forfeit 500I. to him who shall foe.

The of, on or before August 8, or in twenty days after (all appeals being first determined), shall cause to be delivered to the receiver-general, or his deputy, a schedule or duplicate in parchment under their hands and seals, containing the whole sum assessed upon each parish or place ; and shall transmit a like schedule or duplicate into the king's remembrancer's office in the exchequer; for which tl\e remembrancer, or his deputy, shall give a receipt gratis, on pain of jol. The of shall distingbish and set down the gross sum charged in any division for double taxes, that it may be known how much the double taxes amount to in such division. By the 18 G.2. c. 18, which requires that no person shall vote in the election of a knight of a shire, for any lands which have not been a defied to the land-tax for twelve calendar months next before, it is enacted, that the of, or three of them, shall sign and seal a duplicate of the copies of the assessments to be delivered to them by the assessors, after all appeals determined, and cause the same to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be kept amooglt the records, and inspected by any person without fee.

The of clerks, for their trouble in writing the assessments, duplicates, and copies, and all warrants, orders, and instructions relating thereto, shall have tfd. in the pound, to be paid by the receiver-general, according to the warrant of two of.

On the death or removal of the of clerks, such clerks so removed, or the executors or administrators of such

clerk

v^.

247

Land-Tax.

yi clerk dying, shall, within one calendar month after notice in il writing, signed by three or more of, or a true copy it thereof given or left at the afual place of abode of such person k or persons, deliver up all books and papers to such person or ii persons as. the said of shall, by such notice, appoint; i;, on pain of 50I. with full costs $ half to the receiver-general in ki aid of the land-tax, and half to him who shall sue. a If any assessor, collector, or other person, shall wilfully ne-

11 or refute to perform his duty, or shall be guilty of fraud

a or abuse, three or more of may fine him, not ex a ceeding 40I. which shall not be taken off, but by a majority of r, the of who imposed it; to be levied by warrant of g the said of, by distress and sale; in default of dif-ti tress (if not a peer), to be committed to prison by two of till payment. And all lines shall be paid to the re-p ceiver-general, and paid by him into the exchequer, and shall be inserted in the duplicates to be transmitted into the office of the king's remembrancer.

Larceny

COMES from lairocinium, lairociny ; and, by contradion, or rather abuse, larceny.

Grand larceny is a felonious and fraudulent taking, and ,lt carrying away, by any person, of the mere personal goods of & another, above the value of I2d.

P Ajuflice of the peace, before whom an offender shall be brought for petty larceny out of sessions, may not punish the f! said offender by his discretion, and so let him go; but mud 3f have him committed or bailed, to the intent he may come to his trial, as in cases of other felonies: And if, upon his trial, 1 the jury shall And the goods (tolen to exceed i2d. in value, the ( offender shall have judgment to die for the fault.

' All petty larceny is felony, and consequently requires the wordfekniously in an indictment for it; yet it is certain, that it is not punishable with the loss of life or lands, but only with i the forfeiture of goods, and whipping, transportation, or other corporal punishment.

' If the goods are taken from a man's person, and if it is at- tended with putting him in fear, it is called robbery: if it is 1 without putting him in fear, then it is called barely larceny from the person.

! If it is done privily without his knowledge, by picking of 1 pockets, or otherwise, it is excluded from the benefit of clergy 1 by the 8 ELc. 4. (that is, if the thing stolen be above the va- lueofi2d.)

If it is done openly and avowedly before his face, it is within the benefit of clergy, except where it is committed in a dwel*

Hog-

AlTeflbrr, 8cc. how punished.

Fines, to whom paid.

3 UJi. 107.

Woence derived.

I Haw. 89. Graod larceny.

Dalt. €, 154. Justice's duty.

I Haw, 95. Petty larceny, how far puailh-able.

Id.

When robbery.

Pickingpockets.

I Haw. 97. If open and avowed.

24S

Larceny.

ling-house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, to the value of 40s. from which the benefit of clergy is taken away.

Every person that shall feloniously take away any goods, being in a dwelling-house, any person being therein, and put in fear, or shall rob any dwelling-house in the day time, any person being therein, he, his comforters and abettors, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall be convicted of feloniously taking away in the day time any money or goods of the value of 5s. from any dwelling-house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, and used to and with the same, although no person be therein, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

This requires an actual breaking, and not entering by the doors being open.

Every person that shall feloniously (leal any money, goods, or merchandizes, to the value of 40s. being in' any dwelling-house or outhouse thereunto belonging, although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein, shall be guilty of fe. ony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall be convicted of breaking any house House breaking in the day time, any person being therein, and put in fear, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

But it requires not only an actual breaking, and putting in fear, but also an entry with an intent to commit felony, and is so to be laid in the indictment.

Every person that shall, by night or by day, in any (bop, warehouse, coach-house, or liable, privately 2nd feloniously (leal any goods, wares, or merchandizes, to the value of 5s. although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall apprehend any one guilty of breaking open houses in a felonious manner ; or of privately and feloniously dealing goods, wares, or merchandizes, of the vm-Jue of 5s. in any (hop, warehouse, coach-house, or liable, though they be not broken open, and although no person be therein to be pat in fear, and shall prosecute him to conviction, shall have a certificate without fee, under the hand of the judge, justice, or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, certifying such conviction, and within what parish or place the felony was committed, and also that such felon was discovered and taken, or discovered or taken, by the person so discoveringor apprehending ; which certificate may be divided into shares, if the judges think fit: And the said certificate may be once assigned over, and no more; and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall, by virtue thereof, be discharged from all manner of parish and ward offices, within the parish or ward where the fetony Was committed.

And, on tender of such certificate to the sheriff, and demand made, he shall pay to the person, so entitled, the (urn of 40I. without fee, within one month after such tender and demand; on pain of forfeiting doable, with treble costs*

And

5 rr. c. 9. House robbing by day, If any person be in it.

39 Elc. r 5*

If no person be in the houte.

I H.H 54*. Actual breaking.

II Am. ft.X.

c. 7.

Stealing 40s.

I Ed. 6. r. t*.

in the day.

1 H, H 54*.

to commit felony.

Entering coach-house, Sic.

10 & 11 W*

c. *3.

Reward for apprehending.

Virtue of certificate.

5 An. c. 31. 40I. reward.

Larceny.

And if any watchman, or other person, be killed in endeavouring to apprehend any such housebreaker, his executors or administrators shall have a certificate delivered under the hand , and seal of the judge, orof the two next justices, of such per-,j son being so killed ; which certificate they shall, upon fuf-; - iicient proof before them made, give without fee; whereupon such executor or administrator shall be entitled to receive the like sum of 40I. in like manner. t And moreover, if any person being out of prison, shall com-.g snit any such housebreaking in the day time as aforesaid, and ^ afterwards discover two or more the like offenders, so as they be convicted, he shall have the like reward and allowance of ^ 40I. and also all other advantages which are given to persons who shall apprehend and convict any the like offenders; and shall also have the king's pardon for all burglaries, robberies, '3 and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Persons found guilty of robbing any person in any booth or tent, in any fair or market, the owner, his wife, children, or servants being within, shall suffer as felons without benefit of r clergy.

All perfous who shall feloniously steal any goods or mer-chandize of the value of 40s. upon any navigable river, or from off any wharf or quay adjacent, shall be guilty of felony

without benefit of clergy.

It shall be felony without benefit of clergy, to (leal goods to !* the value of 40s. out of an house, though the house be not ' broken open ; but this shall not extend to apprentices nnder rJ 15 years of age.

c* If any person shall buy or receive any stolen goods, knowing the same to be stolen ; he shall be deemed an accessary af-

ter the fact, and suffer accordingly.

If any person shall buy or receive any stolen goods, knowing them to be stolen, or shall receive, harbour, or conceal J any felons or thieves, knowing them to be so, he shall be deemed accessary to the felony, and being convicted on the teitimony of one witness, shall suffer death as a felon convidl. s*' Persons convicted of receiving or buying stolen goods, know- ing them to be stolen, may be transported for 14 years. f Every person who shall privately buy or receive any stolen ^ lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder, by suffering any f door, window, or shutter to be left open or unfaftenrd, between sun-setting and sun-rising, for that purpose ; or shall buy or rc- ceive any of the same at any time in any clandestine manner, a shall, on conviction by due course of law, although the prin-? cipal felon hath not been convicted, be transported for 14 years.

- And one justice, on complaint on oath by any credible per-f Ton, that there is cause to suspect that stolen lead, iron, cop-

per, brass, bell-metal, or folder, is concealed in any dwelling-

t K k house.

249

5 An.e. 31# Wach men's executors*

Id.

Discovery of two or more offenders*

5 & 6 Ed. 6. e. 9.

Robbing in booth, Ac*

14 G t. 45*

or on any riser. See.

72An.fi. u e t.

Exemption ss to apprentices*

3 W. c. 9.

Receiving ftoltn goods.

5 An. e. 3Y. Har boaring thieves*

4 G. c. if. Receiver traof-ported.

29 G. 1. 30.

Lead, iron, Ac* received.

Search lot lesd, Ac.

250

Larceny.

tq G't. e. 30. Receiver 1 how puntshed.

Goods adrer-

tifed.

Sold, if not owned.

Pawnbroker

doty.

Penalty for not /ecuring offender.

Conviction certified*

house, or other place, may, by his warrant, cause such pfaefi to be searched in the day time: And if any of the same, fuf-pected to be stolen, shall be found therein, may cause the same, and the person in whose house or other place the same shall be found, to be brought before two justices.

And if the person, so apprehended, Hiail not give an account to the satisfaction of such justices, how he came by the same, he shall be adjudged guilty of a mifderaeanor, and shall forfeit, for the first offence, 40s. for the second, 4I. and for every subsequent offence, 61. Jn which case, two justices may cause the said materials to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers for thirty days, and may order the said churchwardens or overseers, or one of them, in every parish within the bills of mortality, to insert an advertisement in some public paper; and elsewhere cause notice to be given by some public crier, and by fixing, on the church or chapel door, notice describing such materials, and where deposited : And if any person can prove his property thereto, upon oath, to the satisfaction of such two justices, they shall order restitution thereof to the owner, after paying reasonable charges. And if, at the end of the thirty days, no person shall prove his property thereto, the same shall be sold for the best price that can rea-fonably be had ; and after deducing the charges, half of the money shall be given to the person apprehending, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or where the conviction shall be.

And every person to whom any of the same shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered (there being reasonable cause to suspect that the same was stolen), shall apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice (having it in his power so to do) the person so bringing or offering the same, together with the said materials: And if it shall appear upon the oath of one person, notwithstanding he was concerned in dealing the same, to the satisfaction of two justices, that there was reasonable cause to suspect that the same was stolen, and that the person to whom the same was brought or offered did not (having it in his power so to do) apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice, the person who brought or offered the same ; then the person to whom the same was brought or offered, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor; and shall forfeit, for the first offence, 20s. for the second, 40s. and for every subsequent offence, 4I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the overseers, for the use of the poor where the offence was committed (if known), or otherwise, where the conviction shall be. And if no sufficient distress shall be found, then to be committed to the common gaol or other prison for one month for the first offence, for the second, and every fnbsequent offence, till discharged by order of sessions.

The conviction to be on parchment, and to be certified to the next sessions, and there fried.

If

[

Larceny. 251

c If any person who shall offer by way of pawn, pledge, ex- 3® *t|

2 change, or sale, any goods, shall not be able, or shall refuse to 2 give a satisfactory account ofhimself, or of the means by which +2 he became possessed thereof, it shall be lawful to seize and de-tain such person, and the said goods, and to deliver him as {bon as conveniently may be, into the custody of the constable 2 or other peace officer, who shall immediately convey such per-r; son and the said goods before a justice; and if such justice u\ shall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause to suspect \u that the said goods were llolen, or illegally or clandestinely ob-x tained, he may commit him to safe custody for any time not k: exceeding six days, in order to be farther examined: And if, upon either of the said examinations, it shall appear to the fa-,c tisfadion of such justice, that the said goods were stolen, or r3 illegally or clandestinely obtained, he shallcommit the offend-:X er to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be dealt \s with according to law. — See Pawnbrokers.

Leather.

ALL forfeitures by the ad of 1 J. e. 22, not hereafter otherwise specially directed, shall be divided, one third to the king, one third to him that shall sue, and one third to the city, town, or lord of the liberty.

Any two justices near where the forfeitures on the said act shall be incurred, or offence committed, may hear and determine the same; and issue warrants for levying the penalties, and cause the distress to be sold, if not redeemed in six days. — And if either party is not satisfied with the judgment, he may appeal to the next sections.

If any currier shall refuse to curry any leather brought or sent to him by any person dealing or working in leather, or shall neglect to curry the same in sixteen days, between Sept. 28, and March 25, and in eight days in the remaining part of the year, he shall, on conviction before one jtfftice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit any sum not exceeding 5I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the poor. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sections.

If any foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be imported, the same shall be forfeited, and may be searched for and seized by any officer of the customs or excise: And every person importing the same, or aiding therein, or being a vender or retailer of any kind of leather gloves or mitts, in whose possession any such foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be found; or who shall sell or expose the same to sale; or conceal the same with intent to prevent the forfeiture ; shall, over and above the forfeiture of the said goods, and all interest he may have therein, forfeit also 200I. with double costs.

}C k 2 If

DirWioa of forfeitures.

9 An, e. tu Before two jef-

tices*

is G, % , e, 2 $|

Currier refuting to curry leather*

forfeits jl. Power of appeal*

6 G, 3. r. 19. Foreign gloves forfeited*

Retailer's penalty.


Leather,

252

fi Cr. J. Ip.

Two junice* out of the bills of mortality*

V.

Informer Sfl. faimified.

13 & 14 C. *. r. 4.

Penalty* if un-licensed.

I €4. Lewd person* to find furetiss.

7rcoS> b. 3* 3.

Libel defined.

j*£. 3*e. 60.

If the seizure shall be out of the limits of the bills of tnor* tality, and not exceed the value of zcl. two justices may hear and determine the said cause of seizure of the said goods. — Half the produce, arising by the sale, to go to the king, and half to the officer who shall seize and fecupe the same.

If any person, in whose poflession such goods shall be found (such person not importing or concealing the lame), shall discover upon oath, before one justice, the person who fold the same to him, so as such vender may bp convicted, he shall bp indemnified.

Le&urer.

LECTURERS in churches, unlicensed, and not conforming to the liturgy, shall be disabled, and shall also suffer 1 three months' imprisonment in the common gaol; and two justices (or the mayor in a town corporate) shall, upon ceriii-cate from the ordinary, commit them accordingly.

Lewdness.

UPON information given to a constable, that a man and woman are in adultery or fornication together, or that a man and woman of evil report are gone to a fulpeded hoofe together in the night, the officer may take company with him, and if he finds them so, he may carry them before a justice, to find sureties for their good behaviour.

1

Libel.

A LIBEL is a malicious defamation of any person, expressed either in printing or writing, signs or pidurea, to af-perse the reputation of one that is alive, or the memory of one that is dead.

On every trial for making or publishing a libel, the jury sworn to try the issue may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty, upon the whole matter put in issue, and shall not be directed by the court or judge to find the defendant guilty, merely on the proof of publication of the paper charged to be a libel, and of the sense aferibed to the same in the indidmene or information. But the court or judge shall, according to discretion, give opinion and directions to the jury on the matter in issue, as in other criminal causes; the jury may find a special verdict; and if the jury shall find the defendant guilty, the defendant may move an erreft of judgment.

Licence

Licence For Spirituous Liquors.

FROM July 5, 1787, the following additional duties shall be paid on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, viz.

If the rent of the retailer's house, be /. s.

under 15I. — — 28

If 15I. and under 20I. — — 2 16

If 20I. and under 25I. — — 34

If 25I. and under 30I. — — 3 12

If 30I. and under40I. — — 4 o

If 40I. and under 50I. — — 4 8

If 50I. or upwards, — — 4 16

Every person who shall take out such licence, shall immediately pay down one eighth part of the money to be paid for such licence, and shall, at the end of every six weeks, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another eighth part of the money, till the whole of the money for such licence shall be paid.

If any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the bands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise, or of such person or persons as they, or the major part of them, shall appoint; and the duties shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London ; but if not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and dillricts; and the said duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be granted : Within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of them, shall appoint; and the several duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh ; or if any such licence shall be taken out in Scotland without the said limits of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their ref-pective.collections and dillricts; and the several duties for the same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted ; and such of of excise, or two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant such licences to the persons who shall apply for the same, upon payment of one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for the same.

No person shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, unless such person or persons shall take out a fresh licence ten days at leal't before the expiration of twelve yionths from the time of taking out such former licence: If any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, 1787, retail any distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters,

without1

253

27 C. 3. #. 30.

Licence paid fee by instalmeota.

By whom granted.

Renewed ten daya before the end of the year*

Licence

254

*7 G. 3. C.30.

Penalty for nc-

gleQ.

Licence for only nc boafc.

Who manage

the duties.

Excise laws extend to this act. Penalties applied.

Money, where paid.

Limitation of action*

Treble eoftt.

99 G. 3. 63.

What persons exempt from further payments.

Penalty on on* licenced dealers*

without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly; or if default shall be made in payment of any sum or sums of money hereby directed to be paid for any such licence, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of tool.

One licence shall be deemed sufficient for a partnership in one house, but no such licence shall authorise the sale of liquors in any other house than the one for which it was granted.

The duties imposed by this a & are to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively; and all the powers of any acts now in force, te-lating to the revenues of excise, are to extend to this act.

The penalties of this act are to be recovered as those by other laws of excise; and one moiety shall be paid to his ma« jetty, and the other to the informer who shall sue for the same.

The money arising from the do ties here imposed is to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

Any action or suit against any person or persons, in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county : And if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue the action or profecotion, or judgment shall be given against him or her, then such defendant shall have treble costs awarded against such plaintiff.

Licences for Dealers in Brandy.

WHEREAS by an act made in the 27th year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, that, from and after July 1789, there should be raised, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective sums in the said act mentioned, upon all licences to be taken out by all persons who shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors, or strong waters, within Great-Britain : It is hereby enacted, that persons who have taken out licences for retailing spirituous liquors, giving a month's no-. tice to the supervisor of excise, of their intention to leave off retailing such liquors, are not to be liable to the payment of any money imposed by the said act, after they shall have so left off; but no person shall be entitled to the re-payment of any sum actually paid.

From Od. 10, 1789, persons dealing in brandy without being licensed according to the ad 24 G. 3./. 2, e. 41, not being retailers, redifiers, or distillers, shall forfeit Tool, for each and every offence.

Licence

Licence for retailing Wine and Spirituous Liquors.

FROM October 10, 1790, the recited duties under former acts to cease, except as to arrears and fines; and from that day licences granted to fell wine or spirits by retail, are to be void. Persons, whose licences shall be so voided, are to be allowed a rateable proportion for the time unexpired, on taking out new licences. From October io, 1790, retailers of wine and spirits, are to take out licences, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, or of such persons as they, or the major part of them, shall appoint for that purpose ; but if in any part of the kingdom of England, not within the said limits, under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and diffricts.

Persons applying for licences to pay as follows, viz.

For every licence to retail foreign wines in England,

if the party has not a spirits* or beer licence, -540 And if the party has a beer licence, but not one for

spirits, - - - - 440

If he has also a spirits' licence, - - 240

For every licence to retail British-made wines in Great Britain, - - - 240

For every licence to retail foreign wines in Scotland,

if the party has not a spirits* or beer licence, 36$ If he has a beer licence, but not one for spirits, - 213 4

If he has also a spirits* licence, - - 1 6 8

For every licence to retail spirits in Great Britain, if the party's house berated under 15I If rated at 15I. and under 20I.

If at 20I. and under 25I.

If at 25I. and under 30I.

If at 30I. and under 40I.

If at 40I. and under 50I. -

And if at 50I. or upwards, - -

The money for licences is to be paid within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, at the said chief office of excise ; and for licences taken out in any part of Great Britain, not within the said respective limits, to the respective collectors of excise granting such respective licences. Licences are to continue in force till October 10 ensuing the granting thereof 5 and if granted between April 5, and October 10, a rateable proportion only is to be charged.

No person shall retail any foreign wine, or any British-made wines or sweets, or any diffilled spirituous liquors, or ilrong waters, after the expiration of such his or her licence, unless such person shall take out a fresh licence for the like purpose,

ten

255

30 G. 3. c. 3S. Allowance on taking newli*; cencet.

Of whom to be had.

Rates of payment Air licences.

Money, to whom payable.

Penalty on felling without liccn ;e.

256

jo G, $. r* 3*.

Executor* may so oni

IJnWerfities, ice, exempted*

Vlatnen.

St. Alban's*

To whom granted.

Who deemed retailers.

Fines, f how

recovered and applied*

Former acts repealed.

Former alts in force*

Licence for retailing Wine and Spirituous Liquors.

ten days at lead before the expiration of such former licence, and so in like manner, from year to year 5 and if any person or persons shall retail any foreign wine, or any British-made wines orfweets, or any distilled spirituous liquors, or (trong waters, without first taking out a licence, and renewing the same, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

On death or removal of licensed persons, the commissioners of excise, &c. may authorise the executors or assignees to carry on the trade for the remainder of the term. One licence shall be deemed sufficient for a partnership in one house. No licence shall authorise the sale of wine. Sec, in any other house than that for which it was granted.

Nothing herein contained shall be prejudicial to the privileges of the two universities, in that part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the vintnet's company, nor any town corporate.

Only the freemen of the vintner's company by right of patrimony, or apprentice ship, shall be exempt from taking out a licence.

Letters patent for Licensing taverns at St. Alban's, are confirmed by this act.

No licence to retail foreign wines. Sec. shall be granted to any person or persons, except to such persons to whom a licence might lawfully be granted by the several acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act.

All and every person and persons, who shall fell, or expose to sale, any foreign wine, in any Iefs quantity, than shall be equal to the measureor quantity, in which the same shall have been, or may be lawfully imported by way of merchandize, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of foreign wine within the meaning of this act.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, as any fine, &c. by any law or laws of excile; and one moiety shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

From October 10, 1790, the acts, which authorize the of of (lamps to grant licences; and which authorize the commissioners of excise to grant licences, are repealed.

The powers of former acts, relating to the retailing of wine. Sec. (unless hereby altered) are to extend to this act; and also the powers of 12 Car. 2, caf* 2f, or of any other act relating to the excile.

Linen

si

Linen Cloth

*57

ANT person, native or foreigner, may, without paying any 15 a. r. 15. thing, in any place privileged or unprivileged, corporate to n cr not corporate, let up and exercise the occupation of mak- v

e ing or whitening of thread; as also of spinning, weaving,

[i making, whitening, or bleaching any cloth made of hemp or a flax only. And all foreigners that shall ufelny of the trades Foreigner*! si aforesaid three years, shall (taking the oaths of allegiance and vilege, respect* supremacy before two justices near unto their dwellings) enjoy *®8 it# a privileges as natural born subjects.

si If any person shall do any ad with any listen cloth, whereby 1 El* c. ii. gc It shall be made worse, the said cloth shall be forfeited, and Daoufiing it*

i the offender punished by one months imprisonment at the lead, and pay such fines as the justices shall assess. And the judges of assize, and justices of the peace, or three of them, x (l 4h) may hear and determine the same in their sections, by 1 information, indictment, or upon the traverse of any prefenu a roent or indictment found before them. And if any person shall seize any such deceitful linen cloth, he shall, at the next 4. sessions, or before two justices (1 make due information of the offence and of thefeizure, or eife shall procure the offend.

er to be indicted at the next sessions; and shall also be bound. Offender in* t by recognizance or obligation, to pursue the same with ef- *»* fed, and to pay the moiety of what he shall recover, to the sheriff or other accountant to the use of the king; and the other half shall go to the informer or prosecutor. And the \ justices, before whom the offence shall be tried, shall certify V the same by edreat into the exchequer yearly at Michaelmas, w, as they do other edreats.

^ If any person shall affix counterfeit damps on cloth, he shall 17 *J®.

1 forfeit 5I. for each piece : And if any person shall expose, or pack up for sale, any such linens, knowing them to be so llamped, he shall forfeit the same, and also 5I. for each piece. r‘ And one judice may convict the offender on the oath of one.

witness, and may grant his warrant for distress and sale; and HowpvinUhed*

' for want of sufficient didrefs, on oath by the person executing the warrant, may commit him to gaol for six months, unless it be paid sooner; which penalty shall go to the informer, de-duding 2s. in the pound to be paid to the condable who shall t. execute the warrant.

Whoever shall deal any linen, callico, cotton, fudatn, &c. 18 C. 1. c. 47, exposed to be whitened, bleached. See. to the value of ten SteaUng (|neA v shillings; or shall aid or hire any other to commit such of- ground!* fences; or who diall buy or receive such goods, knowing them ^ to be stolen, shall be declared, on being lawfully convicted, guilty of felony, and shall suffer death.

No person shall wear any cambrick or French lawn, on pain 18 .a. 36. of 51, to be paid to the informer, on conviction by oath of one w.eannB cim-i witness before one judice; who shall, on information on path bt,ck* in six days after the offence is committed, summon the party,

L 1 ^ and.

258

Seller liable*

as G.3. r. 7*«

Undamped

linens,

fearebed far to the day time*

Forfeited, if found.

14 G. 3. *. 72.

Foieigo calicoes, how to be maiked*

Linen Cloth.

and, on his appearance, or contempt, proceed to examine the matter, and on due proof thereof made, either by confession or oath of one witness, hear and determine the same, and cause the penalty to be levied by dirtrels. The party aggrieved may appeal to the next fetfions, giving six days notice.

But if the wearer shall, on oath before a justice, discover the feller, he shall be discharged, and the feller only shall be liable.

Printed Linens, &c.

TJPON oath made by any credible person or persons, that he*, she, or they have reason to suspect or believe that any linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or British mufiins, or fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, foreign mufiins called coffaes, or other foreign mufiins, printed, llained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for which a duty ought to have been paid or charged by this act, are or shall be in the custody or poflession of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons for the use or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for sale, without having thereupon such (lamps or seals as are by this act required to denote the payment or charging the said duties thereupon ; the ref-peflive of of excise, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or any two justices of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time may issue their respective warrants or orders, authorizing and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the affitfance of a con liable, or other officer of the peace, in the day time, to search for the same, and to open doors, cherts, &o. and to seize such linens, or stuffs described as above, and to bring them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be seized, and every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such commodities aforesaid, so found undamped in the possession of such draper, trader, or dealer, for sale, or other person for the use of such draper, trader, or dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited.

All stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, commonly called or known by the name of calicoes, that have not three bine threads in each felvage, as directed by 14 G. 3. e. 72, shall be deemed to be foreign calicoes, and on their being printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, shall be stamped \Vith the following words, viz. foreign calicoes for drapers, &c. having in their poflession such foreign calicoes undamped.

Linen Cloth.

2 59

Price marked at both ends.

damped, See. or stuffs called British manufactory, without the 14 C. 71* blue threads in the (elvages, shall not only forfeit and lose the Pewltj* said goods, or the value thereof, but shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds for every piece of such goods found in their custody or possession.

Every piece of lluff shall be marked before it is printed. See. # ^ .

in words at length, with the name and place of abode of the p5inti^s name owner or printer, and also the name of the goods which they and place of are commonly called or known by, on pain of forfeiting the abode, said goods, and the sum of ten pounds for every piece or remnant of such goods that shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except those that are d\ed throughout of one colour on* ly), without being so marked.

Linens or stuffs, which are by this act made subject to'a duty of one penny halfpenny per yard fqoare, shall be marked at both ends with the name of the owner or printer, and quality of the goods, with the ready money price or value thereof, before the same shall be prefen ted to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, to be printed, llained, painted, or dyed; and in case the owner is not the printer, he shall deliver a note to the printer, expressing the number of pieces, their quality and value as aforesaid, and the time when delivered to the printer; which note the said printer shall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the said'linens and stuffs, before the same shall be printed, itained, painted, or dyed (except those that are to be dyed throughout of one colour only), on pain that every piece or remnant not so mark-ed shall be forfeited, and the owner, or other person putting out or fending such piece not (o marked, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: Every printer, &c. being the owner, who peM|^ for shall print, (lain, paint, or dye, any of the said linens or g|ea, duffs (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only), shall mark each piece or remnant, at both ends, with words at length, containing his or her name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods, with the ready money price or value thereof; on pain to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect, and also the said linens and Huffs not so marked, which may be seized by any officer of excise; and in case such owner, or other person, so putting out or fending any such linens or stuffs to be printed, (lained, painted, or dyed, as aforesaid, if any such printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, shall mark any piece or remnant of such linens or duffs at a price less than the real value, or ready money price, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge any frame-mark, to - .

defraud his majesty of the duties, every person so offending l#m*

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

L 1 2 The

z6o

Linen Cloth

% k,G. 5.». n. Duties 01 British silks.

Drawback of

dut es on blcachiqf*

14.0. 3. 7W On exportation of linens, what to be done*

id.

Seals and ftafnpt to be taken off previous to exportation*

The provisions of this act shall extend to the duties imposed upon silks. Sec. of 6ritish manufactory, by 10 c. 195 it Ann. c. 9; and 14 G. 3. c. 72.

Two or more of of excise, or two or more jufliees respectively, being satisfied that the duties imposed by this act have been charged thereupon, may order the collector of the duties by this act granted, to pay, out of the money in his hands arising by the said duties, unto such printer, flainer, painter, or dyer, cr such owner, so much money as the duties paid upon the bleaching the same stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, amount unto; and if the said collector shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay the same, the of shall cau.e the same to be paid out of any monies arising by the said duties by this act granted.

Any person or persons who shall have paid all his majesty,« duties by this or any former act payable for any such Jinens, or stuffs, &c. wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, or foreign fouilins, or coflaes, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or any person or persons who shall boy or be lawfully intitled to any such commodities aforesaid, printed, llained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, fros) the person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, may export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such commodities for which the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts ; the person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities, giving twelve boon1 notice in writing, within the limits of the chief office of *excise in London, and twenty-four hours* notice in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such commodities, and of the time and plaoe when and where he will pack up the same, to the officer or officers of excise ; and such officer or officers shall take care to measure the said goods, and to fee that the seals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties upon such goods, and also the frame-marks upon the same, be taken off from both ends of every piece so intended to be exported (except as bere-in-after is excepted); and every such piece shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, who shall take au account of the kinds and quantities of the commodities aforesaid so intended to be exported, and make a return .thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such of to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any fee cr reward for so doing.

No linens. Sec. shall be packed up for exportation, withoct the officers taking off the seals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties, together with the frame-mark; and fecu-xity shall be given for their exportation, in treble the value of the goods; and an oath shall be made that the duties have -been paid. Sec. and that the goods are the same that are described in the account sent by the officer, in tvhofe presence

they

Linen Cloth. 361

they were packed, to the officer attending the shipping, which 14 3. *.7*

officer shall, within one month after the exportation, give to the exporter a certificate expressing the quantities and kinds of such goods so shipped, and that all the duties are paid for the Time, and that security hath been given before the ship-ing the same for the due exporting the same ; and such certificate being produced to the collector of the port where the same goods are exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback of all the duties before paid for such goods so exported; Drawback JU and if fucbcolledor shall not have money in his hands to pay lowed, the same, then the respective of of excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon linens or stuffs printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, arising by this or eitherof the said former acts. ^

All the monies arising by the duties by this act granted shall, 14 . from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty'a D*!,ie8» where exchequer. p*,d‘

All the powers, penalties, &c. contained in 12 C. 2. r. 24, Powers of this or any other law relating to excise duties, for collcding and »a« recovering the duties thereby granted, shall be applied in executing this act.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting the inland Fines,fce. duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for in any of his ma. where fuedfer* jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the courts of exchequer in Scotland respectively; one moiety shall be to hia Majesty, and the other to him or them who shall discover, ia-/orm, or sue for the same.

From August 1, 1785, the old duties on all stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not printed, stained, or dyed in so- fluff*, &c. u reign parts, which shall be imported, shallceale.

if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and Soft wfttfn shall be laid in the proper county. three «ontht<

Load's Day.

ALL persons, not having a reasonable excuse, shall resort 1.

to their parish church or chapel (or to some congrega- Ab<*nce tion of religious worship allowed by the toleration ad) on every Sunday, on pain of punishment by the censures of the church, and of forfeiting is. to the poor for every offence.# —

To be levied by the churchwardens by distress* by warrant of one justice.

262

Lord's Dav

1 y. f. ii.

Shoemaker, how punishad.

3 C, i. c» s. Carrier'* penalty. Drover*. Butcher*.

*9 C«r# 2. e. ji Waggoner, Artificer, c.

Sailing ware*, Ac.

Boats, Ac.

12 IT.

r.ii.

Conviction in ten day*.

Penalties, two thirds to the poor.

a C. j.r. 15.

No shoemaker shall shew, to the intent to put to Tale, any shoes, boots, &c. upon a Sunday, on pain of 3s. 4<i. a pair, and the value thereof; to be recovered at the adzes, (cflions, or leet: one third to the king, one third to him who shall sue* and one third to the town or lord of the leet.

No carrier with any horse or horses, nor waggonmen with any waggon or waggens, nor carmen with any cart or carts, nor wainmen with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any cattle, shall by themselves, or any other, travel on the Lord's Day, on pain of 2Cs.; or if any butcher, by himself, or any otherforhim, with his privity and consent, shall kill or fell any victuals on the Lord's Day, he shall forfeit 6s. 8d. The conviction to be in six months, before one justice, or mayor, on view, or confeiTion, or oath of two witnesses ; to be levied J>y the constable or churchwarden, by distress ; or to be recovered in any court of record, in any city or town corporate, before the justices in sessions; to be applied to the use of the poor, except that the justice may reward the informer or prosecutor with part of the forfeiture, not exceeding one third part. This ztl continued in force one year ; but was inforced as follows: *

No drover, horse-courser, waggoner, botcher, higler, or any of their servants, shall travel, or come to his inn or lodging on the Lord's Day, on pain of 20s. No tradesman, artificer, workman, labourer, or other person, shall do or exercise any worldly labour, business, or work of their ordinary calling on the Lord's Day (except works of necessity and charity), on pain of every offender, above 14 years of age, forfeiting 5s. No person shall publicly cry, shew forth, or expose to sale, any wares, merchandizes, fruit, herbs, goods, or chattels whatsoever, on the Lord's Day (except crying and felling of milk, before nine in the morning and after four in the afternoon ; and except mackarel, which may be fold on Sundays, before or after divine service), on pain of forfeiting the same. No person flia.ll use, employ, or travel on the Lord's Day, with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge (un-less allowed by a justice of the peace, on extraordinary occasions; and except 40 watermen, who may ply on the Thames on Sunday, betwixt Vauxhalland Limehoo(e), on pain of 5s. And if any person offending in any of the premises, shall thereof be convicted in ten days after the offence, before one justice, on view, or confession, or oath of one witness, thejuf-tice shall give warrant to the constables or churchwardens, to seize the goods cried, shewed forth, or put to sale, and to fell the same ; and to levy the other forfeitures by distress ; to the use of the poor, except that the justice may, out of the same, reward the informer with any fym not exceeding one third part. And, for want of distress, the offender shall be set publicly in the docks for two hours.

Fish carriages are exempted*

If

' by L.

Lord's Day.

If any person shall, on a Sunday, take, kill, or destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine for taking, killing, or destroying, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor-game, heath'game, or groufc ; he shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit, for the (irft offence, not exceeding 20I. nor less than 10L — -for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I. — for the third, and every other offence, 50I. to be recovered upon indictment at the sessions.

No person, upon the Lord's Day, shall serve or execute any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree (except in cases of treason, felony, or breach of the peace), but the service thereof shall be void; and the person serving the same shall be as liable to answer damages to the party grieved, as if he had done the same without any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree.

No hundred shall be answerable for any robbery on the Lord's Day : Nevertheless, the inhabitants shall make hue and cry after the offenders, as on any other day.

Any house. See. opened for public amusements or debate, on a Sunday, to which persons shall be admitted by payment of money, or by tickets fold for money, shall be deemed a disorderly house, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit 200I. for every such day that such house shall be used as aforesaid. — The pre(ident, for every such offehce, shall forfeit the sum of tool, to such person as will sue for the same; and every fer-vantor other person, who shall deliver out, or receive money or tickets for admitting persons on the Lord's Day, shall also forfeit the sum of 50I. to such person as shall sue for the same.

Any person advertising any public amusement for the Lord's Day, to which persons are to be admitted by money or tickets, and an/person printing or publishing any such ad-▼ertisement, shall respectively forfeit the sum of 50I. for every offence, either of the aforesaid forfeitures to be sued for by action of debt, within (ix calendar months.

Lottery.

IN this act, the statutes of 8 G. 1, 25 12 G. 2.r. 28; and 22 G. 3. r. 47, respecting lotteries, are recited; and the powers thereby given are to continue in force, except such at are hereby altered.

After the passing of this act, the penalties incurred under the recited acts may be sued for by any persons whomsoever within six months; and the penalties shall be applied, one moiety to the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety, with full colls of suit, to the persons who shall sue for the same.

' In

263

13 G. 3. *. 80s Killing game.

29 C. 2. e. 7.

Process not te be served. Crimea excepted.

IJ.

Person robbed.

21 G. 3. r. 49, Houses of entertainment.

Public amufoment*.

Action withm six months.

27 G. 3. II Former a<SU continued.

Penalties of thnfe a<la, how sued for and applied.

Lottery

264

*7 C. 3. r. Bail to be given*

The vagrant aft extends to this.

Vnlirenfed deal-ess to tkkxts

termed ?a-grant*.

H-)w to be dealt ewi U.

jw^toes re-^uiied tyo» Xiih.

What insurance a-to*ed.

UnUcenfrd

ioturers.

Penalty paid, no impiiioa-ntuu

In every action for penalties, the defendant shall be obliged to give bail to answer it: Provided that the bail required to be given shall, in no case, exceed the Turn of 500I.

And whereas, by 17 G.2. c. 5, the full powers whereof are-extended to this act, all persons playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds : And whereas all lotteries not established by act of parliament,' in Great Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and public nuisances; and whereas all adventuring with lottery tickets, in such lotteries as are established by act of parliament, other than by the actual sale of tickets, and of such shares thereof as are permitted by law to be sold, is wholly prohibited by the said act of 22 3. 47 ;

The said 17 0,2. e. 5, shall be extended to all persons who shall deal in tickets without taking oat a licence pursuant to 22 G.3. c.47, or fell chances of any ticket, or share thereof,

for a day, or part of a day, or any less time than the whole time of drawing in any lottery; or insure, for or against the drawing of any such ticket or tickets ; or receive any money or goods, to repay any sum or sums of money, or to deliver the same, upon any other chance or chances, relative to the drawing o( any such ticket or tickets: All such shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the true intent and meaning of 17 G. 2. c. 5, and shall be punishable as such accordingly. All persons who ill all be found offending against this act, in the manner above mentioned, shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before some justice or juliices of the peace, who (half and may, upon full and sufficient proof of the offence, order such offender to be sent to the house of correction, there to remain until the next general or quarter l'eflions of the peace; and the juliices, at such feiTions, shall proceed therein according to the directions of the said act; and aH juliices of the peace. &c. are hereby impowered and strictly required to use their utmost endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offences aforesaid, by all lawful ways and means; and are hereby indemnified for any thing done in execution of this act.

From the passing of this act, the posselfor of a whole ticket may insure it, by a written agreement, for its full value. — But such insurance mult be for the whole time remaining of the drawing ; and the ticket mull be deposited with the receiver general of the stamp duties, or some perfoo appointed by him to receive it : Provided, that every such ticket so deposited may be assignable, together with such insurance.

Persons not duly licensed making insurances, become liable to the penalties of keeping unlicensed lottery offices.

No person, against whom any action, for the recovery of a pecuniary penally, hath been commenced and carried on with effect, shall be liable to imprisonment as a rogue and Vagabond unde; this act for th* same offence; nor shall any person who

Vw w

265

Lottery.

who has been convicted and sentenced to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act, be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary penalty for the same offence.

All penalties and forfeitures, which shall belong to his ma- 27 G. 3. e. ?. jesty, and which shall be received by any officer, in the execu- Application of tion of this act, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver- Penat,M* general of the (lamp-office for the time being, who thereout shall pay the expence the said office shall be put to in executing this act; and shall pay the residue into the receipt of the exchequer at such time, and in such manner, as other penalties due to his majesty are or shall be paid or payable.

If any person shall at any time or times be sued, for any If plaintiff non* thing done in pursuance of this act, and if, upon the trial, a fu»t*d, treble verdict shall pass for the defendant, of the plaintiff shall be co '* non-faited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

Lunaticks.

1 TT shall be lawful for two or more justices, where a lunatick 17 . a. c» 5. X or mad person shall be found, by warrant directed to the

May be tppre*

or precinct, as such justices shall, under their hands and seals, bended. f direct and appoint, and (if such justices find it necessary) to be there chained, if the settlement of such person shall be within such county or precinct. And if such settlement shall not be there, then such person shall be 4ent to his settlement ' by a vagrant pass (mutatis mutandisJ, and shall be locked up or Sent to settle*

‘;! chained by warrant of two justices of the county or precinct, roenC to which such person is so sent, in manner aforesaid. grant.

And the reasonable charges shall be paid (such charges being first proved upon oath) by order of two justices, direct- Charge*, by ing the churchwardens or overseers, where any goods, chat- m tels, lands, or tenements of such person shall be, to seize and ^ fell so much of the goods and chattels, or receive so much of the annual rents of the lands, as is necessary to pay the same;

& and to account for what is so seized, fold, or received, to the ^ next quarter-sessions: But if such person hath not an estate to f satisfy the same, over and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his family, then such charges shall be paid by the & parish, town, or place to which such person belongs, by order , of two justices, directed to the churchwardens or overseers for Iff that purpose.

I* Any person aggrieved, by any act of such justices out of fef- Power of tppeal. 1^ fions, may appeal to the next sessions, giving reasonable no-f tice; whose order therein shall be final.

Mm ' Any

constables, churchwardens, and overseers of the place, or some of them, to cause such person to be apprehended, and kept safely locked up in some secure place, within the county

2 66

>9 O3. c» ?j.

Licensed houset for luoaiicki.

$1 On % C, Penalty for 4«-ftrojring tbt roots*

Commitment on default.

% 6? *3 C* *

> . r Maiming* *«

lony.

1 Haw. *49*

Definition*

i /?</. 3./* *

14-

Lunaticks.

No person, on pain of 500I. shall entertain or confioe, in any house kept for the reception of lunaticks, more than one lunatick at one time, without a licence to be granted yearly by the college of physicians within London and Westminster, and feren miles thereof, and within the county of Middlesex, and elsewhere by the j unices in sessions.

Madder.

IF any person shall deal and take away, or wilfully and na* liciously pull of or destroy any madder roots, and shall be convicted thereof before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall, for the first offence, pay to the owner such satisfaction for damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint; and moreover shall pay down, upon conviction to theoverfeer for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 10s. as to the jaftice shall seem meet; and if he shall not make such recompence, and also pay such sum to the use of the poor, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any space not exceeding one month, or may order him to be whipped by the constable or other officer, as to the said justice shall seem meet; and for the second offence, he shall by such justice be committed to the house of correctioa for three months. Profecption to be commenced within thirty days*

. Maim.

IF any person shall maliciously cut off or disable any limb or member of any subject, with intention to maim or dif* figure him, the person (o offending shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy; but not to work corruption of blood.

Maintenance.

MAINTENANCE (manu is an unlawful taking

in hand or upholding of quarrels or suits, to the disturbance or hindrance of common right.

No person shall take upon him to maintain quarrels, nor parties in the country, to the disturbance of the common law.

Embracery

Maintenance

Embracery is a Species of Maintenance.

ANY attempt whatsoever to corrupt, or influence, or in-flruA a jury, or any way incline them to be more favourable to the one side than to the other, by money, promises, letters, threats, or persuasions, is a proper aA of emoracery.

No person shall embrace any jurors, on pain of 10I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue within a year.

If any juror shall take any thing to give his verdict, both he, and the embracer, shall forfeit ten times as much, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue*

Additional Malt Duty.

FROM Jan. 5, 1791, the following additional malt duties were by this act to be paid, viz. for every bushel of malt, made in England, Wales, and Berwick ypon Tweed, 3d. and for every bushel made in Scotland, id. For every bofhel brought from Scotland into England, &c. i-J-d. over the duty upon malt made in Scotland. For every bu&el of malt in the possession of any maltster, &c. on Jan. 5, 1791, an additional duty of 3d. in England, &c. and of ifd. in Scotland.

Malt (Sec also Excile.)

BY this act, which is continued by an annual bill, 6d. is to be paid for every bushel of malt made within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed; 3d. within Scotland3 and if brought into England, with a certificate of the payment of 3d. only 3d. more; if without a certificate, 6d.

For every quarter of malt made and locked up for exportation, and exported, shall be paid a duty of 3d.

The additional temporary duties on malt imposed by 31 .

3. c. a, are by this act taken off.

Marine Forces.

MARINE forces are those employed in his majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain.

After March 25, 1787, during the continuance of this a A, every marine' officer and private man on shore, who shall mu-M m 2 tiny

&6f

x Haw. 259*

What is embracery.

p I f.j. c. 9« Penalty.

31 Ed. 3. U Juror bribed, now puaUked,

31 G. 3. e. % . Addidoaal duty#

is Ann. ft. I.

r. 2.

27 G, 3. t» 13*

32 G.3. r. 6*

27 G. 3. . 3. U nder whole diisdion.

Penalty for mutiny, Jtc.

268

- *7 G* 3* *' 3-

Court-mart'ah

Corporal pu* nishment.

Power of lord* of admiralty.

Limitation of punishment.

Id.

General court-martial.

Officers to be sworn.

Oaths administered and taken.

Oath taken.

Marine Forces.

tiny or desert, &c. or lift in any other regiment, or shall be found deeping on, or shall desert his poll, or bold corref-pondence with the enemies of his majesty, or who shall strike or disobey his superior officer, shall suffer deaths or such po-nifhmentas a court martial shall inflict.

The lord high admiral, or of for executing that office, may grant a commission for holding a general court-martial, See. at any place or places on shore, in this realm, or in any other of his majesty's dominions.

Courts-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, &c.

Lords of the admiralty are impowered, by this act, to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion, &c. and to constitute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes or offences specified in such rules and articles, and inflict punishments, by sentence or judgment for the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

Provided always, that no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb by the said rules or articles, within the kingdom of Great Britain, except for such crime or crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this act.

No general court-martial shall consist of less than 13 ; and the president to be a field-officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. Every such court-martial may administer oaths to witnesses.

The officers are to be sworn as follows, before the court, and judge-advocate, or his deputy:

You shall well and truly try and determine, according to the rp/-

dence which shall be given in the matter now , between

our sovereign lordthe king's majrjlyi and the pris oner to be tried* So help you God.

/ A. B. dc swear, that I will duly administer just ice, according to an act of parliament now in force, for the regulation of his

majesty's marine forces while on shore, and according to the rales and articles made in pursuance of the said of parliament for the

putiishment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein reffectively mentioned, without partiality, favo or ajj'cdion ; and if any doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said act of parliament, or the said rules and articlesaccording to my

the btft of my understanding, and the custom of war in like

And 1further swear, that I will not divulge the sentence of the court, until it shall be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more of the of for executing the office of lord high

admiral of Great Britain ; neither will I, upon any , at

any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial,unless required to give dene/ thereof as a witness, by a court of justice, in a due course of law: So help me God.

After

Marine Forces.

b After which, the judge-advocate is to be sworn, by the pre-s fluent, in the following words:

I A.B. do swear, that I wi not, upon any account, at any lj time whatsoever, disclofe or discover the 'vote or opinion any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give e vidence ;* thereof, as a witness, by a court ofjuft ice, in a due course of law:

;5 So help me God.

J: No sentence of death shall be given against any offender by any such general court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine officers 3 present shall concur therein ; and if there be more officers pre-' lent than 13, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence s of two thirds of the officers present, and no proceeding or trial s shall be had upon any offence but between the hours of eight in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example, j The party tried by any general court-martial, to be held 39 aforesaid, shall be intttled to a copy of the sentence and pro-,3 ceedinge of such court-martial, upon demand thereof (he or H. they paying reasonably for the same), at any time not sooner ^ than three months after such sentence.

^ Every judge-advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court-martial, is hereby required to transmit, with as much expedition as time and place will admit, the proceedings and sentence of such court-martial to the secretary of the ' admiralty for the time being; which proceedings shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the office of the admiralty , of Great Britain, that the persons intitled thereto may be en-abled to obtain copies thereof.

No marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted ^ or convictedof any offence at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second time for the same of-' fence ; and no sentence given by any court-martial, and Ugn-cd by the president thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once.

1 If any officer or private man shall desert his majeily's fer-

f, vice in any of his dominions beyond thefeas, or elsewhere, and shall escape or be brought into this realm, such officer or pri-t* vate man shall be tried for the same, as if the same offence had > been committed within this realm.

'! Nothing in this act shall exempt any marine, either officer or private man, while on shore, from being proceeded against :'r by the ordinary r.ourse of law.

No person or persons, being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences, by the civil magistrate, '* shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the same, otherwisethan by cashiering.

If any marine officer, or private man, shall be accused of any crime punishable by the known laws of the land, such ac->{ cufed person shall be delivered over to the civil magistrate. —

^ Officers refusing to deliver over such offenders, and being y ( thereof

269

z7C. 3. c. 3.

Jodge advocate's oath.

Nine officer* concur, or tor© thirds.

Honrs of trial*

Copy of proceedings.

Proceedings transmitted to the admiralty.

Id.

Only one trial.

Deserter coming trorr abicad, huw tried.

Marine not ei-en pt from due cotrfe of law.

Orly one pu-nishment.

Offender delivered to civil magistrate.

Marine Forces,

270

17 G. 3. f. 3» Penalty on of* ftcers ivlultog.

FW&itinus names allowed.

Constables lower of billeting.

BWetting, m by law repaired.

Unequal billetting.

thereof convictecl, before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fad was committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipfofma* cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office of employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

Fictitious names allowed by his majesty's order upon the muster-rolls for the maintenance of officers* widows, are not to be construed a false master; bat the paymaster is to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver.

Constables, and chief magistrates, are by this act required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men, in his majesty's service, in inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and all house of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses, but in no distillers* or (hop-keepers* houses, or in any private houses, without the consent of the occupier.

if any marine officer shall take upon him to quarter private men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or (halt nfe or offer any menace or com pul ft on to any mayors, constables, or other civil officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty; such marine officer shall, for every such offence (being convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses), be deemed and taken to be ipso fast* cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

If any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such constable, officer, or magistrate (such chief officer or magistrate not being a just ice of the peace), has quartered or billetted in his house a greater number of marines than he ought to bear ia proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such marines are quartered; or if such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then, on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city, or liberty, such justices respectirely shall have power to relieve such person, by ordering so many of the said marines to be removed and quartered upon such other persons

as

Marine Forces

h

it

t?

i

rj

T2

-V

Jf

r t

X

3;

It

sf

a>

C5

ft

3:

If

!?'

A*

rrf

is

X

ti

t'

6

ii $ y

'i

i

-4

']fJ

tfj

is

271

as they shall see cause; and such other persons shall be obliged *7 C. 3. r. . to receive such marines accordingly.

Marine officers and private men so quartered shall be fur- BHiett alhw-nished with diet and small beer by the owners of the inns, li- "«. very (tables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and other houses; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein.after mentioned, to be payable out of the fubfiHence-xnoney for diet and small beer.

If any inn-holder shall be desirous to furnish such non-com- for fault million officers and private men with candles, vinegar, and salt, and with either small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non-commission officers or private men the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; in such case, the non-commission officers and private men 10 quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer who shall receive the pay and subsistence of such non-commission officers and private men, shall pay the several sums herein-after mentioned out of the fobfiflence-money for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder, or other person, on whom such non-commission of- ^ ficers and private men are quartered.

If any marine officer shall take, or cause, or suffer to be No bribe far taken, any money for excusing the quartering of officers or private men, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, lenn*-every such officer shall be cashiered.

The commanding officer may exchange marines in their Eichangeof quarters, and the constables are required to billet the same ac- 9u-rter<* cordingly; provided the number is not increased by any such exchange.

No paymaster, or other officer or person whatsoever, shall No dedua^u make any deductions whatsoever, out of the pay of any marine, of P*v c*"ePc either officer or private man, other than the nfual deductions f*cJ°ath,n*> for cloathing, and twelve pence in the pound to be disposed of as his majesty shall think fit; and the one day's pay in the year for the use of the royal hospital at Chelsea; and such other necessary deductions as shall, from time to time, be di-u rected by the lords of the admiralty, under their hands.

Every officer or other person to whom it belongs to receive Officer to y»y the pay or ftibfiltence money for one or more particular conv- inn kccpeis, pany or companies of the said marine forces, shall give public &c* notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered, within four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same, and shall pay the demands of such inn-keepers and others, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed either to the officers or

private

2J2

*7 £? J- f- !

Penalty on not

£|WIDJJ Ot>t‘C.C.

Accounts settled on re-blowing.

Q^srtering in Scotland.

Carriage* fro^ f»ded»

Payment pet mkie %

Marine Forces.

private men : Provided the said accounts exceed not, for one marine commission officer under the deg of a captain, for such officers diet and small beer, per diem, one shilling ; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each such horse or horses, for their hay and straw, per diem, sixpence ; nor for one private man's diet and small beer, per diem, fourpence.

if the officers do not give notice of fubfi lie nee-money, and paying quarters, on complaint thereof by two witnesses at the next quarter-sessions, the payrnafler shall satisfy them out of the arrears due to such officers, upon penalty that such payrnafler or person shall forfeit their respective place or places of pay-mailer, or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case of no arrears due, the payrnafler may dedud out of the next fubfnlence-money the sums he shall pay, pursuant to the certificate of the said justices ; and such officer or officers shall, for such their offence, or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsidence-money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipjo facto cashiered.

On moving from quarters, the officer is to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper pay-mailer of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due.

Officers, &c. are to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct.

Justices of the peace shall order constables to provide carriages, with able men to drive the same, for the marine forces in their march; being duly required thereunto by the lords of the admiralty, by an order in writing under their hands* And in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within the division or precind from, through, or near which such marines are ordered to march, the next justice or justices shall, upon such order being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, iffine his or their warrant Or warrants to the high constables, or petty constables, of such next county, division, or precind, to make up such deficiency: The officer or officers, at the same time, to pay down in hand to the said constable, or petty con liable, for the use of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, is. for every mile any waggon, with five horses, shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel; and every mile any cart

with four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less carriages ; for which respective sums so received, the said constable, or pfetty constable, is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the same: And such constable, or petty constable, shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective liberties.


Marine Forces*

273

ties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnHh such *76* 3* ^3* carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who c°nft»We*i are hereby required to provide and furnish the same ac* ^uljr* cordingly.

No marine officer shall force and constrain any waggon, or °ne *)'* jottr-carriage, to travel more than one day's journey, but shall dif- ne* charge the same in due time for their return home, and shall not suffer any marine or servant (except such as are (ick), nor any woman, to ride in the waggon or carriage aforesaid ; nor shall force any constable or petty constable, by threats, to provide faddle horses for themselves or servants, nor shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants, or private men ; every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit Officer mifbe* jl 5 proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his ma- h*ing. jesty's justices of the peace for same county or riding, who are to certify the same to the proper paymaster of his majesty's marine forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid 5I. according to order and appointment under the hands and seals of such justices of the peace ; and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

. If any high constable, or petty constable, shall wilfully ne- Confftble'inc^ gle& orrefufe to execute any such warrant of the said justice or juIlices of the peace, for providing carriages; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable, or petty con-liable, to provide and furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other person shall or other person, wilfully do any ad or thing, whereby the execution of such warrant shall be hindered; every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed ; and all such offences Penalty, may be enquired of, and fully determined, by two of his majesty's julfices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed ; who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

The treasurer or treasurers of each county shall, without fee or reward, pay junto the constable all and every reasonable 11 e ' sum or sums of money by him laid out for carriages, over and above what ought to have been paid by the marine officer requiring them, out of the county stock.

If the said public Hock of the county or riding be not suffi- Justices may cient, thejuilices, in the general quarter-sessions, shall have wUhmeney j'ower to raise monies upon the respective counties or ridings, in such manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to satis/y the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

No waggon or carriage, impressed by authority of this act, WfSght limited* shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry above

twenty hundred weight.

Nn

Carriage*

Marine Forces

2 74

*7 G. 3. e. 3. Carriages in Scotland.

Quartering vuves and children against ton-IcQl.

Officers, 8cc, deft roying game.

D carters.

Reward for ap. prehending.

Concealing de« letters.

Limitation of time of proccfj.

Marine volunteer, how far exempt from ar(eft*

What done in* Head of irreft.

Carriages in Scotland shall be provided, as was directed by the law in force in Scotland at the time of the anion, with regard to the furnishing carriages for land forces.

If any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers, shall, at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants, of any officer or marine in any such houses, against the consent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the lords of of the admiralty, be cashiered;

and if a constable, tithingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved 20s. upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace; to be levied, by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deduding reasonable charges in taking the same.

Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game, the same as under the article Game. N. B. This claafe was aot in the former act of 28 G. 2. c. II.

Marines deserting are to be treated as deserting soldiers (which article fee), except that the account h to be transmiu ted to the secretary of the admiralty, instead of the secretary at war.

The reward for apprehending deserters is the same respect-inga marine, as a fold ier — which article fee.

The penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, &c. is the same as in the case of soldiers.

The continuance of this act is for one year.

Offences against former acts, respecting marine forces, mty be enquired of, and punished as under this act.

No person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any offence committed against any of the said former acts, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial; except only for the offence of desertion.

No volunteer, as a marine, shall be liable to process, unless forfome criminal matter, or except for a real debt of the value of 20I. of which an oath must be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. If any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, one or more judge or judges may examine into the same by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and by warrant discharge such marine so arrested, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof that such marine so arrested was legally enlisted as a marine, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act; and also may award to the party so complaining such cols as he or they shall think reasonable.

Instead of an arrest for a marine's just debt, it shall be lawful for any plaintiff, upon notice lirft given in writing of the cause of action, to hie a common appearance in any action to

bf

Marine Forces.

2 75

be brought upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to in- *7 £ 3*c* 3* title such plaintiff to proceed therein, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid.

No marine, being arrested or confined for debt, in any pri- on

son, gaol, or other place, shall be intitled to any part of his j°Jl#nctacnt ~ pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

Any constable, beadle, or other officer or person, who shall nf«

neglect or refuse, for the space of two hours, to quarter or bil- *" 9"* let such officers or marines, when thereunto required, provided teno<* sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces ; or shall take (honey to excuse any person from quartering; and any victualler who shall refuse to receive marines so quartered or billetted, and shall be thereof convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), shall forfeit, for every such offence, not more than 5I. nor less than 40s. to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant to be directed to any other constable within the county/city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the paritti where the offender shall dwell; and the said penalty, when levied, shall be paid to the overseers of the poor, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of the paritti where the offence shall be committed.

To prevent abuses in quartering, justices may order con- Account to juf. ttables to give an account of the number of officers and private dees, men, and where quartered, that he or they may be the better enabled to prevent or punitti all abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

Enlistine. — The same as in the case of soldiers, fee that Entitling, as article; except that the magistrate mutt, in this case, not be foMfars, an officer of marines ; and that theand third sections of ex<*

the articles of war, for the better government of his majesty's cepUon marine forces while on shore, read to him or them, and that he or they mutt take the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly inlitted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required'; and every officer of marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof, upon oath by two witnesses, before a general court-martial, shall, for such offence, be forthwith cashiered, and be disabled to hold any civil or military, office or employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service.

N n a

Where

Marine Forces

276

*7 G. 3. r. 3.

Union of officer* for courts-msrtisl.

1

Marine forces, bow regulated*

Where* sufficient number of marine officers cannot be conveniently assembled, or in matters wherein any of his majesty'i land forces may be interested, officers of the land forces may be associated with the marine officers for the purpose of hold* ing courts-martial; and proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were composed of marine officers only ; and the officers of the marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by an act made in the twenty.second year of the reign of his late majesty king George the second, intituled, an act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his majesty'* ships, vessels, and forces by sea.

Militia.

46 G.3.r. 107* Called out once jeer*

Names end

ranks of officers*

Rink as regulars

in abfeoee of lieutenants.

Commission not vacated*

Id.

Lieutenant*!

power.

Deputies?

THE lieutenants of counties, appointed by his majesty, are required to call out the militia once in every year, and appoint deputies and officers, properly qualified, to train and discipline thpm. They shall certify to his majesty the names and ranks of all such officers so appointed ; and in case his majesty shall, within fourteen days, signify his difappro-bstion of any of the persons so appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said lieutenants to grant a commission to any person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted to all such persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved by his majestyj and the officers so appointed for the militia shall rank with the officers of such of his inajefiy's forces as are liable to serve out of Great Britain, as youngefi of their rank-

Three deputy lieutenants may at?, when the lieutenant is out of the kingdom.

No commission of any officer in the militia, granted by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, shall be vacated by the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, was or were appointed.

The lieutenant of the county shall have the chief command of the militia of his county, and appoint twenty deputies, if so many properly qualified can be found within the county, &c. /. /. having an estate of 200I. per annum, or being heirs to 400I. per annum, then as many persons, so qualified, as can be found within such county, &c. shall be appointed to be deputy lieutenants for the purposes of this act.

And

Militia.

And every person to be appointed a colonel shall be possessed of an estate of 1000I. per annum, or shall be heir-apparent of a like estate of 2000I. per annum. A lieutenant colonel shall have au estate of 600I. per annum, or be heir-apparent to 1200I. per annum. A major or captain shall be possessed of an estate of 200I. per annum, or be heir-apparent to 400!. per annum, or the younger son of a person who has or had at his death 600I. per annum. Every lieutenant shall have an estate of 50I. per annum, or a personal estate of looool. or in real and personal estate be worth aooool. or shall be son of some person pofleftfed of an estate of tool, per annum, or worth at his death aooool. in personal estate alone, or in real and personal estate together 3000I. Every ensign shall have an estate of 20I. per annum, or a personal estate of 500I. or in real and personal estate 1000I. or shall be the (bn of a person having 50I. per annum, or 1000I. personal, or in real and personal estate together 1500I. one half of every such respective estate to be in the county in which they shall be appointed to serve.

Within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Mon-fnouth. West more land, and Rutland, and within every county and place in the dominion of Wales, the qualification shall be for a deputy lieutenant i$ol. per annum, or an inheritance of3«ol. per annum. A colonel 600I. per annum, or an inheritance of 1200I. per annum. A lieutenant colooel 400I. per annum, or be heir to 800I. per annum. A major or captain shall have 1501. per annum, or be heir to 300I. per annum. — A lieutenant shall have 30I. per annum, or a personal estate of 600I. or in real and personal estate together 1200I. or be heir to 60I. per annum, or to a person having 1200I. personal rftate, or 2400I. in real and personal estate together. An ensign shall have sol. per annum, or 300I. personal estate, or 600I. in real and personal estate together, or be heir to some person having an estate of 30I. per annum, or 600I. personal estate, or 1200I. in real and personal estate together; of all which respective estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate within the counties or divisions in which such officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

Jn the lfte of Ely, a deputy lieutenant shall have 150]. per annum, or be heir to 300I. per annum; A captain tool, per annum, or be heir to 200I. per annum, or the younger son of some person having 300I. per annum. A lieutenant 30I. per annum, or 600I. in personal estate, or be heir to 60I. per annum, or to a personal estate of 1200I. An ensign 20I. or 300I. personal estate, or be heir to 30I. per annum, or to a personal estate of 6001.5 of all which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate or arising within the said isle of Ely, or some other part of the county of Cambridge.

277

*6 G. 3. c. 107. Qualification of officer!.

Left in fcHno coontiea*

Isle of I'ly.

278

»6 C. 3. c. 107. Appointment in otie» and towns*

Letfes on lifes, ho* estimaged.

EAatet for yetfs or more*

What to b« done befoN the comcniflioa it granted*

Lifts before parliament*

Unqualified persons.

Penalty.

Peers, «r heir-eppar=l:t.

Militia.

Tn all cities and towns, which are counties within themselves, the lieutenants of every such city or town, or where there is no lieutenant, the chief magistrate shall appoint the deputy lieutenants within such city or town, and also officers of the militia, whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or town shall raise, as their quota towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is united; and all provisions made by this act, with respect to counties, shall tike place with respect to the said cities and towns, and the militia thereof; every deputy lieutenant in such cities and towns shall have 1501. per annum,or 3000I. real and personal estate together: And every held officer 300I. per annum, or 5000I. real and personal estate together: A captain 1501. per annum, or 1500!. in real and personal estate together: A lieutenant shall have 30I. per annum, or 750I. in personal ellate alone: An eufign 20I. per annum, or 400I, personal estate; one moiety to be situated within such city or town, or within the county to which such city or town is united.

JLeafes on lives of 300I. per annum, are to be deemed equal to a qualification, as herein-before specified, of tool* per aa-num, and so proportionally.

Estates granted for twenty years or more, of an annual value equal to the value of the estates herein required for qualifications, are to be deemed qualifications.

No commission superior to a lieutenant shall be granted till the qualification is delivered in to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, who shall transmitto the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, a copy of such description 5 and it shall be declared in the commission, that the officer to whom the commission is given hath delivered in his qualification.

All commissions already granted shall be void, unless qualifications are delivered in before January 1, 1787, of which the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall forthwith transmit a true copy to the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants.

Qualifications, &c. are to be inserted in the Gazette; and lifts to be annually laid, by the secretary of Hate, before parliament. Deputy lieutenants, &c. are to take the oaths within six months after their appointment, at some general quarter-sessions of the peace, or in one of his majesty's coarts of record at Westminster.

Persons noting, who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their qualilications, shall forfeit and pay the sum of tool, one moiety to the u(e of the person who shall sue for the same; the proof of his qualification to lie upon the person against whom the same is brought.

Peers, or their heir-apparent, may aft, though not possessed of the qualifications aforesaid.

The lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, with three or more deputy lieutenants, or, in his absence, any five or more deputy lieutenants, m?y» at the end of every five years,

io

Militia

279

in case the militia should not be then embodied, discharge *6 3. 107*

Tome one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and such Fie|dt #nd other a number of officers of each inferior rank, as shall be equal to officers dif-the number of perJbns who shall have given them notice, that charged, they are willing to serve, so that the number of vacancies shall not exceed one third of such officers who shall have served for five years.

Inferior officers, if duly qualified, may serve In higher ranks.

County lieutenants, and deputies, may appoint clerks for Promotions, their meetings, or displace them if they think fit, and choose others in their room. Clerk of ifawt*

The number of private men to be raised, by virtue of this ,0* ad, shall be as follows: (that is to say).

For the county of Bedford,

For the county of Berks,

For the county of Bucks,

For the county of Cambridge,

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester,

For the county of Cornwall,

For the county of Cumberland,

For the county of Derby,

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter,

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of Pool,

For the county of Durham,

For the county ofEffex,

For the county of Glocester, with the city and county of the city of Glocester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol,

For the county of Hereford,

For the county of Hertford,

For the county of Huntingdon,

For the county of Kent, with the.city and county of the city of Canterbury,

For the county of Lancaster,

For the county of Leicester,

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln,

For the county of Middlesex (exclusive of the tower division, commonly called the town hamlets).

For the county of Monmouth,

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of Norwich,

For the county of Northampton,

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed,

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham,

400

560

560

480

560 640 3 2d 560

1600

640

400

960

960

480

560

320

960

800

560L

1200

1600

240

960

640

560

480

For

28o

*6 C. 3. f. 107*

ftenent meet*

Militia.

For the county of Oxford,

For the county of Rutland, 12Q

For the county of Salop, 6+o

For the county of Somerset, g^0

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, 960

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Lichfield, 560

For the county of Suffolk, <763

For the county of Surrey, goo

For the county of Sussex, 800

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, 640

For the county of Westmorland, 240

For the county of Worcester, with the city rnd county of the city of Worcester, 560

For the county of Wilts, 8co

For the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, 1240

For the north riding of the said county, 720

And for theeaft riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, 400

For the county of Anglesea, So

For the county of Brecknock, 160

For the county of Cardigan, 120

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, 200

For the county of Carnarvon, So

For the county of Denbigh, 2S0

For the county of Flint, 120

For the county of Glamorgan, 36a

For the county of Merioneth, So

For the county of Montgomery, 240

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwest, 160

And for the county of Radnor, 120

General meetings shall consist of the lieutenant, with two deputy lieutenants, or, of three deputy lieutenants ; such general meeting to be holden upon the last Tuesday before the 24th ofOctoberin every year; the lieutenant, with any two deputy lieutenants, or, any three deputy lieutenants, nay summon other general meetings, of which notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any weekly newspaper ufunlly circulated in such county, &c. fourteen days at the least before the days appointed for holding such meetings ref-pettively; and in case such meeting shall not be attended by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants; the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, who shall attend at such meeting, shall and may adjourn the same; and in case no deputy lieutenant shall attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the clerk

of

Militia.

of the general meetings, or his deputy, shall adjourn such meeting to any other time, to be holden at the same place.

The subdivision meetings shall confiit of two deputy lieutenants at the lead; but where two deputy lieutenants do not attend, any one deputy lieutenant, with any one justice of the peace of the county. Sec, within which such subdivision lies, may do all acts, directed to be done by deputy lieutenants at i8 their meetings; which act shall be valid.

The clerk shall give notice of the subdivision meetings to the deputy lieutenants. See, and also to the commanding officers of the regiment, battalion. Sec, if on actual service, or (if not on actual service) to the colonel thereof, or (in case n: of the absence of the colonel from Great Britain) to the next

commanding officer within Great Britain, and shall fend an account of the several days fixed for receiving lifts, and for bal-g loting and inrolling the militiamen within such division; and shall, as soon as the militia men arc inrolled, transmit to the colonel or commanding officer a list specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode, of all such militia men as are inrolled, and where there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of the persons in the room of whom they p were inrolled as substitutes.

When a sufficient number do not attend, another meeting shall be appointed within fourteen days, notice being given five days at the least previous to such meeting.

The first meetings of the deputy lieutenants shall be held as ^ early after the 24th day of October in every year, as conveniently may be; and they may appoint asecond general meeting, and shall require the chief constable or other officer as aforesaid, to issue an order to all constables, c. to return fair and true lifts of the names of all men within their respective parishes, &c. between the agesof 18 and 45 years, distinguish-ing their respective ranks and occupations, and also which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as militia men. Copies of such ^ lifts are to be affixed on the church door, on some Sunday morning, three days at the least before the said meeting, and also notice, at the bottom of the said lift, of the day and place of such meeting. Constables are to verify the returns upon oath.

^ Subdivision meetings may amend lifts, and make returns to ^ the clerk of the general meetings.

'' General meetings may alter the appointed subdivisions.

\ Deputy lieutenants may appoint what number of men shall serve for each parish, who are to be balloted for.

S'1 Persons chosen by ballot are to take the following oath:

- / A. B. dofincercly promise a f<wear, that I be faithful

? and bear true allegiance to his majesty king George ; and 1 do

that I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the - litta, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the

° 0 same,

1

281

26 G. 3. e, y.

Subdivision meetings.

Notice for receiving lifts, and ballotting, &c.

Another meet* ing.

Times of meeting.

Of whom litis to be made.

C notable's duty.

Amended liQt. Power nf general inertings. Number for each parish. Militia man's oath.

282

Militia.

mulejs

InroIIment.

Substitutes.

Substitute'i

oath.

Principal exempt.

Frefli ballot.

Oath, by whom.

Persona not appearing.

What, if penalty iaoot paid.

Persont exempt from serving.

a6 G. 3. c. 107. same, during the time offive years for 14m iOrel led,

I shall he (ooner discharged.

And every such person shall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to lerve in the militia,

for the space offive years.

Persons chosen may find substitutes, Who ire then to be is-rolled and sworn, if having no more than one child, and approved by the deputy lieutenants; and such substitute fall take the iollowing oath

1 A. B. do sincerely promije and swear, that 1 will he faithful, and hear true allegiance to his htng George ; and 1 do swear

that 1 am a protestant, and that I will faithfully he the an-

litia,within the kingdom of Great for the defence of the same during the time of fiveye, or for such further time ess the militia shall remain embodiedwithin the space of foot years, his majestyshall order and dire Si the militia to be drams* amt embodied, unless 1 shall he sooner discharged.

Any person chosen by ballot, for whom) such substitute fall have been so inrolled and sworn, shall be exempt from service, as if he himself had served.

If the full number are not inrolled, a fresh ballot is to be taken.

One deputy lieutenant may administer the oath.

Persons chosen and not appearing (except quaken), fall forfeit 10I.

If the penalty be not paid, the person fall be compelled to serve, and at the expiration of five years, shall be liable to serve again, or provide a substitute; and shall be subject to the same punishments, for absconding or deferring1) ns if he had been duly sworn and inrolled as a militia man.

Persons exempted from serving are peers, officers in the army, or in any castle or fort, and private men in the army; com mi (honed officers serving, or having served four years in the militia, members of both Universities, clergymen, licensed teachers of any separate congregation, constables, &c. articled clerics, apprentices, seamen, men employed in his majesty's dock-yards, or persons employed in the tower, at Woolwkh warren, in the gun-wharfs at Portsmouth, or at his majesty'i powder mills, magazines, and other ftoVehouses, perfms free of the watermen's company, and persons having more tbia one child born in wedlock. No person who has served personally, or by substitute, shall be obliged to serve again till it comes to his turn ; but a substitute, if chosen by ballot, fall be obliged to serve again, so as to make the choice of militia men by ballot within every subdivision as equal and impartial as possible.

Lifts for two places may be added together.

If any list shall be lost or destroyed, the deputy lieutenants. Or any two or Inore of them, shall cause a new lift to be made and returned to them at their hext subdivision meeting.

If

Sabftitote, if chosen by b.l lot, mutt serve gain.

Two lift* added. If lift be loft.

Militia*. 283

If any such constable, or oihtr officers, ffia.il refofe or ne-g1e& to appear according to the order or warrant of any two or more deputy lieutenants, or to comply, with their orders and directions, or ffiajl, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross n eg led in his duty, the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them* are required to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bailor main prize, for one month, or, at their discretion, to line such person not exceeding 5I. nor left than 40s.

Any person who shall endeavour to prevail on any chief con 11 aide, or other officer, to make a false return of any Jill, or leave out of any such lift the name of any person who ought to be returned to serve as a militia man, ffialJ, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 50I.; and if any person shall , refute to tell his christian and surname, or shall fallely tell it, of shall refute to tell the christian or surname of any man lodging within, his or her house, or shall knowingly tell any false name, to any. constable, or other officer authorized to demand the same, every such person shall forfeit the (urn of 10I.

Every person, ckofen by ballot to serve in the militia, shall person refufioc, be liable to such tervice, although he may have removed from the place where hie name was interred in the lift; every person liable to serve in the militia, having more than one place of residence, shall serve for the county, riding, or place where, hi sname shall have been first infected in such lift.

' Where any parish shall lie in twopr more counties, that pa* A f»»<h in f«. niffi shall be deemed belonging to the county wherein the counties, church is situate.

' If any person shall be fraudulently bpund apprentice, such Frau4ulsac in* apprentice shall be liable to serve. for the first vacancy, and the dentures, roafttr shall forfeit ioJ.

Two deputy lieutenants may provide substicutes for quak- Substicutes for ers, and levy the expence by dittreft; for want of which, such quakers. quaker, being of ability to pay 10I. shall bp,committed to thq common gaol for three months, or until the expence of the substituteis paid.

juSices may order payment of the costs of levying by dif- Costa, how paid, tteft, where quakers refuse to pay rates, made for the providing of volunteers, to the sum of 10s. each, where there are pnly two; to the sum of 5s. where there are more.

Persons unfit to serve, when chosen, may be discharged by Perfena unfit, the deputy lieutenants.

Persons becoming unfit to serve, may be discharged by the ®r becoming un* commanding officer; which discharge mu ft be confirmed by two deputy lieutenants, before another man is balloted in his r oq fu

Vacancies occasioned by death shall be filled up by a fresh Vacancies by* ballot. dc4th*

O.o 3 Any

afi G. c. 107 4

Coni)able's nc-glea.

Causing false return.

284

Militia.

a6 G. 3. c. 107.

KumSer, how fi lea up.

Person chosen by b lloc, and finding substi -tute, bow paid.

Penalty on pa tish officer refuting to pay.

Volunteers.

Disputes between matters and fervanes.

Negligent substitute.

Any two or more of the deputy lieutenants, at their federal

subdivision meetings, shall ballot for militia men, in the room of those whose terms of service will empire before the 20th day of November then next eofuing the holding of such meetings, and shall, at a following meeting, proceed to inroli the said balloted men, or their fubllitutes.

In case any person making oath that he is not possessed of the clear value of 500I. shall be chosen by ballot to ierve in the militia, when it is drawn, or ordered out for aft ua! service, and such person shall be sworn and inrolled, or shall provide a fit person to ferveas his substitute, who shall be sworn and inroi-led, the churchwarden or overseers of the poor shall, on receiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants, pay to every such person, so chosen by ballot, any sum of money, not exceeding one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer, where such person was (b chosen, which said sum of money shall be taken out of the poor's rate; any churchwarden or overseer of the poor refusing or neglecting to pay such money, upon demand, and the producing of such order, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 5I. one half to be paid to the person so chosen by ballot: If any man chosen by ballot, and fervirg for himself, shall, within one month after his inrollment, be disapproved of, and di(-charged, such sum shall not be paid to the person so cbofea by ballot, but shall be paid to the next person chosen by ballot in his Head ; and if any substitute be disapproved and discharged, no such sum shall be paid to the man so chosen by ballot, un-leis he shall l'erve himself, or shall find another substitute who shall be approved by the commanding officer.

Volunteers jnay be raised with the consent of the inhabitants, taken at a vestry held after three day's notice, to serve on the same terms as substitutes; and a rate may be made for paying them bounties, not exceeding 61. each ; to which rate all are bound to contribute, on pain of distress, except those who have served, or shall be then fervingin the militia.

Any justice may determine disputes between servantt carolled as militia men, and their mailers, respecting wages, within three months from the time of their quitting the ler-vice; and may make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall (eem just and reasonable, provided the sum in quellion do not exceed the sum of zol. and in case ofrefufal for the space of 21 days, may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress.

Every substitute, &c. who does not appear, if he do not return the bounty, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding 20s. at the discretion of the deputy lieutenant, orjustice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted ; or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for the space of 14 days, or until the said sum shall be returned.

One

I

i*

t

Militia

' One justice may order the payment bounty to substitutes B and volunteers, according to ad 20 3. 19.

3 When a regiment is out of its county, lilts of men willing -s to continue to serve, after the expiration of their term, shall a2 be transmitted by the commanding officer.

The inliflment of a militiaman into the Handing army shall be void; and any militia man offering to inlilt into hi; ma- jetty's other forces, shall be imprisoned six months, and lr ac-Jg tually inlisted, shall serve in such regiment, when dismissed ^ from the militia: Any officer, serjeant, or other person iuliff-ingmilitia men, shall forfeit 20I. and any soldier offering to . serve as a substitute, shall forfeit iol. or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not more .j, than three months.

' Any person ordering serjeants. . of the militia to beat up for volunteers, shall forfeit iol. being convicted upon oath, ^ before any justice of the peace; one moiety to the use of the ' f informer: And any serjeant refusing to declare who gave him

such orders, shall De imprisoned for any time not exceeding ^ three months.

Rolls signed at subdivision-nteetings shall be transmitted to

the clerk of the general meeting, within 14 days .after every subdivision-meeting.

^ A (late of the number of persons liable to serve, shall be transmitted annually by the lieutenant of the county. See, to ' the privy council, who are to settle the number of men (or each county, place, See, and transmit the numbers to the county lieutenants : If the number fixed on be greater than the num- ber appointed to serve for any county, place, &c. the lieutenant for such county. Sec, with two or more deputy lieutenants, or

any three or more deputy lieutenants shall, at a general meet-' ing, appoint what number of militia men shall serve for each hundred, or other division within such county. and the

additional number of militia men, to make up the whole f number so fixed and settled, shall be provided or chosen in the same manner as other militia men are by this act to be provided ^ or chosen ; and all the additional men, or their (ubffituies, - and also all volunteers, shall take the oath, and be inrolled, f' as is directed ; where the number so fixed shall be less than the

number of militia men appointed to serve for any county, or place. Sec, so many militia men shall be discharged by ballot, & as shall exceed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid. y The money arising by penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militia, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied, by any two or more deputy lieutenants, in provided ing substitutes (or the persons who shall have paid such penalties: If any surplus (halt remain, the same shall be paid to the ‘ colonels or commanding officers of the regiments, &c. in which i- such persons ought to have served, and be applied as part of the regimental (lock.

285

26 G, 3. e 1074 Bounty to iub-ftllUCeS. Regiment out oi us county.

May nut fseM in the way.

Penalty on ml*

litia ordering ierjeants to beat up lor volunteers.

Rolls trans-micted.

Stare of oom-bets liable to serve*

Application of penalties.

Militia

38 6-

x6 G. 3. c. 1*7.

W no may ad-niuitter oatoi.

How regiments formed*

Independent

companies.

Rank of county lieutenant!*

Senior officer to cl as colonel*

Lieutenant colonel's promotion.

Any lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or justice, is authorized to administer oaths to any witness or witnessies; and all other oaths may be adraioi&ered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

Where the number of men is sufficient, the militia shall be formed into regiments, of not more than twelve, nor less than eight companies, of 80 private men to a company at the mod, and 60 private men at the lead ; and the field officers shall be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and osemajor; and where the number of men shall be under eight, and not less than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalioa, and the field officers shall be one lieutenant colonel, and onn major only ; and where the number of men shall amotfnt to nap number under five, and not less than three companies, inch militia shall be formed into a battalion with one ties tenant colonel, or major, and no other field officer; and in each regiment or battalion of militia there shall be oae captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company : Every battalion of five companies, or upward, may have one. company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieuteoant* (hab heap* pointed, inliead of one lieutenant and one ensign; and 17 regiment, confiding of eight companies, or upwards, may have one company of grenadiers, and one company of Hghtm-ffiotry, to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed, in (lead of one lieutenant and one ensign.

Where the number of men (had not be Sufficient to form regiment or battalion, the militia (had he. formed into independent companies, each company to con fid of 80 private mem at the mod, and 60 at die lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company.; and his majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion or hattations, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or battalion of militia, provided the number of companies in any such regiment or battalion be not thereby made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is herein-before directed to cohfift.

County lieutenants may act and bear rank as colonels, though the bodies of men do not entitle their commanding officers to that rank.

The (enior officer, residing in Great Britain, shall be in-veded with the powers given to colonels, in the abfonce of the commanding officer from Great Britain, till his return shall be notified to the clerk of the peace of the county, &c. and by him transmitted to the officer next in command.

The rank of colonel may be given to lieutenant colonels commandant, after five years service*

Where

le

Militia.

Where the numbers are not sufficient for a regiment, three persons may be appointed, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major; but with no higher pay than if they were lieutenant colonel, major, and captain : Where the number of men shall be sufficient to form four, but not sufficient to form fix companies, the lieutenant may appoint two persons, qualified as aforesaid, to fenre, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major, bat only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of captain; and where the number of men is not sufficient to form more than two companies, the el-deft captain shall rank as major, but shall only be entitled to the pay of captain.

Lieutenants may be appointed captain-lieutqnants, where there are fix companies in the regiment.

Adjutants may be appointed from the array, or embodied militia, who shall preserve their rank in the army, and they may hold a subaltern's com mi fit on, though not qualified, and may have the brevet rank of captain, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, consisting Of not less than fix companies, provided such adjutant has served five years in the rank of lieutenant; although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for captains: But no adjutant, so appointed to the rank of captain, shall be entitled to rank above, or to command, any captain of a company in the militia, nor shall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

A paymaster may be appointed to a battalion of more than two companies, when it is not in actual service, but the money necessary for a less number, shall be paid to the commanding 'Officer, by the receiver-general of die land-tax.,

No adjutant, surgeon, quarter-master, &c. shall be appointed captain of a company, &c.' nor vice versa; but a battalion clerk may be appointed a captain-lieutenant.

No half pay officers, serving at subalterns, shall be deetnld to forfeit their half pay; but such officers shall take the following oath:

I A.B. do swear, that 1 had , between the

any place or employment Of profit, civil or military, under his , my allowance

of half pay as a reduced in late

regiment of save and except my pay as

lieutenant, tnfign, adjutant, battalion , paymaster,

master, or surgeon (as the case may be), for serving in a regiment of militia:

And the taking of the said oath shall, without takHig any other oath, be fiimcieat to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

When the militia is not on actual service, there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every 30 men; and when drawn

out.

2S7

46 G. 3. c.'ioy# Where rumber it ton small for a regiment.

In what cases captain lieutenants. Adjutants, whence appointed.

Pa y master.

Battalion cleric may be captain-lieutenant.

Half pay officers may serve at Cuba Items.

Osth

entitle* to bslf pay.

Militia not io let vice.

286

*6 G. 3. 1*7.

$rt}e*nti and corporals oath.

Serjeant-major and drum-major.

RestriQion of publican*.

Additional cor* poral.

Subalterns

dying.

Deserted or discharged.

Mafic! ansi

Militia.

out, there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to erery 20 men ; and when not in actual service, there shall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company of regiments or battalions confiding of fix or more companies; and when the militia shall be drawn out, there shall be an addition of one drummer to every company so drawn out; and the daily pay of every such serjeant, corporal, and drummer, shall be to every serjeant is. — to every corporal 8d. — and to every drummer 6d. — and such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be new cloatfied, when not in actual service, once in two years. All serjeants and corporals shall take the following oath:

/ A. B. dofinccrcly promise and that I be faithful,

and hear true allegiance to his majesty king George ; and 1 do that 1 am a protestant, and that 1 will faithfully as a Serjeant or corporal (as the case shall be), the militia the

kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, until shall be legally discharged.

The colonel or commanding officer of every battalion confiding of four or more companies, may appoint a serjeant-major out of the serjeants, and a drum-major out of the drummers ; and all serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as such, shall be compellable to serve until they shall be legally discharged.

No publican shall be capable of serving as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the militia.

A fur plus of 15 men, above the proportion of 30 to one corporal, shall entitle the battalion to an additional corporal, when not in actual service, for such surplus number of men.

Any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel, or commanding officer (with the consent of the captain of the company); and the captain (with the approbation of the commanding officer) may appoint any proper person in the room of every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who shall die, desert, or be discharged, all which serjeants and corporals, so appointed, shall take the like oath as is before required.

The commanding officer of any regiment, &c. may retain any number of the drummers who now are employed, as fifers or moficians therein, over and above the number of one drummer per company, or may engage any additional number of drummers to act as fifersor musicians in their respectivecorps; and all such drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such corps as lifers or musicians, shall be deemed as drummers of militia, to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject to the same orders and punishments as other drummers of militia, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloathing as other drummers have, and no longer*

Serjeants

Militia.

289

Serjeants of Chelsea hospital may receive their allowance therefrom, together with their pay.

Any person who shall have faithfully served as a serjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity, shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer, &c. be entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of cd. per diem, if the said board should judge him deferring thereof: But no person who shall be appointed a serjeant in the militia, after the passing of this act, shall be entitled to such recom-pence, until he shall have served in the militia, or in the army and militia, for 20 years.

The militia shall be trained and exCrrifed for 28 successive days annually, and amenable to the mutiny laws, so that no punishment shall extend to lose life or limb.

Notice of the time and place of exercise shall be affixed oft the church doors; and all militia men shall duty attend at such time and place, according to the notice.

Ten days prior to the annual exercise, lids of the men inrolled shall be sent to the respective commanding officer, or to such person as he shall appoint to receive the same; and a duplicate of such lift shall also be transmitted to the adjutant of such regiment. Sec.

From which lifts two thirds of the complete namber shall be chosen by ballot, at the first meeting, for exercise.

The day after the ballot, the regiment. Sec. shall be muf-tered.

Vacancies by death, or discharge, or by the expiration of the time of service, shall be filled up by ballot at the first meeting. The men balloted out of the roll are to be exercised, and the remainder discharged from attendance; but thoogh discharged, they are liable to military law, while they remain where the regiment is assembled ; and are to appear, on notice, at any subsequent place of exercise.

If any inrolted person, not chosen by ballot as aforesaid, shall offer himself as a volunteer to be trained and exerdfod, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer to accept such volunteer in the room of another person so balloted, to be trained and exercised.

All mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magistrates, and officers of cities, towns. Sec.and anyone justice of the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town. Sec. but no others, may quarter and billet the officers and private men serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called out to annual exercise, in inns. Sec.And all persons felling brandy, wine, upon application made, are required to order and provide convenient lodging, in such houses, for the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

P p Militia

26 G 3. 107. Serjeants of Chelsea hospital.

Veteran fer-jeants.

Time of training.

Notice on church doors*

Double lifts.

Two thirds chosen.

Regiment muttered.

Vacancies filled.

Volunteer accepted.

Billeting.

29°

*6 G. 3. f. 107* Relieved when side.

Carriage! im-prest.

State of aii It tie to be lent to count> lien* tenant*.

Meu not «p-pea ring*

Dsfetttn, how punished.

Substitute de« fening.

Selling or lof-ing muikett*

Militia.

Militia men, falling sick on the march, are to be relieved ; by the parish officer, and the expence to be repaid by the county treasurer 5 such relief being ordered by any jo (lice, < mayor, or chief magistrate, and the parish officer* account al- ] lowed by him. 1

Justices may grant warrants for impressing carriages for the militia on its march; the sum of one shilling for every mile being paid to the chief constable or other officer for a waggon , with live horses, and any wain with fix oxen, or with four oxen and two horses, and nine-pence per mile for any cart *

with four horses, and so in proportion, for which famt every |

chief con liable. Sec. is hereby required to give a receipt; and every person being ordered by the constable. Ice. is hereby re* ' qaired to provide and furnish the same for one day's journey, and no more ; and if the expeoce exceed the rates of carriage, j

the surplus shall be paid by the treasurer of the county, out of 1 the public Hock.

When the militia is called out to annual evercife, the Hate thereof is to be sent to the county lieutenant, by the commanding officer, within six months, on pain of forfeiting tool.

Militia men not appearing at, or absenting themselves ; during the annual exercise, and not taken up till after the exerdfe, shall forfeit 20I. and if such penalty Hull f<

not be immediately paid, the justice of the peace before j

whom any such militia man shall be convicted, shall commit such militia man to the common gaol, without bail or mainprise, for the space of six months, or until he shall have paid I the said penalty. *

Another man shall be balloted for, if a deserter does not return in three months; and if be shall at any time return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any person shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to serve in the same manner, and for the same term, as if no person had been so chosen in his room. 1

A substitute deserting is liable to serve his full term, whenever taken up, to be computed from the day on which he shall ( be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other penalty or punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such offence by virtue of this act; and the commanding officer shall cause notice to be given to the clerk of the subdivision for which such person was inrolled, of the day on which he was apprehended, and the clerk shall make an entry of the name of such person, and also the time of his being so apprehended.

All muskets delivered for the service of the militia shall be marked with the letter (M), and the name of the county. . to which they belong; and in case any militia man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good order to his captain, or to the person appointed to receive the same, every such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay

a

Militia

a sum not exceeding three pounds; and if he shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty.

If any person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, or accoutrements, belonging to any militia man, the person so offending shall pay for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; and if the offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the common gaol for the space of three months, or shall cause such offender to be publicly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

When any regiment. Sec. of militia, shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under stoppages, not exceeding 6d. per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, (lockings, &c. and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms whirfi shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's neglect: Provided always, that he account for such stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for necessaries. Sec. shall pay the sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the hands of the militia man to whom the same belongs, before he be dismissed from such training and exercise.

Every adjutant, serjeant-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, and drommerof the militia, shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion; and it shall be lawful for the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direct the holding of courts-martial whenever such regiment or battalion shall be embodied for the purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any fejjeant-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, for any offence committed during the time such regiment or battalion was not embodied, but so that no pu-niffiment shall extend to the loss of life or limb.

Any serjeant or corporal of the militia may, by sentence of a court-martial, be reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding 15 months; after which time, if not regularly re-appointed, he shall be discharged from the service.

The arms belonging to every regiment. Sec, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as the colonel, or commanding officer shall direct, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county. Sec,

P p 2 One

291

*6 O.3. c, 7.

Buying or receiving them.

Stoppage! for linear, Sec,

Coaiti-martial.

Punidiment of ferjemt or cot* parti.

Arm*, where kept.

Militia

292

26 G. 3. c. 107* Under whole care*

Deserter taken*

How to be fob* filled.

Snfpe&ed deserter.

One third part of the serjeant*, corporals, and drummers, in every regiment. See. shall constantly be reddent where the arms are kept, and shall be under the command of the adjutant; and, in his absence, the serjeant-major shall make a monthly return of the true date of the ferjeanu, corporals, and drummers of the regiment. See. to the lieutenant of the county and the commanding officer, in default of which he shall be subject to such p uni foment as a court-martial shall adjudge : No serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall be absent from such city, town, or place, without a regular furlough from his colonel, or from the commanding officer; and every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who mall absent himself without such furlough, shall be liable to be apprehended as a deserter; the adjutant shall never absent himself without leave; but whenever such adjutant shall be absent, with leave, the serjeant-major, or some serjeant, who shall be appointed, shall alt*

If any militia man shall not join the regiment at the time of annua] exercise, or shall desert, and shall not be apprehended before the expiration of the time appointed for such exercise, the commanding officer, adjutant, or serjeant-major, receiving information of the place where he shall reside, shall direct a party of the serjeants, corporals, or drommers, to affid in apprehending, and in conveying him before some justice of the peace where such offender shall be apprehended; and if, by confession, or the oath of any witness, or the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear that such person is guilty of such offence, such offender shall be conveyed to the head quarters of the regiment or battalion of militia of the next county, in the way to that to which such offender belongs, and be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-major of such regiment or battalion, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment of the next county, &c. and so oa till such offender shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-majorof the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a jnflice of the peace, to be dealt with as this act directs in cases of militia men deserting or absendng themselves from duty; such offender to be subsisted at the rate of6d. per day, from the (lock of the county. See. to which such regiment belongs; for which subsistence, such justice is hereby required to make an order upon the treasurer of the county.

If any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall desert from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, any headborough, con liable, or other officer of the place where any such deserter shall be found, may cause him to be apprehended, and taken before any neighbouring justice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to examine such suspected person; and if it shall appear that such fofpeded person is a deserter, such justice

1

I

i

I

Militia. 293

*1 shall cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, or other *6 G, 107. ^ public prison, near to which such deserter shall be apprehend-r ed, there to remain until he shall be demanded by Tome period If found such, j or persons authorized to receive him; and shall transmit an bo# dealt with. 3 account thereof to the clerk of the general meetings of the £. county. Sec. to which such deserter belongs; and the keeper ^ of such gaol, dec. shall receive the full subsistence of such de- ferter, for his maintenance, during the time he shall continue } in his custody, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward ^ on account of his imprisonment.

‘ The colonel, or commanding officer of the regiment, shall Order to the ' fend an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the *fifoed.

said prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the per* *

. fop or persons therein named; and the serjeant, dec. to whom such deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, with a sufficient party under his command, shall convey such deserter to

the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment to which he be*

. longs; and such adjutant or serjeant-major shall take such de*

ferter before a justice of the peace of the county to which he r belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the ci common gaol, house of correction, or other public prison of ?, such county, riding, or place, where he shall remain, with*

out bail ormainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which sI he belongs shall be embodied for annual exercise or for actual

service; and a court-martial shall be held for the trial of such

deserter; and if such deserter shall be found guilty, he shall be

f punished as such court-martial shall think fit, but not to the How pont&ed. y loss of life or limb.

& All gaolers shall receive into their custody such offender, for Gaolers met f such time as they shall be required, when he is conveying to his regiment, not exceeding 24 hours, on pain of forfeit* ing 208.

Serjeants employed in apprehending. See. deserters, shall SeijeaatsM. be billeted as other soldiers employed in that service.

The justice of the peace, before whom any deserter shall be Reward for ap-convicted, may issue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment pcehending.

4 to which such deserter shall belong, or to the commanding of*

$ deer, to pay, out of the (lock of such regiment or battalion* ff the sum of 20s. to the person who shall have apprehended such i{ deserter.

[1 If any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter. Concealing de.

$ knowing him to be such, the person (o offending shall forfeit, ferter.

& for every such offence, the sum of 5I.

In all cases of actual invasion, or upon imminent danger when to be fi thereof, and in all cases of rebellion or insurrection, it shall embodied.

J be lawful for his majesty (theoccasion being first communicat-y ed to parliament, if it shall be then fitting, or declared in > council, and notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall it be then fitting), to order and direct the lieutenants, dec. with /. all convenient speed, to draw out and embody the militia

within

294

Militia.

Not to go out ot Great Britain.

Parliament in 14 day a.

Notice to men to attend.

n6 G,3. c. 107. within their respective counties. or so many of them as his

majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and to pat the said forces under the command of such general officers as his majesty shall be pleased to appoint; and the officers. Sec. shall, from the time of their being drawn oat as aforesaid, remain subject to the articles of war.

Neither the whole, nor any part of the militia directed by this act to be raised and maintained, shall, on any account, be carried, or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

When the militia is called out, his majesty may and shall issue a proclamation for the meeting of parliament, within 14 days.

When the militia is ordered to be called oat, the county lieutenant. See. shall issue orders to the constables, or other officers, of the several parishes, to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militiamen, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia man (not labouring under any infirmity) shall not appear and march inpurfuaoce of such order, every fuchmilitia man shall be liable to be apprehended, and punished as a defer ter; and if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia man when ordered oat into actual service, knowing him to be a militia (nan, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fun of 5I.

No officer serving in the militia shall fit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or soldier serving in any of his majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in aoy of his majesty's other forces (it in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the militia.

When any regiment shall be drawn oat into aftaal service, the commanding officer may appoint an agent, and shall take security from such agent; and such commanding officer is hereby made liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen, from the said agent, or from himself, upon account of the pay, clothing. Sec.of such regiment.

When the militia of any county shall be ordered oat into actual service, the receiver-general of the land-tax shall pay to the captain or commanding officer, one guinea, for the ofe of every private militia man; and to every captain or commanding officer of a company, the sum of one guinea for every recruit ; and the money so received, shall be laid out in the best manner for the respective militia men ; and every captain or commanding officer shall account to such militia man now the said sum hath been applied, and shall pay the remainder (if any) to the said militia man.

If the term of service of any person foballotted, shall be pro- farther, longed beyond the term of five years, the receiver-general of premium. the land tax for the county. Sec. shall forthwith pay to the captain, or commanding officer, one guinea for every person whole term of service is so prolonged; and so on, a guinea for every three years, to be laid oat for the men to the Deft advantage,

and

Courts-martial,

Agent appointed in aftaal

service.

One guinea to every man.

If beyond five

Militia.

mud accounted for to every man before be receives his dif-3 charge.

c The militia, when embodied, shall be entitled to the same ,2i pay as the other forces; and non*Commissioned officers, &c. t maimed in service, shall be entitled to the benefit of Cheli'ea a hospital.

When the militia shall be duly disembodied, the officers and ^ private men shall be subject to the same orders only, as they , were subject to before they were drawn oat.

^ The powers, dec. given to Northumberland, shall extend to g|| Berwick upon Tweed, See* and their militia shall join that of Northumberland.

The governor of the Isle of Wight shall appoint the officers,

See. for that militia, who are to be qualified like those for , Wales.

I! And the militia of the said island shall be raised in the same 10 manner as the militia of the county of Southampton, and be s deemed a part of the militia of the said county; but shall continue in the island, unless other wise ordered by his his majesty.

i % The constablerv of Craike, in the county of Durham, shall be deemed part of the north riding of Yorkshire; part of Maker ^ parish shall be deemed part of the county of Cornwall; and Wokingham shall be deemed part of the county of Berks; and t the township of Filey, part of the east riding of the county of York ; and Threapwood, part of the county of Flint; and St. Martin, near Stamford, shall bedeemed part of the county of $ Lincoln; and be subject to the authority of the lieutenants, Sec. of those counties.

0 The warden of the stannaries, in pursuance of his majesty's & commission, shall array, assess, arm, muster, and.exercise the ^ tinners, as hath been heretofore used.

& The several lieutenants commissioned for the militia of the city of London, shall continue to lift and levy the train bands & as heretofore.

The constable of the tower may appoint deputy lieutenants. Sec* from the tower hamlets, according to act 13 and 14 .

a, c. 3.

Is The deputy lieutenants may aft when the lieutenant of the

hamlets is out of the kingdom.

t* No commission, warrant, or appointment, granted to any j?! deputy lieutenant of the said tower hamlets, shall be vacated by the death or removal of the lieutenant.

The constable of the tower, or lieutenant of the tower ham-;i* lets, shall appoint a treasurer of the trophy money, for re-<> ceiving and paying such monies as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the 13 14 Ca. 2, who shall yearly account,

} upon oath, to the said constable or lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them; which accounts

shall

i*

295

26 G. 3 r. 107.

Same pay aa re* gulart.

ChcJfca Hospital

When disem* bodied.

Berwick militia.

Isle of Wight militia.

Part of Hants*

Craike, in Dor-ham.

Maker, Wokingham, kc.

Tinners oaf* tered.

Train bands.

Tower hamlets:

Deputy lieote* nanta may act.

Commission per* maoent.

Treasurer of trophy money.

296

a6 G- $ 1.107, To »hum «-counublt.

Trophy money balanced.

Cinqoe porta la. pa/acc.

Churchwardens and overseera in Kent and Sufliex.

When and how orders issued*

Retoms to clerks of the peace*

Lie«tenrat*a certificate 10 the fedioos.

Where no certificate, an an-anal payment*

Militia. |

shall be certified to the joftices of the pence for the fmid diri-fion or hamlets, at their next general or quarter-fessiona; at- I less by reason of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such accounts cannot be passed under the hands and seals of four or 1 more of such justices. I

And no trophy money for a succeeding year shall be levied, till the account of the former year has been allowed* ]

The warden of the cinque ports, tec. may act as lieutenants, J tec. of counties may do, ana shall keep of the nfual number I of soldiers in the said ports, &c. unless be or they shall find 1 cause to lefTen the same 5 and the militia of the said ports, tec. j shall remain separate from the militia of the several counties within which the said ports, Arc. are situate; and may be called out, notwithstanding the pay advanced may not have been \ re-imbursed.

Churchwardens and overseers in Kent and Sussex, may make \ returns of men liable to serve, tec. and may have the authority hereby granted to con (tables in other places, and are subject to the same penalties for neglect of their duty.

From and after the la(t Tuesday in October next, his said majesty's lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or in his ab- j fence, any three or more deputy lieutenants of the counties of Sussex and Kent refjpectively, shall and may issue out his or ,* their orders to the chief constable of the several hundreds. 1 Certified returns of the militia to be annually lent to the ' clerks of the peace to be filed.

The lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, where the I militia shall be raised, shall, on or before the 25th of Decern- J her, in every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk of the piece I of the state of tthe militia in that year, and the time during which I such militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such w clerk of the peace shall deliver such certificate to the joftices 1 of the peace, at their general quarter-session to be held next after the 25 th of December, in every year, on the day on which such session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed among the records of such session. When no such return is received, the same is to be certified by the clerk of the peace, and filed by him amongst the records of such session.

In every county and place where no such certificate shall be transmit ted, the fom of 5I, shall be annually paid for, and ia lieu of, every private militia roan by this act directed to be raised within the same county or place ; and the justices of the f peace shall, and are hereby required, at their said general quar- I ter-session, to rate and aflfefs the sum of 5I. per man, as aforesaid, upon every such county or place, and upon every towe, parish, tec. within such county, by such ways and means as are directed with respect to county rates, by 12 G. 2, or by any other act of parliament: No person who shall have served as an officer in any body of militia raised within this kingdom for the space of four years, or who shall be then fenring, shall be }

1

J

Militia

u

fl» be liable to pay any part of such rate, provided such person l* shall have delivered a certificate of such service to the clerk of the peace, and also a roll or lift of his tenants, and the places of their abode.

When a certain number of militia men are directed to be raised for any county, together with any city or town being a at county ofitfelf, and the militia shall not be raised for such

ii county and city, or town, the payment of the said sum of 5]. t per man upon the whole number of militia-men so directed to ai be raised, shall be divided between such county, and such city fi or town, in such proportion as the respective quotas paid to 0 the land-tax bear to each other, Unless the apportionment of gi the number of such militia men shall actually have been made, in which case the said sum of 5I. per man shall be borne by fci such county, and by such city or town, in such proportions as t* the numbers of militia-men, so apportioned to be raised by [i such county, and by such city or town, bear to each other.

Where there are no county-rates, the assessment is to be 0 raised as the poor's rates are.

L;t In all cases where the militia shall not be raised within any $ city, town, or place, not rated to the county-rate, the pro-iji portion of the said sum of 5I. per man, to be borne by such jg city, town, or place, shall be raised, levied, and collected with-jrj in such city, town, or place, by a separate rate or assessment, as the rates for the relief of the poor are raised, and the churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall, from time to 4, time, pay over the same to the treasurer of the county with which such city, town, or place, shall be joined or united for $ the purpose of railing the militia.

Ip Where a town lies in two counties, the money affcfTed shall (j be paid to the treasurer of the county wherein the church ^ (lands.

^ If the afledment for a place where there are no county-rates,

^ be not paid beforfe the ill of June, it may be levied by the justices of the peace, who shall cause the same to be levied by dif-, tress and sale of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every such parishand division, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners; and all such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall be reimbursed ^ the money so levied on them respectively, by the same ways ^ and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed, for the re- Jief of the poor.

The treasurer for every county or place, who shall receive j the said sum of 5I. per roan, is hereby required to pay all the money he dial I so receive to the receiver-general of the land tax for such county or place, within one calendar month after he shall receive the same ; and when the whole sum directed to ^ be raised in any county or place, shall be paid into the hands L of the receiver-general of the land tax, such payment shall be a full discharge and indemnification to such couoty or place

CLq for

297

*6 C» 3, r, 107.

If no militia raifcJ,

Where no coun* ty-rates.

In what cases borne by cit*» &c.

Town in two counties.

Assessment levied by justices.

Treasurer so pay to receiver ol land tax.

298

*6 G.3. e. 107.

Receipt certified.

Salary to receiver.

Treasurer's allowance*

Lieutenants certificate to the fcfiwos.

Justicea' omission certifi-d to the treasury.

When money not levied and paid*

Clerk of the peace's neglect to fend the certificates*

Militia.

for the failure or neglect in the raising and training of the mi* litia for the year ; and the receiver*general shall, within tea days, certify the receipt thereof to the treasury, and pay the money into the exchequer.

A salary may be allowed the receiver, not exceeding ad. in the pound, for so much money as he shall pay into^the exchequer in pursuance of this act.

The treasurer of every county shall be allowed the sum of id. in the pound upon the whole sum by him received and paid ; and every high constable, &c. who shall act in the raising and collecting of the money, shall be allowed and paid by such treasurer, the sum of id. in the pound of all such money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall act as aforesaid, to be deducted out of the money received by him*

The clerks of the peace shall, within 14 days next after the general quarter-session of the peace to be held next after the 25th of December yearly, transmit to the treasury, and also to the receiver-general of the land tax, a copy of every certificate received from the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, of such county or place; and where such certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the clerk of the peace shall certify such omission to the treasury, &c. and that such clerk of the peace hath certified the same to the justices at the general quarter-session, and required such justices to proceed according to the directions of this act; and such clerk of the peace shall also certify what proceedings have been had at such general quarter-session, where the militia shall not have been raised; and in case such justices shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the money according to the directions of this act, then the clerk of the peace of such county or place shall, within fourteen days next after such session, certify to the (olicitor of the treasury such omission, neglect, or refusal, of such justices, and the names of the justices who shall be present at such session; and the solicitor of the treasury shall forthwith proceed to compel such justices to pay due obedience to this act, and to cause the said money to be raised, collected, and paid.

v If the said sum of $1. per man, shall not be levied and paid into the exchequer, the solicitor of the treasury shall proceed to compel the levying and collecting of such money, and the payment thereof into the exchequer.

If any clerk of the peace shall refuse or neglect to transmit such certificates, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 100I. and shall also forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of holding any office of trust, civil or military, under the crown; and if any receiver-general of the land tax, or other officer, shall wilfully omit, or neglect or refuse to ad therein, every such receiver-general or treasurer, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 20ol*; and every chief constable, 50I; and every such

petty

Militia

petty constable, 20I.; and in case the solicitor of the treasury JP‘ shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against such justices of the peace, receivers-general of the land tax, treasurers, or other officers aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 500I. s The provisions of aft 24 G. 2, 44, respecting justices,

:J shall extend to all his majesty's lieutenants, and to all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, or any other ^ aft relating to the militia, in like manner, and as fully and 3 effefluaily as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

J* The acceptance of a commission in the militia shall not va- % cate the feat of any member returned to serve in parliament;

it* and no person being an officer of the militia shall be compelled

ii to serve the office of sheriff.

% No officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be p liable to any penalty, on account of his absence during the

1,1 time he shall be going to vote at any elefiion of a member to

«i: serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning

it from such elefiion.

> No serjeant, corporal, drummer, nor any private man, from .5 the time of his inrollment, until he shall be regularly difehar-i ged from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer, or parish officer, or to perform any highway duty, ffi commonly called statute-work, or to serve in any of hia ma-

jesty's sea forces.

Every person having served in the militia when drawn out into aflual service, being a married man, may set up and ex- crcife any trade in any town or place within Great Britain;

and no such militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any such town or place, until he is become chargeable to th? ';J parish.

j All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum of 20I. shall be recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record; and all which shall not exceed ^ the sum of 20I. shall, on proof, upon oath, of the offence be-

^ fore any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place,

where the offence shall be committed, be levied by ciftrefs and

sale, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand ; and for want of fuf-

' ficienc distress, such justice is hereby required, in all cales

where no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the

^ county, riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the C money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the

1 application whereof is not otherwise particularly direffed by

^ this act, shall be paid to the clerks, or (where there are no

clerks) to the commanding officers of the respective regiments,

or other bodies of militia of the respective counties, Sec. where Qj] 2 such

299

26 G. 3. c. 107.

Justice* power ro lieutenant*. Sec.

Seat not floated.

Absence to vote allowed.

Exemption*.

Privilege*.

Fine*, Sehow

recovetd and applied.

Militia

3°°

9.6 G. j. c. 107.*

Not remorable by certiorari.

Limitation of adioott

Former ids repealed.

Qualification

certified.

such offences shall have been committed, and shall be made part of the public dock of such regiments, or other bodies of

militia.

No order or conviction made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace, or by any onejustice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, shall be removed by certiorari in* to any court whatsoever.

If any altion shall be brought against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or salt shall be commenced within six months next after the fad com* m it ted, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de* fendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

All former acts of parliament relating to the militia of this kingdom (except only such acts as relate to the militia of the city of London, the militia of the tower hamlets, and the militia of the cinque ports, and the two ancient towns, and their members) shall be, from the 24th of September, 1786, and they are hereby repealed.

But the repealing of the said acts shall not annul or in any wise affect any commission of lieutenancy, or any other cob* mission already granted, by virtue of the said former acts: Provided that no person shall act in the execution of this act, by virtue of any commission already granted, unless he is qva? lifted as herein-before is directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a certificate, containing a specifip description of his qualification, to the clerk of the peace, a<T cording to the directions of this act.

Militia Families.

ji(7. 3. e» 8#

Allowance to the wive* and children of militia-mea.

New rate, if neceti'arj.

BY this act, the families of militia-men chosen by lot, tad ordered to march on actual service, are to receive a weekly allowance out of the poor rates, to be reipibursed out of the county flock. The said allowance to be according to the usual price of labour in husbandry within the said county, division, Sec. /. e. any sura not exceeding the price of one day's such labour, nor less than is. for every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years ; and for the wife of every such militia-man, whether (he shall or shall not have any child or children, and provided (he does not follow the regiment, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's labour, nor less than is.

If the poor-rates are inefficient, a new rate shall be made for the purpose of raising the sum required.

The

I

I

i

I

1

Militia Families.

rf) The treasurer of the county, reimbursing to the overseers of b) any parish such weekly allowances to the family of any mi-litia-man serving in the militia of any place, other than that a, where such family dwells, shall transmit an account to the j treasurer of the county where the person shall serve, who shall to pay the same, and shall be allowed the sums so reimbursed by to him in his accounts.

0 If the family of any substitute, or volunteer serving in the militia when called into actual service, shall become chargeable

|( to the parish in which such family shall dwell, and such fub-g llitute shall not serve for the same parish, the judice of the g peace who shall make an order for the relief of such family, gl may direct the overseers of the parish for which such fubditute ua shall serve, to reimburse the money so paid to the overseers ^ who shall have advanced the same.

The allowances to the families of miiitia-men, substitutes, ^ or volunteers, shall not occasion them to be sent to work- houses; nor shall they deprive the fubditutes of their legal Settlements elsewhere, nor of their right of voting for Members ' of Parliament.

1 If the fubditute serves for any parish in another county, the monies advanced by the overseers of the parish where the fa-, mily shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of the county dock, [l by the treasurer of that county, that, on producing a certificate ' of the order of the judice allowing such relief (which certifi-e cate the judice is hereby required to grant); such certificate, li and an account of all monies so repaid, to be transmitted quar-st terly to the treasurer of the county in the militia whereof such fubditute shall serve; which treasurer shall reimburse the same;

and the account shall be laid before the justices at the general W or quarter.sessions, for their allowance thereof: And the justices shall make anorder for the overseers of the poor of the parish for which such fubditute shall serve, to make good the same to the treasurer of the county out of the poor rates; such payments to be allowed in their respectiveaccounts.

In places having peculiar jurisdictions, and not contributing to the county, the accounts are to be made over to the treasurer, V receiver, or other public officer.

N. B. A special provision is made in the city and county of the city of Exeter. — See the act, $ VIII. and also another ref-$ pefting the city and county of the city of § IX.

Jf: Whereas, by 26 G.3. c. 107 — If the term of service should

f* be prolonged beyond five years, the receiver of the land*tax for $ the county was required to pay to the commanding officer of f each company the furo of one guinea for every person whose H* term was so prolonged ; and if prolonged for more than three years, then another guinea, and soon at the end of every three ft years. This clause is, by this act, of 33 G. 3. r. 8, repealed j and the bounties ordered by the former act to be paid to mill-? tia-men chosen by lot, shall be continued to them, and extended

301

32 G. 3.C, 8. Treasurer to be reimbursed*

Justice* order to overseers to reimburse those of another parish.

Wives and children not to be sent to work-housei.

Substitute frrv-ing for a pari Ik in another county.

Peculiar jori£» distions*

Militia Families

3°2 31 G, 3. c. 3.

Signification of Uk teim#

13 & 14 . *.

C. 21.

Orders ag»inst ttofi-trooperi.

t-, <7. 3. f. 3?.

Offender escap-ir»g into Scotland*

tended to substitutes and volunteers whose terms of service are so prolonged. The money so received by such commanding officer to be laid out in the manner most advantageous to such militia-man, substitute, or volunteer, to whom such commanding officer shall account for the application of the sums received ; paying him the remainder, if any, before he receives his aifcharge.

Misdemeanour.

THTS word signifies a Crime : But the law hath made s distinction between crimes of a higher and lower nature; the former being denominated ; the latter Mydt-

Vic an ours.

This lad is an act committed or omitted in violation of a public law, either forbidding or commanding it.

Crimes and mifde mean ours are terms which are frequently joined together; which, though properly speaking, they are synonymous, are made to denote very different things; the word crimes extending to such offences as are of a deeper and more atrocious dye; while smaller faults, and omissions of left consequence, and the beginnings of greater offences not absolutely perpetrated, are compnfed under the milder term of misdemeanours* These it is impossible to define or describe; inasmuch as they are as various in their nature as human actions ; but they are fully set forth in the several codes of criminal j urifprudence.

Northern Borders,

THE justices of Northumberland and Cumberland may make order in sessions, for charging the respectite counties, for securing the same against the moss-troopers (that is, thieves and robbers, who, after having committed offences in the borders, escape through the wades and mosses) ; so as Northumberland be not charged above 500I. nor Cumberland above 200I. a year. And they may appoint a commander, with 30 men in Northumberland, and 12 men in Cumberland, to search for, pursue, and apprehend offenders.

If any person against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice in England, for any offence against the laws of England, shall escape or go into Scotland ; the sheriff, or steward depute, or substitute, or any justice of the county or place where such person shall be, may indorse his name on the said warrant, to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him into the county or place in Eng-

I

A u.

Northern Borders.

{t land (being adjacent to Scotland) in which the offence was

3 committed, before a justice of such county or place, to be there

P dealt with according to law; in case the offence was com-a: m it ted in the county not next adjacent to Scotland, then to

1 convey him into any county of England adjacent to Scotland, 51 before a justice there; who shall proceed, with regard to such person, by indorsing the warrant, as by the 24 G. 2. £5, in

like manner as if the person had been apprehended in the said county.

And if any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the peace of Scotland, shall escape or go into England, any justice of the county or place where such person shall be, may indorse his name on the said warrant; to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is granted, and to ii convey him into the county or place in Scotland (being adjacent to England) where the offence was committed, to be there

4 dealt with according to law.

1 And the expence of removing prisoners as aforesaid, shall be repaid to the person defraying the same, by the treasurer of a the county in England, or by the sheriff, or steward depute, or jj substitute, of the county in Scotland, in which the offence was "i! committed; the amount of such expence being previously ascertained upon oath before two justices of such county, and allowed and signed by them. '

iff

£ Nuisance.

A COMMON nuisance seems to be, an offence against the public, either by doing a thing which tends to the annoyance of all the kings subjects, or by neglecting to do a thing which the common good requires.

Annoyances to the prejudice of particular persons, are not $ punishable by a public prosecution as common nuisances, but s are left to be redressed by the private actions of the parties ag-i grieved by them.

,4 If it is a public nuisance, the law hath provided an apt re- medy, by presentment or indictment at the suit of the king, in the behalf of all his subjects.

Oaths.

;J? XN all cases, where any penalty is directed to be levied, or % X distress to be made, by any act of parliament now in force, v or hereafter to be made, it shall be lawful for any justice or j, justices, acting under the authority of such acts respectively, to administer an oath or oaths for the purpose of levying such ? penalties, or making such distresses.

The

303

13 C. 3. c. 31.

Escaping from Scotland into England.

Espence of removing prisoners, by whom paid.

I ffow. 1971

Nuisance defer! bed.

Id.

Different from private annoyances.

I Inf}. 56, Presentment or indictmenc.

15 G- l-c- 39-In what cases to be administered.

Oaths

3°4

Pah. €, If. Not to personi cufed.

i ft.If. . Information on aih.

PsJtf e. 66. WirnelTe* to be tianiined on oath.

i G.Jt. a.f. 13.

Oaths of alle-giaac:, &c.

07 G. 3-f. 43.

Power of justicea of Chester.

The person accused shall not be examined upon oath; (of by the common law, no man is obliged to accofe himself: Bat it seemeth convenient, in cases of felony especially, that the information, which the justices do take against the prisoner, be upon oath ; otherwise, upon the trial of the prisoner, such information taken by the justice shall not be read or delivered to the jury, nor given in evidence against the prisoner upon |J his trial. H

The information of the prosecutor or witnesses ought to be 1 upon oath, although the datnte doth not mention an oath; jj which information upon oath, being sworn on the trial tobe U truly taken by the judice or his clerk, may be given in evidence against the prisoner, if the witnesses be dead or not able to travel.

Where one judice may punish offenders upon accusation or proof generally, it seemeth that this mud be by examination of witnesses; and though the Aatute doth not expresslyfet . down that it shall be upon oath, yet it seemeth fit, that the judice do it upon oath: Yea, in all other cases, wheresoever any man is authorized to examine witnesses, such authority to examine shall be taken and construed to be in such manner» I the law requires, which is only by oath. jl

Two justices may summon, by writing underhand and fell, || any person whom they shall suspefk to be dangerous er difaf* || fe&ed to the government, to appear before them, at a certain *. day and time therein to be appointed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration : And if such person ne* gle^s or refuses to appear, then on due proof made on oath of the summons having been served on such person, or left at his dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, with one of the Family there, they shall certify the same to the next fefSons, there to be recorded by the clerk of the peace. And if such person shall negletf or refuse to appear and take the oaths at the said sessions (the name of such person being publicly read at the fird meeting of the said sessions), then fuen person shall be edeemed and adjudged a popidi recusant convict; and the same shall be thence certified by the clerk of the peace into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

Oaths, &c. in the Court of Session at Chester.

BY this act, the justices of the court of session for the county palatine of Cheder, may, by one or more commissionor commissions under the seal of the said county palatine, in-power persons to take affidavits in causes depending therein, in like manner as the justices of his majesty's courts of king's bench, &c. use to do ; and also the prothontary, or his officiating deputy, may take such affidavits, &c. which shall be (iki in the office of the prothontary of the said county, and shall bf

Oaths.

of the same force and effect as affidavits takeh in the said court now are: And all persons forswearing themselves, in such affidavits, shall be liable to the same penalties as for false affidavits in open court,

No person appointed a commissioner as aforesaid, nor the said prothontary, or his deputy, shall take any affidavit within one mile of the castle of Chester, during the time of holding the session for the said county.

The justices of the said court may, by their commission, impower persons to take recognizances ; and the fees to be paid commissions to take recognizances shall be as follows : (to wit) the sum of 2s. for the fiat or warrant; 7s. 6d. for making out the commission, besides the king's duty and parchment; 4s. for the seal 5 5s. for taking every such acknowledgment; and is. for the (wearing the affidavit of the due taking thereof.

The joffices of the said court may make rules for justifying bail by affidavits before the of 5 but the power of prothontary, or his deputy, to take recognizances, shall not be aflfe&ed by this act.

If any person shall represent another in entering into special bail, he shall be adjudged a felon, and shall incur the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, of an act of 4 IV* & M, intituled, an act for taking special bails, &c.

Office;

NO persons shall be elected to any office of magistracy, place, or trust, relating to the government of cities, corporations, boroughs, cinque ports, and other port towns, who shall not have received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the rites of the church of England, within one year next before such election : And every person so placed or ele6ted, shall take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, at the same time that the oath of office is taken ; which shall be administered by those, who, by charter or usage, administer the oath of office; and, in default of such, by two justices of the corporation, if there be any such ; or otherwise by two justices of the county; and, in default thereof, every such election and placing shall be void. Which said justices above-mentioned shall cause memorandums to be made of such oaths taken before them, and delivered once a year to the town clerk, or other register or clerk, who shall enter the same in their books.

But generally there is a clause of indemnification in some aft in almost every session of parliament, provided they qualify on or before a time in such act limited.

Every person who shall be admitted into any office, civil or military, or shall receive any pay by reason of any patent or

R r grant

3 °5

*7 3* «

No affidavit taken during the fession.

Fees of justices.

Regulation of bail.

Fraudulent special bail.

13 C. ». r. f.

5 G. e. 6. Qualitica.ion for offices.

Oaths, See*

Records of oaths.

Act of indemnity.

*5 C. 4. C. 4. Sacrament in three months.

Office

3°6

*5 C, z. c.

Certificate of It.

Id.

Who are to take and subscribe the oaths.

Place and time.

Duties on offices and pensions.

3* Gl. e 33.

Perquisites.

31 G,a. r. 12.

Liable to tax.

grant from the king, or shall have any command or place of trust in England or in the navy, or shall have any service or employment in the king's houffield, shall, within three months < after his ad million, receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in some public church on the Lord's Day, immediately after divine service and sermon. And in the court where he takes the oaths (as hereafter mentioned, which shall be within six months < after his admission), he shall first deliver a certificate of such his I receiving the Sacrament, under the hands of the minister and I

churchwardens, and shall then make proof of the truth thereof I

by two witnesses on oath. And he shall also, when he takes I the said oaths, make and subscribe the declaration against tran- j substantiation. All which shall be enquired of, and put upon j record in the respective courts. J

And these, together with all ecclesiastical persons, heads and

members of colleges, being of the foundation, or having any exhibition, of 18 years of age; and all persons teaching pupils; schoolmasters and uffiers; preachers and teachers of separate congregations; high constables, and pra&ifers of the lair, shall, within six calendar months after such admission, take and \ subscribe the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abj oration, in one of the courts at Westminster, or at the genera] or quar- ,1 ter-sessions of the place where he shall be or reside, between the J

hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and no other; and during the time of taking thereof, all proceedings in the said court shall cease. I

By the 31 G. 2. c. 22, altered and explained by the 32 G. J 2, c. 33, there are certain duties laid upon offices and pensions; I and so much of the salaries of such offices, as ariseth from per- J quifites, is directed to be under the management of the commissioners of the land tax.

By perquisites are meant such profits of offices and employments as arise from fees established by custom or authority, and 'j payable either by the crown, or the subjects, in consideradon of business done in the course of executing such offices and cm- -j ployments. j

Where the profits of such offices shall arise from perquisites due and payable in the course of office, and not from salaries, ] fees, and wages paid by the crown, the same shall be under j the management of the commissioners of the land tax, who J shall ascertain, according to the valuation of such offices to the f land tax, or othe>wife according to the bed of their judgment, I the sum total of the perquisites arising from such office, diilind ! from the salary, fees, and wages thereof. |

Pardon*

1

i

Pardon

3°7

WHEN a pardon is pleaded by any one for felony, the justices may, at their discretion, remand him to prison till he enter into recognizance, with two sureties for his good behaviour, for any time not exceeding seven years.

Parliament.

THE oath of qualification for a feat in parliament, by estate, may be administered upon reasonable request made by the returning officers or two justices; who shall in three months certify the same into the chancery or king's bench. But this is not to extend to the eldest son of a peer, or of any person qualified to serve as knight of a shire, nor to the members for either of the two universities.

No person shall be admitted to vote under the age of 21 years.

Every elector of a knight of the shire shall have land or tenement to the value of 40s. by the year at lead above re-prizes. And by the 10 H, 6. . 2, the said 40s. a year shall be freehold.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without having a freehold estate in the county, of the clear yearly value of 40s. over and above all rents and charges payable out of the same, on penalty of 40I.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without having been in theattual possession of the estate for which he votes, or in the receipt of the rents or profits thereof for his own use, above twelve calendar months 5 unless the same came to him by defeent, marriage-fetdement, devise, or promotion to a benefice or office.

The of of the land tax shall cause to be delivered to each assessor, a printed form of an assessment, who shall make three duplicates of such afteflinents, and shall (at lead 14 days before delivering the assessment to the of) cause one of the said duplicates, or a fair copy thereof, to be (luck up upon the door of the church or chapel. And if the name of any owner entitled to vote shall not appear to be inferred in the assessment, he may, on giving notice in writing to one of the assessors, appeal to the said of, who shall amend the assessment as they shall see cause: And cause one of the duplicates so amended (after having been signed and sealed by the said of, or any three of them), to be returned to the assessors; who shall, within ten days, deliver the same to the chief constable, taking his receipt for the same. And the chief constable shall deliver upon oath such duplicate, without alteration, at the next sessions, in open court, the first day of the sections, to the clerk of the peace,

R r 2 to

5 fV. c. 13. Sureties one pleading pardon.

9 An. e, 5.

Oath to be Cilcerj of qualification, it required.

Persons exempt.

7£f % Jir c 15.

Age of voters.

Estate of voters.

18 O. 1. e. 18. Penalty for Toting unqualified.

Id.

Time of pofi* felQon.

20 G. 3. c. 17.

Lift of per tons a defied.

Appeal by any person omitted.

Lift delivered high conltaolc.

Parliament

308

jS G. 2. c. 18: Neglect of officers, bow pu-oished*

Fines, bow applied*

ao <7. 3. e. 17*

Neglect to be remedied foith-with.

li.

Power of appeal.

Id.

Names inserted on appeal, valid*

22 G. 3. e. 4T, What persona excluded from voting.

2 G*2. 24.

Returning of-sket'a oath.

to be by him filed and kept amongst the records. And if the aflefior shall not deliver such duplicate, so amended, to the chief constable; or if the chief constable shall neglect to deliver the same to the clerk of the peace, or wilfully alter the same; he shall forfeit 51. and if not immediately paid, the justices at the Michaelmas sessions shall, by order of the court, issue a warrant of distress. Bat if the chief constable shall make oath at such sessions, that such duplicate was not delivered to him by the aflefior, the said fine shall be imposed upon such affcflbr or assessors; and the just ices shall, by order of court, issue a warrant of distress. The said fines to be paid to the treasurer, and applied as part of the county (lock.

And when any assessment shall not have been made by the affefiors, and returned to the chief constable, and by him to the clerk of the peace ; the just ices in sessions, or any two joftices out of sessions, may order such assessment forthwith to be made and returned in manner aforesaid.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the justices at the next sessions, giving ten days notice thereof to one of the of who signed the duplicate, and to one of the assessors of the place where the estate lies; and the sessions may award coils to either of the parties, and, by their order or warrant, levy the same by distress.

If the said of, or the said joftices in sessions, upon any appeal, shall insert the names of any persons who have been improperly omitted; such persons shall be deemed to be rated as effectually, as if the names of such persons had been originally infer ted.

If any commissioner or officer employed in the cnftpms, excise,or stamp duties, or any branch of them, or any salt officer, or surveyor, collector, or manager of the window or house duties, or any post-masters or mates of packets employed in carrying mails, shall vote at elections for knignts of the shire, citizen, burgess. See. while they hold, or within twelve calendar months after they shall have ceased to execute any of these offices, such votes shall be null and void ; and every person offending against this statute, shall forfeit the sum of tool, one moiety to the informer, and the other to be paid into the hands of the treasurer of the county, to be applied by the justices, as they shall think fit, at the next general quarter-sessions. But this act, and the penalties thereof, shall not extend to such persons as are commissioners of the land tax, or to any person acting by their appointment in assessing, collecting, or managing the land tax, or any other rates and duties imposed by authority of parliament. [See also Justices Ad, 32. G. 3. r. 53.]

Before the returning officer shall proceed to the election, he shall, immediately after the reading of the writ, take and subscribe the following oath, to be administered by ajustice of the peace, or any three eledors. I A. B. I

kavt not, directly or indirectly, received any sum or funu of money.

Parliament,

3°9

ifi, office, place, or employment, gratuity, or reward, or any bond, or note, or any promt/e of gratuity whatsoever, either by myself, or £ any other perj'on, to my u/e or benefit or advantage, for making any i?lt return at the present tied ion of members to serve in parliament; -5 and that 1 will return such person or per font as shall, to the best of gj my judgment, appear to me to have the majority of legal £ Which oath shall be entered amongst the records of thefefiions.

Partition.

IF the high sheriff cannot conveniently be present at the execution of any judgment in partition in such case the under sheriff, in presence of two justices, may proceed to execution of the writ of partition.

Pawnbrokers.

id.

ifd.

2Ci

3d.

3|d.

4d.

inner

T^AWNBROKERS are allowed to take the following rate Y for their profit, viz.

~ For 5s. lent on a pledge, —

For 7s. 6d. lent on ditto, —

For ios. lent on ditto, —

For 123'. 6d. lent on ditto, —

For 15s. lent on ditto, —

For 17s. 6d. lent on ditto, —

For il. lent on ditto, —

And so on for any sum not exceeding 10I. to be paid the calendar month, including the current month, in above-mentioned.

Where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or pledge shall exceed 2s. 6d. and not amount to iol. the person lending the same may take, by way of profit, at and after the rate of 4d. and no more, for the loan of 20s. by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

The party entitled to and applying for the redemption of goods pawned, within the space of seven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shall have been pledged, shall be at liberty to redeem the same, without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said seven days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed ; but after the expiration of the said first seven days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, the party so applying shall be at liberty to redeem such goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another, to the pawnbroker; after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole

second

$& gtr.

e.ii.

Writ of partition, by whom executed.

% 7 G. 3. c. 37* Rites*

*7 O. 3. c. 37.

4d. In the pound per month on all Dove xa 6d. and under 10I.

Party applying to redeem.

310

7* G. 3. c. 37.

Entry in book;*

Note to be given*

Price ofit*

To be produced on demanding goods.

Pawning other's goods*

Penalty*

Imprisonment.

Wh:aping, if r.o: paid.

Pawnbrokers.

second month ; and so on in evefy subsequent calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

All pawns shall be entered in books, if the same shall exceed 5s. before the money is advanced* with the day of the month, and year when the sum was lent, and the name and place of ahode of the person or person* by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning the same: where the money lent shall not ex* ceed 5s. such entry shall f>e made within four hours next after the said goods shall have been pawned.

Pawnbrokers are to give a note describing things pawned, with the particulars of time, place of abode* and name of the party pawning, and the owner of the property so pawned.

Every such note* where the sum shall be left than 5s. shall be given gratis:

Where it is 5s. and less than xos. — |d.

For 10s. and under 20s* — id*

For 20s. and under 5I. — 2d*

For 5I. and upwards* — ^.d*

Which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker* before he or she shall be obliged to re-deliver the goods* except as hereinafter is excepted.

If any person shall knowingly pawn, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chattels of any other person or persons* not being employed by the owner so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness, or by confession of the person charged with such offence, before any justice or justhces of the peace for the county, or place wher,e the offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to adrainifter), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit 20s. and also the full value of the goods so pawned, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices ; and on non-payment forthwith* the justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had* shall commit the party so convicted to the house of correction, or some other public prison of the county, town, or place wherein the offender shall reside, or be convicted* there to remain, and be kept to hard labour for the space of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the said for. feitures shall be sooner paid. If within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment, the said forfeitures shall nor be paid, the said justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the projector or prosecutors, the person or persons so convicted to be publicly whipped in the house of correction or prison* to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other public place of the county, town, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices

shall

I

t

L

j

t*

1

i

c

I

i

Pawnbrokers.

311

shall seem proper. The forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making satisfaction to the party injured, and defraying the colls of the prosecution, as shall be judged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had ; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and coils, or if there shall be any overplus, after making satisfaction and paying colls, then such respective forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, shall be paid to the overseers for the use of the poor of such parish or place.

If any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or alteied, any such note, or (ell any such note as - aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with intent to defraud, every such person shall be punished as is herein-after mentioned, and any person to whom any note shall be uttered or offered, suspected to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, may seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, to convey such person or persons before feme justice or justices of the peace for the county, or place wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed ; and if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, the said justice or justices shall commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

If any person or persons who shall offer any goods by' way of pawn, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a Satisfactory account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such goods or chattels, or shall give any false information as to whether such goods or chattels are his, her, or their own property or not; or if there shall be any reason to suspect that such goods or chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally obtained; or if any person or persons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, any person or persons, his, her, or their servants, to whom such goods shall be so offered, or with whom such goods are in pledge, may seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels, and deliver such person or persons immediately into the custody of a peace officer, to be conveyed, with the said goods or chattels so offered, before some justice or justices of the peace for the county or place wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed ; and if such justice or justices shall, upon examination, have cause to suspect that the said goods were stolen, or illegally obtained, or that the person or

persons

»7 G. 3. c.37.

Costs to Injured party, or, if refuted, to the poor.

Forging note or altering it.

Iooprlfonment.

Goods unlaw-folly pawned;

or unlawfully claimed.

Offender, hoW de4t with.

312

*7 G. 3. r. 37.

Justice's conduct wheniroods are unlawfully pawned.

Search allowed.

Not to be 0?-pof-d by pavrn-kfukcr.

Pawnbrokers.

persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same, shall not have any pretence or colour of right to redeem the same, such justice or justices may commit such person or perfooi into safe custody for such reasonable time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined: And if, upon either of the said examinations, it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such j a dice or jef tices, that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally obtained, or that the person offering or endeavouring to redeem the same hath not any pretence or colour of right so to do, the said justice or justices may commit the party orpar-ties offending to the common gaol or house of correctonof the county or place wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorize such commitment by any other law; and where it shall not authorize such commitment, then for any time not exceeding three, nor less than one calendar month, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

If the owner of any goods unlawfully pawned, shall nab out, on oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or, being a quaker, by solemn affirmation, before any justice or justices of the peace within his or their iorifdiction, that such owner hath had his or her goods unlawfully pawned, and that there is just cause to suspect that any person or perfoos within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices hath or have, knowingly and unlawfully, taken them to pawn, and shall mb appear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, probable grounds for such suspicion, any justice or justices, within his or their jurisdiction, may issue a warrant for searching, in the day time, the house, warehouse, or other place, of any such person or persons, who shall be charged on oathoraffir-mation as suspected to have knowingly and unlawfully receired or taken in pawn any such goods, without the privity of tb owner.

If the occupier of any house, warehouse, or other place wherein any such goods shall, on oath or affirmation, be charged or suspe£led to be, shall refuse to open the same, and cot permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer* by warrant from a justice of the peace in the dmfion, to break open any such house, warehouse, or other place, b the day time, and to search, as he shall think (it, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker, or other person, shall oppose or hinder any such search ; and if, upon the search of the house, warehouse, or other place of any such suspected person, any of the goods, so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, shall be found, and the property of the owner shall be made out, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if quakers, by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person charged with any such offence,

Pawnbrokers.

such justice or justices shall cause the goods so found, and unlawfully pawned, to be rellored to the owner thereof.

If any goods shall be pawned for securing any money lent thereon, not exceeding 10I. including the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning thereof, proof having been made on oath or affirmation by one credible witness, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to be given by this act, before any justice or justices of the pawning orpledg. ing of any such goods within the said space of one year, any such pawner, who was the real owner of such goods, his or her executors, adminilirators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person who lent, on the security of the goods pawned, his executors, adminilirators, or assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table of rates by this act established, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, adminilirators, or assigns, shall thereupon* without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the satisfac-tion of such justice or justices, neglect or refule to deliver back the goods so pawned, for any sum.or Turns of money, not exceeding the said principal sum of 10I. to the person who borrowed the money thereon, his or her executors, adminilirators,4 or assigns, then, on oath or affirmation thereof made by the pawner thereof, his or her executors, adminilirators, or assigns, or some other credible person, any justice of the peace for the county or place where the person who took such pawn, his executors, adminilirators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower, his or her executors. . is hereby required to cause such person who took such pawn, or his, or her, or their executors. See. within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine on oath, or affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and other credible person, touching the premises^ and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof, shall be proved to have been made (such principal money not exceeding the said sum of 10I.) by the borrower, within the said space of one year after pledging the goods or chattels, then on payment of such principal money, and the profit due thereon, the goods so pawned shall be rellored; and in case the lender shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender made by the borrower before any such justice or justices, such- justice or justices shall, by order, direct the goods or chattels so pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner, or his or her executors, administrators, or assigns ; and if the person who have lent any sum not exceeding 10I. (half neglect or refuse to deliver up, or make satisfaction for the goods proved to have been (b pawned, any jo (lice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party so refusing to the houl'e of correction, or some other public prison of the county. Sec. without

S f bail.

313

% 7 G. 3.*. 37. If goods arc found, to be rellored.

Goods under 10I. to be delivered, on tender of money lent, and interest, within the jean

Puo« foment for refusing.

Pawnbrokers

3U

*7 O. 3- 37-

Person produc-ing the note deemed the owner.

Where note both been loft.

Another delivered.

Loss verified on oath.

Second note*

Goods sold by auction after 0 year.

bail, until he or she shall deliver up the goods so pawned, or make satisfaction for the value thereof.

Any person who shall produce any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, to the person or persons with whom the goods were pawned, as the owner thereof, or as authorized by the owner thereof, to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods, shall be deemed the real owner of such goods; and the pawnbroker shall, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to this act, deliver such goods to the person who shall produce the said note, and shall be indemnified for so doing, unless he or she shall have had previous notice not to deliver the same to the person or persons producing such note, or unless notice shall have been given that the goods pawned have been, or are suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner thereof proceeds in manner herein-after directed for the redeeming of goods pledged, where such note hath been loft, mislaid, or fraudulently obtained. In every such case, the pawnbroker shall, at the re-quest of any person who shall represent hirafelfor herself as the owner of the goods in pledge, deliver a copy of the note (o loft, midaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, with the form of an affidavit, printed or written, or in part printed and in part written, on the said copy, for which copy apd form of affidavit, in case the money lent shall not exceed 10s. the pawnbroker shall receive id.; and in case the money lent shall exceed 10s. such sum as he is entitled to receive on giving the original note; and the person or persons having obtained such copy of the note and form of affidavit, shall prove his or her property in such goods, to the satisfaction of forae justice of of the peace for the county or place where the said goods shall have been pledged ; and shall also verify on oath, or affirmation, before some justice of the peace, the truth of the circumstances mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, such oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the.justice before whom the same shall be made; whereupon the pawnbroker shall suffer the person proving such property to the satisfaction of such justice, on leaving such copy of the said note, and the said affidavit or affirmation, with the pawnbroker, to redeem such goods.

All goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged, shall be deemed forfeited, and may be fold, at the expiration of one whole year; and all goods so forfeited, on which any sum above 10s. and not exceeding 10I. shall have been lent, shall be sold by public auction, but not otherwise, by the order of the person having the same in pawn, after the expiration of the said year; the name of the pawnbroker with whom the said goods were in pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some public newspaper, two days at least before the first day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner of the goods, for every offence, the sum of 5I.; and all persons redeeming

Pawnbrokers.

deeming any goodswhich were pawned before the nth of July, 1787, shall be permitted so to do upon the terms of, and according to the table of rates established by, the act, which was passed in the 24th year of the reign of his present majesty, and on no other terms.

If any person entitled to redeem goods in pledge, shall before the expiration of one year, givp notice in writing to the person having the same in pledge, not to fell the same at the end of one year; such goods shall not be sold by the person having the same in pledge, until the end of three months from the expiration of the said year; during which term of three months, the owner shall have liberty to redeem the same, upon the terms provided by this act.

Pawnbrokers shall enter in a book, under a penalty of iol. for neglect, a true and just account of the sale of all goods pawned for upwards of 10s. which shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the day when, and the money for which such goods were fold, with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by whom the same were fold ; and if any such goods shall be iold for more than the principal money and profit due thereon, the overplus shall be paid, on demand, to the persons by whom or on whose account such goods were pawned, or their executors, &c. in case such demand shall be made within three years after such sale, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being lirft deduced; the entry of every such sale to be in-ipected, on paying for such inspection id.; and in case any person shall refuse to pay such overplus, upon demand, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the sum such goods shall originally have been pawned for, to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed.

No pawnbroker shall purchase goods whiift they are in his custody, save and except at such public auction as aforesaid ; nor shall any pawnbroker purchase, or receive or take any goods in pledge, of or from any person who shall appear to be under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, or take in pawn, the note of any other pawnbroker; nor buy any goods or chattels in the course of his trade or business, before the hour of eight o'clock in the forenoon, or after seven in the evening, throughout the year; nor take in goods by way of pawn before eight in the forenoon, or after nine in the evening, between Michaelmas-day and Lady-day, or before seven in the forenoon, or after ten in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the even-, ingsof Saturday, and on the evenings preceding Good Friday and Christmas-day; nor shall any person or persons exercise or carry on the trade or business of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas-day.

S f 2Every.

315

47 Gi 3. c. 37.

Further time allowed for re* deeming.

Account of fate*

Overplus to owner*

Entry of sale may beta-speded.

Rrftn&ions on pi wn broker's purch.ifing or receiving.

316 Pawnbrokers.

*7 G. 3. c. 37.

K Ate of profit, &c. pl-red !n the thop, vifiale and leg.bie.

This clause Is repeared by iS

<7. 3 c. 50, fee below*

Christlan and surname. Penalty for ne-glcft.

Application of penalty*

Pawnbroker offend ng

lb all make fa-

tufaction.

Every pawnbroker shall cause to be pointed or printed, t* large legible characters, the rate of profit allowed by this act, and also the various prices of the notes or memorandums to be given, and place the same in a conspicuous part or parts of the (hop, so as to be visible to, and legible by, the persons pledging goods at such (hop.

If any difference or dispute shall arise between persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker, every such difference or dispute, in case the original sum lent was under 40s* shall be settled and determined any justice of the peace acting for the county or place, who is hereby authorized and required, upon application, to hear and determine the same, which determination shall be final*

Every pawnbroker shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible characters, over the door of his or her (hop or other place made use of for carrying on that bufinefa, his or her christian and surname, and the word paiunbr^itr following the same, upon pain of forfeiting 10I. for every place so made use of for the space of one week, without such name, &c* so painted or written, to be recovered by diltrefe and file of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the county or place (which warrant such justices are hereby authorised and required to grant), upon the confeifion of the party or parties, or upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath or affirmation; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering it shall be deducted, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justices are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol or hoafe of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than 14 days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied*

If any of the goods or chattels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the time allowed by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions of this act, or have been embezzled, or have been rendered of less value than the same were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the default or n eg left of the peHfon to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, it shall be lawful to and for every such justice and justices, to allow a reasonable satisfaction to the owner of such goods ; and the sum so allowed shall be deducted oat of the principal and profit: If the satisfaction to be allowed shall be equal to, or exceed the principal and profit, then the perfba to whom the same were so pleaged, his or her executors. &c*

shall

Pawnbrokers

tt shall deliver the goods or chattels so pledged to the owner or owners thereof* without being paid any thing for principal ji or profit* and shall also pay such excess, if any* to the period 0i or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of tol. to be re* a, covered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

Any justice, upon complaint made to him* on the oath or a, affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses* mav summon the pawnbroker before him* to attend with any boot j; or paper* which he or she may or ought to have in his or her r custody, relating to the same; and in case such pawnbroker '. shall neglect or refuse to attend* or to produce the (amc* such pawnbroker shall forfeit tol.

‘ Where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence against any part of this act* the pawnbroker shall forfeit 51.; and all forfeitures incurred P by any offence against this act, may be levied by distress and

sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand , and seal* or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the *' peace for the county or place where the offence shall be com*

m it ted ; half to the party complaining, and half to the over-? seers of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall have been committed. Provided information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve calendar months next

after the offence committed.

The churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish ^ where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, on having notice from a justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they are hereby required to prosecute 1 every offender for every offence so to be suggested by such juf* ^ tice, at the expence of the parish.

1 This act is not to extend to persons lending money at 5I. '? per cent, without farther profit.

justices are not to have any fees or gratuities for any proceedings whatsoever in pursuance of this act.

The provisoes of this act are to extend to executors, &c. of [* pawnbrokers, except that no such executor or administrator of il any such deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture out of his or her own estate* unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his or her own ad or ne-gled.

J* Any perfoQ molested or prosecuted for any thing by him ^ done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general issue; t* and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant* or the plaintiff be* s? come nonsuited* such defendant shall have double costs. f Any inhabitant of the parish, town* or place, in which any f1 offence or offences shall be committed against this act, shall be f admitted to give evidence, notwithstanding his or her being i* an inhabitant of such parish, town* or place, f The

i

3'1?

170.3.*. 37.

Pawnbroker being summon* ed, to appear with books.

Forfeiture 5I. if not oiherwift dire<2ed.

How levied.

Limitation.

Prosecutiont by parish officers.

Jo (licet to ad without feet. Extends to exec utora.

General HTee may be pleaded.

Double costs.

Inhabitant may be witness.

L.

Pawnbrokers

318

*7 O. 3. c. 37. Conviction to be recorded*

Liberty of appeal.

Security given.

SefBont to de-tcrmioe.

Public »a.

*S G. 3. c. 50. Repeal of former dause.

The conviction to be transraitted to the next general or 1 quarter-session of the peace, to be filed and kept amongst the t records; and in case any person so con rifted shall appeal to 1 the said general or quarter-session, the justices are hereby re- ' quired, upon receiving the said conviction drawn of in the form directed by this statute, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal ; and no cer- -tiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this act.

If any person, thinking him or herself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, shall appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter-session of the peace, the execution of the said judgment shall in such case be fnf-pended; the person so convicted entering into a recognizance, at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient foreties, in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to 1 forfeit, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forth* *fc coming to abide the judgment and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter-session, and to pay ^ such costs as the said justices in such section shall award on such j occasion; and the justices in the said general or quarter fef- ( fion are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally ds-termine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such cofb as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either ) party; and if the judgment shall be affirmed, such appellant ! shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been j adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in ) the said general or quarter-session shall award, for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such ( appeal, or in default of making such payment, shall suffer the 1 respective pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon perfoas j respectively, who shall neglect to pay the respective sums or \ forfeitures by this act to be paid by persons convicted by virtue of this act.

This act is to continue and be in force for one year oply ' from the first of June in the present year 1787 ; and shall be a public act ; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all , judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever.

. By the act 27 G. 3. r. 37, it was enacted. 1

pute should arift between any persons pledging or or of- j

firing to redeem,any goods, and the ref peeing |

re-delivery \ thereof, or the money to be paid to pawnbroker, '

every fuebdif pute, in case the original sum lent was under 40 Jhii- j

lings, should be settled and determined by any jujfice of the peace aiding for the respective county, riding, division, city, town, - \ berty, or place, who was thereby authorized and required by exo- j mi nation on oath or affirmation,of the parties themselves, and

other credible person,to bear and the same ; which *

termination should be final and binding unto and upon all persons: :

Bqc \

Pawnbrokers.

But by this act, the said clause, and every matter and thing s; therein contained, is declared to be repealed to ail intents and purposes.

a By this act, the rates, or pledges for ll. are 4d. per month, s. as before; and so on progressively and in proportion for any in sum not exceeding 40s.

n And for every pledge upon which there shall have been lent .1 any sum exceeding 40s. and not exceeding 10I. at and after it the rate of 3d. and no more, for the loan of every 20s. of such money so lent, by the calendar month, including the current p month j and so in proportion for every fractional sum.

% Where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or pledge 2 shall exceed the sum of 2s. 6d. and not exceed the sum of 40s. 2 the person lending the same shall and may take, by way of profit, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of 4d. and no more,

> for the loan of 20s. by the calendar month, including the cur-,5' rent month, as aforesaid.

a, In all other particulars, this act is the same with that of 27 a! G. 3. c.37, that clause only excepted, which by 28 G. 3. e,

jj 50, is repealed.

is*

Perfumery*

FROM July 5, 1786, the following duties are to be paid on the several wares and other articles herein-after men-

f tioned:

11 Every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, containing any powders, pastes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, waters, walhes, tinftures, essences, liquors, or other prepara- tion or composition whatsoever, commonly known by the name > of sweet scents, odours, or perfumes; or by the name of cof-me tics, which shall be vended or exposed to sale in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other materials or ingredients, ^ shall be charged with a (lamp duty according to the rates herein-after expressed j and also upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, containing any dentifrice, powders, tinftures, or other preparation or composition whatsoever for the teeth or gums; and upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet, box, pot, or other inclosure containing any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation or composition for the hair; and also upon every packet, or other inclosure, containing any hair powder, which shall be vended or expolcd to '* sale in Great Britain, the price whereof shall exceed 2s. for 14 the pound weight, shall be charged a (lamp duty according to f* the rates herein-after expressed : fJ For every packet, &c. of perfumes, under 8d. f value, — — id.

0 For every packet between 8d. and is. value, i£d.

r.* For

3*9

19 G*3. e, 57.

Rates as before*

Rates by thla ad.

Under 40s* what sum*

26 G. 3. c. 49.

Every packet, See. stamped.

Rate of duty.

320

Perfumery.

For every packet between is. and 2s. 6d. value, 3d.

For every packet between 2s. 6d. and 5s. value, 6d.

For every packet of 5s. value, or upwards, is.

The said several duties aforesaid to be levied and paid opes such and every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other indoforc, and upon each and every roll, cake, ball, or piece of fed wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall bt vended or exposed to sale as aforesaid, according to the its-pedive prices or values above rated.

And also, for every packet of hair powder under 2$. per pound, shall be charged a damp duty of id. for each pound.

*6 (7. 3. c. 49» Nothing contained in this act shall extend to drugs, fee.

Hair powder.

Drop and comr liable to the duties iniposed by 25 3. r. 79, nor to common

SB on soap ex eropt. Licence it.

Penalty onon-licensed readers.

Iascriptioa.

Penalty, if false.

Labels, where had*

Penalty on not «.ing them.

Wholesale deal* era in h;ir powder ex* empted.

soap unmixed with perfumes

Persons vending articles hereby taxed, are to pay is. annually for a licence. The several duties herein granted are to be under the management of the commissioners of damps — The of of damps, or persons authorized by them, are to grant licences for a year, from the 5th of July, 1786, to be renewed annually ten days before they expire. Persons felling articles liable to this duty, without a licence, forfeit 5I.

Every person vending or exposing to sale any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, and licensed so to do by j virtue of this act, shall, within the space of twenty days after -such licence shall have been granted, cause the words !

to deal in Perfumery, to be painted or written in large and le- J

gible characters, either over the door, or in some vi&ble place ; in the front of his or her house, (hop, or warehouse, at the ref- \ pedive places at which he or she shall v$ad or expose to sale \ any such articles as aforesaid; on pain, for neglect of so doing, ; of forfeiting $1. \

Unlicensed persons fixing such notice on their houses, for* ) feit 20].

Venders are to send to the of, or to the officers appointed for that purpose, for damped labels to paftc on packets. Sec. in such manner as the of shall di- . red.

Persons felling packets. Sec* without a stamped wrapper, or with one of a wrong denomination, forfeit 5). to be recovered ; and applied as hereinafter is directed. I

It shall be lawful for any person who is a maker of hair I powder, having duly made a true entry at any office of excif?' in Great Britain, as required by the several statutes in th;; case made and provided, to vend and fell to any person dea.- ing in hair powder, and licensed in pursuance of this act, ard for such licensed person to bay for sale any hair powder, tb? , price whereof shall not exceed the rate of two shillings forth? pound weight, and packed in any calks, thefts, cases, bags,

Perfumery* 321

E

m or other packages, each package whereof shall contain 224 49*

pounds of such hair powder at the lead, without affixing, si Or being required to affix, to the same, any cover, wrapper, rs or label, marked or damped according to the directions of the a£K

e Every such iftaker of hair powder, as aforesaid, who shall Account of sale. -j vend or sell the same without damps, shall keep one or more book or books, wherein he shall fairly enter in writing a true X account of all such hair powder which shall be sold by him 1 without damps, and the name of the person to whom the same was so fold, and the particular days and times when the same g. was so fold ; which book and books any officer or officers appointed by the said of, or any three of them, for that purpose, may, at all seasonable times, in the day-time, sy examine, and take any copy or copies of the same, or of such parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without moles-"J, tatiod, under the pain and penalty that every person offending ^ in any of the particulars above mentioned shall, for every such t| offence, forfeit 20I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after ' is directed.

Persons felling wares, &c.subject to the aforesaid duties. Penalty on uffng ^ with the same label a second time, shall forfeit 10I. the same

{ AIfo persons felling or buying labels to be used a second Fraudulent pur-

a' time, or buying or selling packets with such labels, for- chafe or sale of feit lot. ' labels*

FiVe pounds per cent, discount is to be allowed, by the Allowance for of, for prompt payment of the aforesaid duties.

Every person who shall vend or expose to sale any such Wares, or other articles as aforesaid, liable to the duties by this act imposed, before he shall obtain a licence to vend or expose j( to sale the same in pursuance of this act, shall give notice in

writing of the nfual (hop, house, or place, where he shall vend Previous notice or expose to sale the same, or intends so to do; which notice o{ fair.

# shall be given or sent to the of of damps, or to their officers next adjacent to the place where such wares or other articles are vended or exposed to sale, or intended so to be;

01 and the like notice shall be given or sent by every such person^ j* as often as he shall change the places where such goods and other articles are by him fold, or intended to be sold; which

0 notice shall contain the particular (hop, &c. and the particular t* room or apartment of the (hop, &c. wherein the same are so

vended or exposed to sale, or intended so to be, upon pain that every person making default in giving notice as aforesaid, shall

1 forfeit and pay cl. to be recovered and applied as herein-after V is directed ; and all such wares, &c. subject to the duties herein by imposed, which shall be kept ready for sale, or offered to

sale, in any (hop, &c. whereof notice mall have been given or 1 f sent as aforesaid (except such wares, and other articles afore-9 said, which are particularly specHied in a certain schedule to this adi annexed ; and which are hereby allowed to be kept for

Tt sale.

L.

322

Perfumery,

Officer may enter to examine*

% 6G. 3.r. 49. sale, and exposed to sale, in any such (hop. in bulk or otherwise, without any damped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of altual sale thereof), shall be deemed to require a cover, wrapper, or label, marked and stamped as by this act is required, to be previously affixed thereon, in manner to be directed by the said of as a fore fa id; and it shall be lawful for any officer or officers, being thereunto authorized by the said of, to enter in the day time into any such (hop. . or any room or apartment whereof such notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and there to search and examine whether the said several wares, and other articles aforesaid, so kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, in such (hop. See, have respectively a cover, wrapper, or label duly affixed thereto, or to the indofures containing the same, according to the directions of this act; and if such wares. See. (except as herein excepted) shall be expofod to sale, or kept ready for sale, in any (hop. Sec. without any cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, or with a cover, wrapper, or label of less value than by this act is directed, or with a cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto insufficiently, and contrary to the directions of the said of, it shall be lawful for such officer and officers respectively, to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the said wares, &c. so exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale, or to the respective inclosures thereof, a cover, wrapper, or label marked and llamped as aforesaid (to be fopplied by the said officer or officers, if occasion shall require), in such manner as the said of shall from time to time di-red ; and if the owner or vender thereof, or the person having the care thereof, shall not upon demand pay and discharge to the said officer and officers all such sums of money as shall have become due and payable by him, in respect of the damps npoa the said covers, wrappers, or labels so supplied as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay 51. over and above the said duties, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed*

Persons obstructing officers in the execution of their duty, forfeit 20I.

In case any covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be damaged in affixing the same, upon such wares, dec. or otherwise, (o as be rendered unfit for use, it shall be lawful for any person li-Damaged labels censed in pursuance of this act, to hying such covers, wrappen, made good* w f0 marked and damped as aforesaid, together with the wares or other articles to which the same shall have beet affixed, to the of for managing the damp dudes, or to the htad officer appointed by them, and on oath (or solemn affirmation, in case such licensed person shall be s Quaker), thereof made by such licensed person, to the fads-faction of the said of or head officer so appointed (who are hereby authorized to administer such oath or folemi affirmation, and to examine into all circumstances relating to

the

May demand what is due.

May net be ob» ftru&ed*

le

^ vv

LI

i

,1

It

n

ri

its

si

it

t

:S

:55

at-

if,*

I*

a

t,r

iJ

I

Si'‘

Jif*

ti*

P

;il{

r

Perfumery. 323

the damaging the same), that such covers, wrappers, or labels, 26 3. c. 49.

so defaced or rendered unfit for the purpose intended, have not been used for any other purpose; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought after the Tame have been fold; and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the same, except th& money first paid for such covers, wrappers, or labels; then, and in such case, the said of are hereby required, after destroying such de- , faced covers, wrappers, or labels, to deliver-to such licensed person other covers, wrappers, or labels, of the same denomination or value, without demanding or taking, for the same, any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever.

Persons felling articles subject to the duties herein men- P™«ity on not tioned, in any place not specified by notice, forfeit $1. specif/ing place.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to the sale of any Exported goods wares or other articles, by any licensed person as aforesaid, to not liable, any person in Great Britain for the purposes of exportation, where such wares and other articles so fold shall be, side and without fraud, exported to foreign parts; and in every such case, the person or persons felling the same for exportation shall, within three days after the sale thereof, give notice in writing to the said of, or at the office of Notice to com-the distributors of (lamps next adjacent to the place where he miflioaci*. or they shall respectively reside, of all such wares or other articles aforesaid, which shall be so fold for exportation ; which notice shall contain the quantities and denominations of all such wares or other articles aforesaid, and the name and names of the person or persons to whom the same are so fold, and the port from which the same are to be exported ; and all such notices shall be filed by the said of, or their officers, to whom the same are given and sent as aforesaid ; and a certificate thereof, containing the like quantities and denominations of the wares or other articles, and also the names, persons, and places expressed in such notices respectively, shall, if required, be made out under the hands of the said Commissioners, or their officers aforesaid, and delivered gratis to the person or persons by whom such notices respectively were given or sent; and in all prosecutions of offenders for felling or baying any such articles contrary to the provisions of this act, every such certificate shall be legal evidence of notice, and of the quantities and denominations of the wares and other articles aforesaid expressed or contained therein.

Persons convicted of offences against this act, forfeit their i,fcei)ce for. licences; and for a renewal of such licence, after the first of- felted, fence, shall give a bond for the penal sum of 100I. — and fora Bond, if re-renewal of such licence after a second offence, the bond shall newtd* be for double the sum specified in the preceding bond.

The aforesaid duties are to extend to all articles included in the schedule annexed.

T t 2 Persons,

324

Perfumery.

*6 G.3. c. 49. Forged

Penalties. How lued for*

Time limited to fix month*.

One just ice

to judg-roent*

Penalties, how applied.

Persons counterfeiting stamps, or using stamps knowing . them to be counterfeited, are guilty of felony* JJ

Former powers relative to stamp duties, are to extend to \ this a6h !

All pecuniary penalties imposed on any person or persons , for offences committed against this act, shall be sued for and recovered, with foil cods of salt, in any of his majesty* courts at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great 1 Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of ieffioos, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

No informer shall be indtled, to his share of penalties, who does not prosecute within the time limited.

It shall be lawful for any justice of the peace redding near the place whete the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects the of- ^ fender to any pecuniary penalty; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any such information exhibited at any time within six calendar moaths \ after such offence shall have been committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to / examine into the matter of fad, and upon due proof thereof, ] either by the oath of the party, or by the oath of one or more,

credible witness or witnesses (which oath he is hereby im- .

powered to administer), to give judgment for the penalty or ] forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed 3 which ' penalties shall be divided and distributed, one moiety to the informer who shall prosecute for the same, and the other 1 moiety (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being £ first deduded) to his majesty; and to issue out his warrant, ] under his hand and seal, for the levying any such pecuniary 1 penalties or forfeitures (b adjudged on the goods of the offender, ^

and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three days, rendering to the party the over- plus, if any; and where sufficient goods cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for three months, unless such penalty shall be sooner \ paid; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by the |

judgment of such justice, then he may, upon giving security '

to the value of such penalty, together with such costs as shall I be awarded, in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices at the next general quarter-sessions for the county j or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby I impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and 1 finally to determine the same; and in case the judgment shall I be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

Witnesses.

I

Perfumery.

3i Witnesses neglecting to attend, forfeit 40 shillings.

For the form of conviction, fee the end of this work.

1 It shall be lawful for the said judice, where he dull fee

cause, to mitigate and lefTen dny such penalties, so as such jy mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety f of the penalties incurred over and above the cods and charges; jj and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any

0 court whatsoever.

r The several duties herein-before granted, shall be paid into ^ the hands of the receiver-general of the duties on damped vcl- lum, parchment, and paper; who shall keep a separate account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the exchequer, at such time and in

such manner as the duties now charged on damped vellum. Sec* 5 are directed to be paid ; and the said money, so paid into the exchequer, shall be carried to and made part of the fund commonly called the sinking fund, and shall be applicable to the 5 same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is, or by law may be applicable unto.

1 His majesty's shares of penalties are to be paid to the said 1 receiver, and paid by him into the exchequer annually on \ Augud 13.

1 If any person shall, at any time, be sued or prosecuted for f any thing by him done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special , matter in evidence for his defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become non* ^ suited, then such defendant shall have treble costs awarded to

him against such plaintiff.

t

SCHEDULE FIRST,

To .which this act refers.

} Containing the names of such articles as are subjecfc to the i* duties by this act imposed.

Almonds -

i.

'i' Amber, m

y

4 Balsam m

Bears -

f

Powder of

Pade

Soap

Wadi Balls Essence of Soap

Wadi Balls for the Hair Grease

Bergamotte,

325

26 G. 3. c. 49.

Penalties mitigated.

Net removable.

Duties, to whom paid.

His mtjeftji't Aares of penalties to the feme.

General idee.

0 26

o

Perfumery.

Bergamotte,

Bouquet,

Camphire

Cedar,

Citron,

Civet,

Cypress,

Cithere,

Cream,

Dentifrice

Dew,

Filberts,

Flowers,

Hair Powder, Honey

Honeysuckles,

Hyacinth,

J examine.

Jonquil,

so called Essence of Pomatums

Waftt Balls Water

so called Essence of Powder Water Pomatums Walh Balls EiTence of EiTence of so called EiTence of Powder so called EiTence of Water

Sweet Cypress Powder Cyprian Odoriferous Powder Water

Cold, for the Face

Beautifying, for ditto

White Cream Waftt Ball*

Marble ditto

so called

Spence's ditto

Rufpin^s ditto

Pearl ditto

Myrrh ditto

Vegetable ditto

Olympian

Naples

Oil of

Essence of

so called

Water

Essence of

Pomatums

EiTence of

EiTence of

Milk of

Oil'of

Powder of

Pomatums

Syrup of

Water

Eileacc of

le

lit

Perfumery.

Jonquil,

Lavender,

Lemon,

Lillies,

Lime,

Marechalle,

Mignionette,

Millefleurs,

Molt, -

Myrrh,

Myrtle,

Oeillett,

Orange,

Orange Flower,

Paints,

Peach Kernels,

Peach Bloilbms, Pearl,

- Water of Pomatums

- Distilled Water Ditto from the Flowers Essence of

Volatile ditto Powder of Pomatums Walh Balls

- Essence of

- Carnation of Milk of Powder of Waih Balls

- Efleece of

so called Powder of Duchesse French Pomatums Water

- Essence of

- Essence of Powder of Pomatums Water

« Essence of Powder of

Essence of

Essence of

so called Essence of Pomatums Powder

Essence of Powder of Butter Pomatum

Essence of Powder of Pomatum

- Rouge Blanche

Vegetable Rouge Serviette Rouge

- Powder of Royal Tincture of

- Powder of

Essence of

Pearl,

327

Perfumery.

Pearl, - - Powder of Powder of Pearl of India Water

Paste, - - Chinese Spermaceti

Pomatums, - Duchesse F rench Flora Italian

Common, hard and soft Scented Pomade de Nerole Pomade de Grasse Royal Pomatum for the Face Sweet Storax Pomatum

Powders, - A la Reine Aromatic Artois Bloom Devonshire Black Brown Grey ♦Orris Orleans Pink Red Yellow Scented for the Face

Chinese Face Powder Royal Powder Sangwine's powder for the teeth Shaving Powder

Pulville, - so called

Rhodium, - so called Essence of

Roses, Essence of Cream of Vegetable Cream of Milk of Odour of Liquid Bloom of Powder of Pomatums

N. B. Severe) attempts have been made to levy the penalties of this a on draggifts, felling this article ptr ft, without a (lamp; bet they have not foc-ceeded ; nor Indeed is it reasonable that they should ; as it evidently appesn, that* having been already subject to taxation as a drag, St cannot again Be taxable, till it is mixed with hair powder*

Savon,

Perfumery.

Savon, -Savonette, Soap,

Sweet Briar, Tinctures,

Thyme,

Tnberofe,

Violet,

Wash Balls,

Wallies,

Waters,

Wool, .

- Royal

de Graflc

- Alicant Bath Cake Improved Jerusalem Joppa luliaa Naples Perfumed Venice

EHence of Powder of

for the Teeth Greenough's ditto Rofpini's ditto ElTence of

- ElTence of Pomatum Water

ElTence of Powder of

Fargeon's Powder of

Pomatums

Water

Circadian Chemical Italian Marble

Queen's Marble Royal Cyprian

Venetian Bloom Turkish

Perfumed Carmes Cologne

Italian Hair Water Miss in her Teens Suave

Sans Pareille Vento's Italian Water

- China India Spanish

329

U 0 SCHEDULE

33°

Perfumery,

SCHEDULE SECOND,

To whick this act refers.

Containing the names of such articles, liable to the duties by this act imposed, which are allowed to be kept for sale it bulk, or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label, affixed thereto, uatil the time of actual sale thereof,

Almond Paste Almond Powder Benrs Grease Cold Cream Italian square hard Soap Naples soft Soap

Perfumed and coloured Hair Powder, above the price of 2s. per pound weight Rouge in Pots Waft-balls of all forts.

I Ha to, 17S,

3 htjl. 164.

Perjury defined.

I Haro, 177,

Subornation

explained.

5 El, c, 9,

Penalty for ftbornation.

S El. e.o.

Punishment of

perjury.

Perjury and Subornation,

PERJURY, by the common law, seemeth to bet wilful 1 false oath, by one, who, being lawfully required to de- f pose the truth in any judicial proceeding, (wears absolutely, in a matter material to the point in question, whether he be believed or not.

Subornation of perjury, by the common law, feeras to be an offence, in procuring a man to take a false oath, amounting to perjury, who actually taketh such oath.

As to suborna'iion of perjury, by the statute, every petjbn who shall unlawfully and corruptly procure any witness to < commit any wilful and.corrupt-perjury, in any matterorcaofe depending in suit and variance, in chancery, or in any court of record ; or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any witness, which shall be sworn to tellify memoriam, shall forfeit 40I. half to the king, and half to the , party grieved, who shall sue for the same. And if he h3s not lands or goods worth 40I. he shall be imprisoned half a year, and (land on the pillory one whole hour in some market town next adjoining to the place where the offence was Committed, in open market there, or in the market-town itself where the offence was committed. And he shall bedifabledto beawit-ness in any court of record.

And as to perjury, if any person, either by subornation or i otherwise, shall wilfully and corruptly commit any wilful per- I jury, by his depoiition in any of the courts before-mentioned, V

or I

Perjury And Subornation. 331

Of being examined ad perpetuam ret memoriam, be shall forfeit 20I. in like manner, and be imprisoned six months ; and if he has not goods worth 20I. he shall be set on the pillory in some market-place within the shire, city, or borough, where the offence was committed, by the sheriff or head officer respectively, and have both his ears nailed. And he shall be for ever disabled to be a witness in any cohrt of record.

And the judge of the court where the perjury shall be, and 5 til. e. 9. the judges of assize, and justices of the peace in sessions, may to be ertqaife/hear, and determine thereof, by inquisition, present- tried*' ment, bill, or information, or otherwise.

Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, orfuborna- % e. 15. tion of perjury, besides the punishment inflicted by other laws Further ponifl* for so great crimes, shall be sent to some house of correction ®fnt of thit within the same county, for a time not exceeding seven years, cnme* there to be kept to hard labour during all the said time, or otherwise to be transported beyond the seas, for seven years, as the court shall think most proper: And the person convicted shall be committed or transported, over and beside such punishment as shall be adjudged, agreeable to the laws now in being; and if he return before the expiration of the ieven< years, he shall fader death as a felon.

Petition.

person shall solicit above 20 hands to any petition to el c.

the king, or either house of parliament, for alteration Caution' about of matters established by law in church or date, unless the obtaining signs-m at ter thereof hath been consented to by three or more justices t.are# toP«u-of the county, or by the major part of the grand jury at the l,on* affixes or sessions ; or if arising in London, by the lord mayor, aldermen, and common council 5 nor shall present any such aboot present-petition accompanied by more than ten persons, on pain of a ing U.

(urn not exceeding tool, and three months iroprisonment, on conviction at the assizes or sessions in six months, and proved by two wttnesses.

Pewter, and other Metals.

THE mader and wardens of the craft of pewterers, and 19 7. 6.

where there are none such, the head and governors of s«««her* »p-the city or borough, may appoint searchers; and the justices pc^t"rn/ at Michaelmas sessions shall appoint two persons, having experience therein, to search within the county; and of all unlawful pewter or brass which they shall find, half shall be to the king, and half to the searchers.

No person using the crafts of pewterer and brazier, shall /</. fell or change any pewter or brass, at any place, but only in Sold.

U u 2 open


332

Pewter and other Metals.

t

open fair or market* or in hit own dwelling-hoafe, except be ' be defined by the buyer of such ware; on pain of 10L half to the king, and half to him who shall feime or sue«

G. 3. c.69. Every person who shall buy or receive any pewter pot, or

Receiving ftoien other pewter, knowing the same to be stolen, shall, on pewter, uc. conviction, although the principal felon has not been convicted of dealing the same, be transported as a felon for ferea years, or be detained in prison, and therein kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three years, nor lets than one year; and within that time (if such court shall think fitting), such offender or offenders shall be once, or oftener, bat not more than three times, publicly whipped.

Pillory and Tumbrel.

3 Jr.fi,219. QEEING the judgment to the pillory or tumbrel doth make the delinquent infamous, the justices of the peace (hoold nicnuU U be well advised before they give judgment of any person to this punishment, unless they have good warrant for that judgment therein. Fine and imprisonment, for offences fincable by them, is a fair and sure way.

Plague.

9 An. s. Justice'* duty heicin.

26 G. 2. c» 6. Watchmen'*

Beg ltd.

9 An. ft 2. Persons coming on (here.

WHEN quarantine shall be appointed, the justices of the counties adjoining, or one of them, shall forthwith cause watches to be kept by day and night, in the moss proper and convenient places, within the several adjacent parities ; who shall not permit any person whatsoever to come on (bore from, or go on board any ships under quarantine, except only such as shall have the charge of seeing the quarantine duly performed, or such as shall be licensed by such person having charge of the quarantine.

And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchman, shall neglect his duty, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of dergy.

If any person shall come on shore, or go aboard any other ship, the persons appointed for seeing quarantine duly performed, may compel him to return and continue during the quarantine: And such person so leaving such ship, and being thereof (after expiration of the quarantine) convicted by oath of one witness, before one justice near, shall forfeit not exceeding 20I. to be paid immediately to such jofiice, who may reward the informer thereout not exceeding a third part, and pay the remainder (charges deducted) to the poor of the parUh where the conviction shall be; and in default of payment, he

may

333

Plague.

i may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to i hard labour not exceeding one month.

When any part of Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, f Alderney, Sark, or Man, France, Spain, Portugal, or the L) Low Countries, shall be infected, the king, by proclamation, may prohibit all small boats and vessels under the burden of t, 20 tons, from failing out of port, till fecority be first given by „ the mailer, to the satisfaction of the principal officer of the „ cuiloms, or chief magistrate of the port, by bond to the king a with sureties, in the penalty of jool. that he shall not go to or ^ touch at any place mentioned in the proclamation; and that the mailer and every mariner and passenger shall, during the time aforesaid, not go on board any other vessel at sea ; and that he shall not permit any person to come on board such boat or vessel at sea; and shall not receive any goods out of any I other vessel; for which bond, oo fee shall oe taken. And if J such boat or vessel shall fail before such fecority given, the same, together with the tackle and furniture, shall be for-fit feited to the king; and the mailer and every mariner therein, \f being thereof convicted, on his appearance or default, on oath ;p of one witness, by one justice where the offender shall be found, shall forfeit 2ol. half to the informer, and half to the poor of sii the parish where the offender shall be found, by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to prison for three months.

Whenever the king, with the advice and content of parliament, shall direlt lazarets to be provided, for receiving of persons obliged to perform quarantine, or for airing of goods, it shall be lawful to erect the same, either in any waste grounds ^ or commons, or where there are not sufficient, in the several grounds of any person whatsoever, not being a house, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk, or avenue to a house, & paying for the same as shall be agreed on between the person s interested, and any two persons appointed by the king under a* his sign manual; and if they cannot agree, then the mid two persons shall, 30 days before the sessions, give to the occupier if a notice in writing, describing the quantity of ground, and purporting that the consideration for the same will be settled by a jury at such sessions. And the justices there, on proof \0 of such notice, shall charge the jury which shall attend there (or. Tome other jury to be then and there impanelled and re-Ji turned by the sheriff without fee), and canfe them to be sworn, well and truly to assess the value of such grounds, to whom t'S the parties may have their challenges; and the verdict of the yi said jury, and the judgment of the justices thereupon, shall be >$' conclusive, and finally bind all parties; and thereupon the king shall hold such grounds for such term as he shall judge <jif necessary, paying for the same such rent or other consideration as shall be so assessed.

The

f

9 An. e. s. Temporary

prohibitions till fecority giv«A.

Hot to touch at soy iofea«4 place.

Not to go on boatd, or receive goods.

Penalty for acgkft.

t6 (7* *. r, ^

Lsssreu

Tided.

334

it C. % e. $7* Lorda 01 the treasury may contract.

17-r. Ji.

R t: on inha*

hitant* for re-llevine the in-fctfc d.

*7- c. 3*.

or within fiv* miles.

a6 G, % f. 6 .

Certificate of health*

U.

Goods opened and aired*

U.

No fee taken.

»6 G. a. e. 6* False certificate felony.

Plague.

A

The lords of the treasury may con trad for an absolute chafe of such land, messuages, and tenements* to be veiled is the crown unalienably: And if the parties cannot agree* the price shall be settled at the sessions as aforesaid, on giving like notice to the Owner.

The mayor, head officers, and justices of the peace of every city, borough, town-corporate, and places privileged, or any two of them, may assess every inhabitant, and all houses of habitation, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the reasonable relief of persons infected with the plagne, or inhabiting in infected houses, and levy the same by warrant; and if the party assessed shall refuse to contribute, and the parties to whom the warrant is directed shall not find any goods to levy the same, then upon return thereof, they shall, by warrant, cause the person to be arrested, and committed to gaol till he shall pay.

If the inhabitants of such place shall find themselves unable to relieve all such persons, or if the infection shall be in a town where there are no justices, or in a village or hamlet, then two justices of the county may assess the inhabitants of the county, within five miles of the place' infected, at such weekly sums as they shall think fit, for the reasonable relief of persons infected; to be levied by their warrant, by sale of goods, and in default thereof, by imprisonment as aforesaid.

After quarantine performed, and on proof thereof by the oaths of the master and two other persons of the ship, or by the oaths of two credible witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of that or the next port, or their depaties, or a justice near, and that the vessel and every such person are free from infection ; and after producing a certificate thereof signed by the chief officer who superintended the quarantine; such officer of the customs, together with-the said justice, shall give a certificate thereof (gratis), and thereupon the vessel and every such person shall be liable to no farther restraint.

All goods liable to quarantine shall be opened and aired, is by such orders shall bfe directed ; and-after such order hath been complied with, and a certificate thereof griren by the chief officer appointed to superintend the quarantine and airing 6f such goods, and proof made thereof by the oaths of two witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of the next port, or any of their deputies, or any justice living near; on certificate and return of such proof by such custom-house officer to the of of the customs, they, or two of then, by their order, shall discharge the same*

And if any person shall take any fee for such oath, order, or certificate, he shall forfeit tool* half to the king, and hiii to him that shall sue.

And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchmu. shall in such case give a false certificate; he shall be gailty of felony without benefit of clergy*

Players.

I

t

I

'*r

335

Players.

ia

O'

x

t

i

.;i

j

ji

si

if

f

ii

si

V

>i

*f.

ji

j'

£>

EVERY period who shall for hire, gain, or reward, aft, 10 (7. ». r. a*.

or cause to be acted, any play or other entertainment of Restriaion on the stage, or any part thereio, if he shall have no legal fet- P,aJrcr,# dement where he acts, without authority from the king or the lord chamberlain, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the 12 An, (which act is repealed ; but the same is re-enacted by the 17 G. 2. c, 5.) or otherwise he shall forfeit 50I. in which case he shall not also. suffer as a vagrant.

‘The penalties may be recovered in the courts at Westmin-iter, or before two justices, by the oath of one witness, or con- Penalties, fession, to be levied by distress; and, for want of sufficient dif- recovered and tress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction *PP,ed* not exceeding six months, to be kept to hard labour; or to the common gao), not exceeding six months, without bail or mainprize: Persons aggrieved by order of the justices, may appeal to the next sessions: The said penalties to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the poor.

$ut, by special acts of parliament, playhouses are permitted Special acts for to be erected in particular places. — See Art. Theatres Li- them, censed.

Any house, room, garden, or other place kept for public G Ct dancing, mu fie, or other entertainment of the like kind, in unlicensed* 3 London, or within 20 miles thereof^ without licence (except rooms, &c the theatres of Drury-lane, Covent-garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercised by letters patent or licence of the crown, or of the lord chamberlain), shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit tool. See Gaming.

Police Bill. — See Justices in Westminster, &c.

Polygamy.

IF any person within his majesty's dominions of England and 1 n.

Wales, being married, shall marry any person, the former Felony*

husband or wife being alive; such offence shall be felony (but

within clergy), and the person and persons so offending shall suffer death, as in cases of felony.

This act shall not extend to any person, whose husband or

wife shall be continually remaining beyond the fcas, by the A c*re c«-

space of seven years together. emption.

Nor to any person whose husband or wife shall absent him

or herself, the one from the other, by the space of seven years Another.

together, io any part of his majeilv's dominions, the one of

them not knowing the other to be living within that time.

Nor to any person who shall be, at the time of such mar- 1 7 f»

riage, divorced by sentence in the ecclesiastical court. m ca!®

° uivorce.

336

i H. H69># Who to be vilaifii

7 G. t.f. jf, Poor agfritved tntjr appeal.

43 ML €. Si Time of chafing.

U.

Office vacant, bow filled.

U.

Penalty on non* appointment.

Str. IC04. Extra parochial place.

*Vrr. 1261. Overseers, how described.

17 G, % . r. 3!. To receive books, &<i

Polygamy.

On a prefecotion upon this statute, the first and true wife is not to be allowed as a witness against the husband ; bat it feemi dear that the second wife may be admitted to prone the fccoad marriage, for (he is not his wife so much as dt

Poor.

IF any person shall be aggrieved by any thing done or omitted by the churchwardens and overieers, or by any of his majesty's justices of the peace, he may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions, where the same shall be heard, and finally determined; but if reasonable notice be not given, then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions; and the court may award reasonable costs to either party, as they may do by 8 &9 W.in case of appeals concerning fetdemenu.

Appointment of Overseers,* with their Duty thereupon.

THE churchwardens of every parish, and four, three, or two fubft&ntial housholders there, as shall be thought meet, having respect to the greatness of the parish, to be nominated yearly in Ea(let week, or within one month after Easter, under the hand and seal of two or more justices of the peace in the same county (1 ^\) dwelling in or near the panfli or division, shall be called overseers of the poor of the same pari (h.

If any overseer shall die, or remove, or becojne info!vent, before the expiration of his office, two jaftices (on oath thereof made) may appoint another in his dead.

And if in any place there shall be no such nomination of overseers as is before appointed, every justice of the division shall forfeit cl. to the poor of such place, to be levied by the church-wardens and overseers, or one of them, by distreis, by warrant from the sessions.

An extra-parochial place, not having the reputation of n ville, is not liable to maintain its own poor.

Overseers mu ft be described, in pursuance of the words of the statute, as Jubfiantial houjkalders in the said pari lb.

The overseers thus appointed, and taking upon them the office, shall, within fourteen days, receive the books of aftTdT-ments and of accounts, from their predecefloH, and what

See a trsft, entitled " The Duty of Overseer of the Poor, fee." price rs. Piloted for Faulder toe Robinfons, Lon. 00, 1791.

money

33 f

Poor. ( Over Jeers.)

To meet once a month.

monty and materials shall be in their hands, and reimburse them their arrears.

And they shall take order from time to time, with the con*- 43 ,

sent of two such justices as aforesaid, for setting to work the ^J^bl,drcn children of all such whose parents shall not, by the said church- r wardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain them; and also for setting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, having no means to and ruch as maintain them, and using no ordinary and daily trade. Which „o means of said churchwardens and overseers, or such of them as shall not maintaining be let by lickness or other just excuse, to be allowed by two themfeltes. such justices, shall meet at least once a month, in the church, on Sunday in the afternoon, after divine service, there to consider of some good course to be taken, and ofder to beset down in the premises; upon pain that every one of them absenting themselves without lawful caofe, from such monthly meeting, or being negligent in their office, shall forfeit, for every de- Penalty for not fault, 20s. to the poor; to be levied by some or one of the meeting, churchwardens and overseers, by warrant from two such justices, by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeiture shall be paid.

Provided that if any person shall be aggrieved by any act done by the said churchwardens and other persons, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties.

Of Persons having no Settlement.

S3 & 14 C. 3. c. 12. Removable

WITHIN 40 days after any poor persons shall come to settle in any tenement under 10I. a year, two justices (1. J^.j may remove them to th- place where they were last legally settled ; unless they give sufficient security for discharge of the ,ort]r parish, to be all6wed by the said justices.

If any person, who shall come into any parish or place there 8 3©.

to relide, shall at the same time procure, bring, and deliver to Certificate to the churchwarden! or Overseers of the parish or place, or to any admitted. 1 of them, a certificate, under the hands and Teals of the church* wardens and overseers of any other parish, or the major part of them, or of th.e overseers where there are no churchwardens; to be attested by two or more credible witnesses 5 thereby owning and acknowledging the person mentioned in the said certificate to be an inhabitant legally settled in that parish, town-ship, or place ; every such certificate, having been allowed of

and subscribed by two justices of the place, shall oblige the said parish or place, from which the certificate shall come, to receive and provide for the person mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that parish,

X whenever

33*

S 6f 9 r.

Not removeable till actually

chargeable*

ioJF* f. ii.

What feta aside certificate.

3 ? i t. 29*

Witnessea oath respecting certificate* .

M*rroxo's e^/e 581. UnGgned certificate*

ftT9 ir.f.30. Extent of certificate.

Poor. (Certificate.)

whenever they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be '

forced to aflc relief of, the parish, town ship, or place, to which / the certificate was given : And then, not before, it shall be I

lawful for such person, and his children, though born in that I

parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal settlemeoc there, J to be removed* conveyed, and settled in the parish or place I from whence such certificate was brought. |

No person, who shall come into any parish by such certifi- j cate, (ha]l be adjodged by any ad whatsoever to have procured I a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and bona J side take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of iol. or 1 shall execute some annual office in such parish*

The witnesses who attest the exeention of the certificate by 'J the churchwardens and overseers, or one of the said witnesses,

shall make oath before the j ustices who are to allow the same, that such witness or witnesses did fee the churchwardens and , overseers of the poor, whole names and seals are thereunto subscribed and set, severally fi^n and seal the said certificate; and that their names are of their own proper hand-writing ; which said justices shall a]so certify, that such oath was made before them. And every such certificate so allowed, and oath of the ?

execution thereof so certified by the said justices, shall be al- [ lowed, in all courts whatsoever, and received ns evidence, f without other proof thereof. I

Certain general Rules concerning Certificates.

"f

A Parish cannot so compelled to grant a Certificate.

A Certificate is not binding, unless signed by the Justices. j"

THE justices are not obliged ministerially to allow and sign ,. a certificate. They have a discretion to allow it, or not to allow it, if it be liable to objection. And if it is not a certificate within the ad (which it is not, unless properly signed), it cannot conclude the parish*

A Certificate extends

NOT only to the certificate man himself, but likewise to all his family and all his children, whether born before or after the certificate*

A

4C-

A *1

Poor. ( Ce

3391

A Certificate is conclusive against the Parish certifying.

BECAUSE a certificate is a solemn acknowledgment, % Salk. 535. whereby the party is owned to be legally settled there: And *ranli,t as all other parishes on this certificate bound to receive him % !t 18 bottnd* so the parish that certifies is concluded as to all other parishe*.

A Certificate is not binding against a subsequent Settlement.

A CERTIFICATE, pfomifing to receive the persons when- 3 53. 1

ever they become chargeable, is .not conclusive against a fet- May be superi dement obtained afterwards; for though it be according to the agreement between the parishes, yet a private agreement in this respect Dull not alter the law.

- A Certificate is not restrictive from gaining a Settlement in a third Parish.

A CERTIFICATE provides for the security of that parish only, into which the certificate persons came to reside by vir- Cafe 186. toe of such certificate 5 but doth not exclude a certificate per- j'ubsequent son from gaining a settlement in another parish, in the same fct"ement*

; manner as any other person may do.

A Certificate is discharged by an Estate of a Man's

own.

A MAN may not be removed from his own, whether it 9 come to him by defeent, devise, or purchase ; and continuing FjIC*/by7por-thereon 40 days, he shall thereby gain a settlement, provided chtfe.

4 that, in case of purchase, the consideration paid amount, bona fde9 to the sum of 30I.

A Certificate is discharged by a Removal.

THE law is so far from looking upon a certificate as con* Setth

tinning after an order of removal, that the pauper cannot re- 373; turn to the place from which he was removed, without incur- ra-

ring a penalty.

turning.

Appendix, No. 59.

X x a

A Certi-

340

Poor. (Certificate.)

9 G. c* 7*

C*fe of apprentice under certificate*

Settled where horn*

Cafetoff. 66* Not, if by collusion,

3 Salk. 66. or by persuasion*

Cases of S. 66. or by dnavoid* able hindrance*

U.

To go with the order, if born in traofite*

17 6.1. f. 5*\ Woman to be delijrered*

Settlement of the woman that of the child, so born by the way.

358*

Boro in house of c?r rection* 13 G.3. c. St* Bora in lying-aa-bofpiui*

A Certificate is discharged by the Pauperis deferring it*

THE certificate act fays, that the apprentice shall not gain a settlement in the parish to which his mailer came by certificate. But if this apprentice hath gained an intermediate fct-tjement, he ought to be sent to that settlement which he hath intermediately gained.

Of Settlement by Birth.

Of Bastards.

A BASTARD child is primafacie settled when bora: And this was the antient genuine settlement: But this rule admits of divers exceptions.

If a woman comes into a place by privity and collusion of the officers where (he belongs, and is there delivered of a baf-tard, such bastard gains no settlement, notwithstanding its birth.

If a woman big with child of a bastard, and settled in one parish, is persuaded to go into another, and there be delivered ; this fraud will make the pariftt chargeable where the mother was settled, though the child was not born there.

If a bastard is born under an order of removal, and before the mother can be sent to the place of settlement, being hindered by water or otherwift, such bastard shall not be settled where so born, but at the mother's settlement*

If the officers are carrying a woman by virtue of an order of removal, and (he be delivered on the road in the baf-

tard shall go with the mother where (he is going, by virtue of the order, notwithstanding the birth*

Where any woman, wandering and begging, shall be delivered of a child in any parish or place to which (he doth not belong, and thereby shall become chargeable to the same, the churchwardens or overseers may detain her till they can safely convey her to a justice of the peace. And if such woman shall be detained and conveyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which (he is delivered, if a bastard, shall not be settled in the place where so born, nor be sent thither by a vagrant pass; but the settlement of such woman shall be deemed the settlement of such child.

A child born in the house of correction, shall be sent to the place of its mother's settlement*

A bastard borp in a lying.in-hospital, shall follow the mother's settlement*

If


Poor. (Settlement by Birth.) 341

If a woman come into a parish by certificate, and be there delivered of a bastard, that child shall not be included in the certificate as part of the family,but shall be settled where born.

Yet it Teems, that the bastard child shall go with the mother for nurture till seven years, and be maintained at the charge of the parish where it was born. See case of Darlington, H, *7 G. 3-

Sefl\ C. V. *. 170.

Ballard not included ia ceitilicate.

To )»o with the mother.

Of Legitimate Children.

THE father's settlement is the settlement of the children, when it can be found out; otherwise the birth of they child prima facie is the settlement of the child, until there is another settlement found out. If they cannot find out the legal settlement of the father, the birth is the settlement of the child. The settlement by birth is only quousque they find the father's settlement; and if they never can find that, it is absolute up* on them.

Fofrj, *65. . Father's settlement that child, if know*.

Of the Settlement of Children with their Parents.

THE birth of legitimate children doth not give them a settlement, except where the settlement of their father and mother is not known, and then only till it is known.

A child of seven years of age may be bound apprentice to a Shipwright, fisherman, owner of a ship, or other person using the trade of the Teas ; and, by the vagrant act of the 17 2,

a vagrant's child of that age may, by the justices, be put out an apprentice: and, as soon as he shall have resided and lodged in a parish for 40 days under the indenture, he will have thereby gained a settlement. So that the precise time when a person may have gained a settlement in his own right, is at the age of seven years and 40 days.

When a father gains a second settlement after the birth of s-r. 580. his child, that settlement is immediately communicated to the Child goes r« child. And a child may be sent to the place of his father's Settlement, without ever having been there before. cct C,nent*

The place where a bastard is born is the place of his settle- 3 Salk, ment, unless there is some trick to charge the parish ; but the lj-fj«ence.n place where legitimate children are born is not the place of felt:e'.ncu:. their settlement; for let that be where it will, the children are settled where their parents are settled.

Though the place of the birth of a child, where the father Str. 5S0. hath no settlement, is the place of the settlement of the child, Removjb'e . yet where the father hath gained a settlement, his children, s i;t< e-though born in another parish, shall be looked on as settled at n *

the

Fo/ev, *69.

Fitter's or it other's lcttle. ment.

SE/.c 5. Apprentice J feteo years aid.

How soon a child may gsto a feuiemenu

342

19 Finer, 38s.

£»cn if dead.

Folry. a 54. Widow'* fet-tlem*nt.

L- Raym. 1473.

Widow's mart), iflj again.

3 Salk. *59. Children* how ojfpjfed of.

Burrow's Serif. Cale 4$2. Father's fetile-m<*nt, if puifiale to be found. ( Holt. Ch. . Child's leiile-meat.

13 & 14 C. 2.

C.12.

I'ariih o$CCr*l

dttt/.

1 J. 2. l..ha jirancy, how computed.

3 J5T. f, if* Apprentice's claim.

12 An. I.

C, 18.

Apprentice to a

certificate*

mailer.

31 G. 1. c. 11. Writing not indented valid.

{Poor. Settlement with the Parents.J

the place of their father's lad legal settlement, and shall be removed thither, as well after the death of their father, if occasion requires, as in his life-time, supposing they bare gained no settlement of their own.

If the father dies before the child is born, yet the child shall be settled where the father was settled before his death.

If a widow, by renting lol. a year, gains a new settlement, her children are settled with her.

But if a woman marry again to a man settled in another parish, her children, by her former husband, mull go with her for nurture, yet they are fto part of her second husband's family; and therefore gain no settlement in the parish where the father-in-law is settled.

Those under seven years of age shall be kept at the charge of the other parish, where their father, whilllliving, was settled ; and to that parish they may be sent, after seven years old, as to the place of their lawful settlement.

The child's settlement follows that of its father, if the father's can be found; and no recourse shall be had to the mother's settlement, till that of the father can be traced no further.

Where a child is first known to be, that parish mud provide for it, till they find another.

k

1

1

i

S

/.

Y

I

Of Settlement by Apprenticeship.

ON complaint by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, within 40 days after any person shall come to settle in any parish, on any tenement under 10I. a year, two justices ( I ^.) 4

may remove him to the place where he was last legally settled, » either as a native, housholder, sojourner, apprentice, or fer- % vant, for the space of 40 days at the lead. I

The said 40 days shall be reckoned, not from the time of I his coming to inhabit, but from the time of his delivering no- 1 tice in writing; and by 3. IV. c. 11, not from the time of delivering such notice, but from the time of the publication of such notice in the church.

If any person shall be bound an apprentice by indenture, and inhabit in any town or parish, such binding and inhabitation shall be adjudged a good settlement, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

If any person, after June 24, 1713, shall be an apprentice bound by indenture to any person redding under a certificate, in any parish, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, such apprentice, by virtue of such apprenticcship, shall not gain any settlement in such parish.

No person who shall nave been bound an apprentice, by any deed, writing, or contract, not indented, being first legally

ft imped,

Poor. (Settlement by A 343

AoBiped, shall be liable to be removed from the place where he was jo bound and resident 40 days, by any order of removal, or order of sessions, by reason only of such writing not being in dented.

An apprentice may gain a settlement, whilA his maAer, not renting iol. a year, gains none. In such case, the maAer being removed, may apply to the juAices to compel the apprentice to go with him.

If the maAer runs away, the apprentice is not sufficiently /uijuris to hire himself, nor can he gain a settlement till his Indentures be legally cancelled.

Burn.

Apprentice settled.

MaAer not.

Cases ofS; 155. Apprentice may not hire himself.

Of Settlement by Service.

IF any unmarried person, not having child or children, shall be lawfully hired into any pariAt or town for one year, such service Aiall be adjudged and deemed a good settlement therein.

No such person fi> hired as aforesaid, shall be adjudged or deemed to have a good settlement in any such pariAi or town-ship, unless such person shall continue and abide in the same service during the space of one whole year.

If any person, after June 24, 1713, shall be a hired servant with any person who did come in to,.or shall reside in any pa* rish, town ship, or place, by means or licence of a certificate, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, township, or place; such servant shall not gain any settlement in such parish, township, or place, by reason of such hiring or service, but shall have his settlement as if he had not been an hired servant to such person.

If an unmarried man, who has a "daughter married and settled elsewhere, hires himself for a year, and serves the year, he gains a settlement by the service, though not AridUy a man.

If a man hired for a year marries, having.served half a year, the marriage doth not ninder the service; if the man performs the service, he gains a settlement.

All hiring for a few days, Aiort of a year, for the purpose of avoiding a settlement, will be considered as fraudulent; and the service will be allowed to make a good settlement. Less than 40 days residence in any pariAi will not gain a settlement: But if the contract be for a year, and the service be performed (sup-pose at sea, or in diAant journies), the residence need not be 40 days fucceAively; it is sufficient if within the year he resides40 days in the whole.

N. B. Though the case here alluded to is that of a daughter married and settled elsewhere, it should leem equally clear in the cafo of a or font, that have obtained a legal settlement elfcwberc, previous to ths father's obtaining a new settlement by the service of a year, onder a legal huing fora year.

Where

3 If. e. iu Yearly service.

S & 9 W. e. 30. Whole year.

It An, ft. f. c. 1$.

Servant to certificate matter.

Cases of S. 7. Man with child* ren settled.

a Salic. 5*7. Servant many-ing.

Cases of S. So. Burrow's Set. Cale 243. Fraudulent hiring.

Forty days* 1 e side nee.

344

Jd. *56.

Lift forty days ft (vice*

Poor. (Settlement by Service.)

Where there is a hiring for a year, and a service for a year, and a continuance under the same service, it is sufficient to gain a settlement; and such settlement mu ft be in thepviih where it was performed the last 40 days*

Jtf. C. 1.

Wi.Vs settle-narrvt.

Oafir* rsf S. $9. Ay:h-rp Roaing 0td I'hilt Mtdlflg,

AT. 3 -G.t

Of Settlement by Marriage.

THE settlement of a woman in her husband's parish, being a minor, and not having obtained the consent of his parents or guardians, set aside in the case of K. and Tenham.

A woman marrying a husband, who hath a known settle-xnent, shall follow the husband's settlement.

A wife can gain no settlement, separate and distinct from her husband, during the coverture.

A woman marrying a husband, that hath no known settle-tr.ent, doth not lose her former settlement, which ihe had be* fore marriage.

» 7 1. c. 17.

Compaction of notice.

3 W. C,T I. Notice to be teid iu chutcb.

Id.

Penalty on re-ruling t > read tire notice.

3 W e.tf. Cafe oi foldjera, Jec.

Of Settlement by continuing 40 Pays after Notice.

THE 40 days continuance of a person in a parish, to make a settlement, shall be accounted from the time of his delivering notice in writing, of the house of his abode, and the number of his family, if he have any, to one of the churchwardens or overseers of the parish to which he shall remove.

Which said notice in writing, the said churchwarden or overseer shall read, or cause to be read, publicly, immediately after divine service, in the church or chapel, on the next Lord's Day, when there shall be divine service in the same. — And the said churchwarden or overseer shall regiHer or cause to be registered, the said notice in writing, in the book kept for the poor's account.

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall refuse or neglect to read, or cause to be read, such notice in writing as aforesaid, he shall (on proof thereof by the oath of two witnesses before one justice) forfeit, for every offence, 40s. to the party grieved, by distress, by warrant directed to the constable of the parish or town where the offender dwells ; and for want of sufficientdif-tress, the said judice shall commit him to the common gaol for one month. And if any churchwarden or overseer shall refuse or neglect to register, or cause to be registered, such notice in writing, he shall, on the like conviction, forfeit 40s. to the use of the poor of the parish or town where the offender dwells, to be levied as aforesaid ; and for want of sufficient distress, then the said justice shall commit him as aforesaid, for the time aforesaid.

N. B. No soldier. Teaman, shipwright, or other artificer, or workman in his majesty 's service, shall have any settlement in

any

le

345

Poor. (Settlement by 40 Days.)

any parish, port-town, or other town, by delivering and publication of notice in writing, unless the same be after a difmif-lion out of the service.

When this notice given in writing has been omitted, the court has held all constructive notices to be no legal settle-inent, such as, attending the leet, amending the highways, and doing watch and ward.

Of Settlement by paying Parish Rates.

FORTY days inhabitancy shall gain a settlement.

Such 40 days are to be reckoned from the delivering of notice in writing, and from the publication of such notice in the church.

But if any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or parish, shall be charged with, and pay his share towards the public taxes or levies of the said town or parish, he shall be adjudged to have a legal settlement in the same, though no such notice in writing be delivered and publiftied.

But persons redding under a certificate, shall gain no settlement by being rated to and paying any such levies, taxes, or assessraents.

Payments for the repair of the church, the relief of the poor, and the land-tax, have been adjudged sufficient to gain a settlement: But no payment for the repair of the highways, or of the county-bridges, or of the duties on housesand windows, shall make a good settlement.

Where the tenant is #a(re(Ted to, and pays the land-tax, though it be afterwards allowed by the landlord, and deduced out of the rent, the tenant hereby gains a settlement; which is supposed to turn on the notice of inhabitancy, that arises from the party's being assessed and paying the tax, which is considered as tantamount to notice in writing.

Of Settlement by serving a Parish Office.

IF any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or parish, shall for himself, and on his own account, execute any public and annual office or charge in the said town or parish, during one whole year, he shall be adjudged to have a legal

N. B. In many instances, the landl is ajftjfid by name, though the tenant pays the Jand.tax, in confidence that it will t>c a lowed him : In which case, the notoriety of such a person's inhabitancy is loll ; and it should seem that there is no ground on which to establish a legal settlement. Thu decision, however, has of late been overruled ; and the tenant, though he has been affrfTed and paid the tax, has not been allowed to have giii.ed a legal settlement the.tbjf.

Y y settlement

Str. 853. Other notices not legah

13 & 14 C. 2.

e. is.

ij. *. r. 17.

3 IV. c, 11.

Id.

Assessment to the payment of taxes.

9 & IO r. if.

Not under a certificate. Church and poor rates, and land tax.

Not highways* boulie tax,

Burrow's SettU Cafe 75.

Tenant aflrfTed to, and paying the land tax.

3 TV. c. ill Serving an an* nual office.

34^

9 & toff

t, ii.

in which he U legally placed*

Finer Settl. Office of con-liable on hit own account,

Burrow's Cafe »4+. and legally placed in it.

Burrow's Cajt 571.

40 days residence, and renting icl. a year.

If left than jol. removable.

9 & 10 U\ r. it.

Taking a lease of a tenement. Estate for life. Sec, gains a settlement.

Foley, 157. Burrow's Scttl. Cafe 7.

"Who are properly removable* 9 G, e, 7. Settlement by purchase.

Poor. (Settlement by Office.)

settlement in the same, though no notice in writing be delivered and published.

No person, who shall come into any parish by certificate, shall be adjudged by any alt whatsoever, to have procured a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and side take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of 10I. or shall execute some annual office in such parish, being legally placed in such office.

To serve the office of constable as deputy to another, doth not gain a settlement, though it be served a year; for, by the words of the ad, he mud serve the office for on his

own account,

He mull also be legally placed in his office, by taking the oaths which belong to it. It mull appear to the court, how he came into his employment or office.

Of Settlement by renting iol. a Year.

THE ad (9 13 10 W, c. 11.) doth not require a person

renting a tenement of iol. a year, to occupy it ; it is enough if he rents it, and resides 40 days in the parish. The ground the ad goes upon, is a per Ton's having credit sufficient to hire a tenement of that value.

If the tenement is under lol.a year, the jaltices, upon complaint within 40 days, have power to remove the person coming thither to reside; if it Is not under iol. a year, the)' have no power to remove him ; and continuing upon the same on-removable for 40 days, he thereby gains a settlement.

Of Settlement by a Person's own Estate.

NO certificate person shall gain a settlement, but by taking a lease of a tenement of iol. a year, or executing an annual

office.

But, where a person has an estate for life, or an estate of inheritance of his own, that gains him a settlement, though less than iol. a year; for he cannot be removed 5 and if he cannot be removed, he certainly gains a settlement.

Where a man lives upon his own, it is a case of a very tender nature, and the law will not nnfettle him : Persons to be removed under the statute of C. 2, are rhofe that wander from place to place, and not those who live upon their own estate.

No person shall be deemed to acquire any settlement in any parish or place, by virtue of any purchase of any estate or interest in such parish or place, whereof the consideration for such purchase doth not amount to the sum of 30I. side paid, for any longer or further time than such person shall inhabit in

such

Poor. (Settlement by Estate.)

such estate, and shall be then liable to be removed to such parish or place where he was lad legally settled before the said purchase and inhabitancy therein.

A person may not be removed from his own, although not settled thereby, be the value ever so small, or let him come to it in what manner soever.

A certificate person shall gain a settlement by an estate of his own, notwith (landing the abovesaid ilatute of the 9 10 W.

If an estate descends to a certificate person, it gains him \ settlement, because it is by operation of law, and not by an act of his own.

Having land in a parish will not make a settlement, but living in a parish where one has land, will gain a settlement without notice; for the act never meant to bani(h men from the enjoyment of their own lands.

Of Removals.

IT shall be lawful, upon complaint made by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, to any justice of the peace, within 40 days after any poor person comes to settle in any tenement under the yearly value of 10I. for any two justices of the peace (one whereof is of the quorum) of the division where any person that is likely to become chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabit, by their warrant to remove and convey such person to such parish where he was last legally settled, unless lie give sufficient security for the discharge of the said parish, to be allowed by the said justices.

And if such person shall refuse to go, or shall not remain in such parish where he ought to be settled, but shall return of his own accord to the parish from whence he was removed, one justice may fend him to the house of correction, there to be pu-fiished as a vagabond.

All persons who shall unlawfully return to such parish or place from whence they have been legally removed by order of two justices, without bringing a certificate from the parish or place whereunto they belong, shall be deemed idle and disorderly persons ; and one justice may commit them (being thereof convicted before him, by his own view, or by their own con-session, or by the oath of one credible witness) to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

And if the churchwardens and overseers of the parish to which he shall be removed, refuse to receive such person, and to provide work for him, as other inhabitants of the parish ; any justice of that division shall bind any such officer in whom there shall be default to the assizes or sessions, there to be in-disted for his contempt in that behalf.

y y 2If

347

Barrow's Settl. Cafe 412.

Not removable from his own. Estate sets aside a certificate.

Barrow's Settl. Cafe 205.

% Salk. 514. Settlement on his own land.

13 & 14 1*

c. 12.

Persons likely to be chargeable*

Id.

Poor refusing to go.

17 G. 2. 5.

Unlawfully returning, how punished.

13 & 14 a.

C. 12.

Refusing to receive, indictable.

34&

3 fT. r. it. Refused, farther puaifiuble.

Str. 1091. Examination before two just icet.

Burn, Poor -tnove/t vol.

P* 49*

1 Salk. 406.

Record to be nude*

S & 9 JP. t. 30.

Power of certificate.

Removesble, not till a8natty chargeable.

3 <7. 2. c, 29. Charge of removing certificate person, by whom paid*

Poor. ( R.)

If any person be removed by virtue of this act by warrant of two justices, the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or town to which such person shall be removed, are required to receive the said person ; which, if he or they shall refuse to do, the person offending, on proof by the oath of two witnesses, before one justice of the place to which the person shall be removed, shall forfeit, for each offence, cl. to the nfe of the poor of the parish or town from which such person was removed; to be levied by distress, by warrant to the constable of the parish or town where such offender dwells; and fur want of fufffeient distress, the said justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol for 40 days.

Though the complaint may be to one justice, yet the examination ought to be by two, and those the same who sign the order of removal.

And, most undoubtedly,the justices ought to be both together at the hearing and determining; though the practice in many places is otherwise.

After an order and adjudication is made, that the same may appear upon record afterwards, in order to charge the pariftt, the most regular way for the justices to proceed, is to make a record of the complaint and adjudication, and upon that to make a warrant to the churchwardens and overseers, to convey the persons to the parish to which they ought to be (ent, and deliver in the record by their own hands into court the next sessions, to be kept there amongst the records.

If any person, who shall come into any parish or place, there to reside, shall deliver a certificate to one of the churchwardens or overseers there, such certificate shall oblige the parish or place granting the same, to receive and provide for the person mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that parish, whenever they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to alk relief of, the parish, township, or place, to which such certificate was given ; and then, and not before, it shall be lawful for any such person, and his children, though born in that parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and settled in the parish or place from whence such certificate was brought.

When any overseer or other person shall remove back any persons or their families, redding under a certificate, and becoming chargeable to the parish or place to which they shall belong, such overseer or other person shall be reixnbursed such reasonable charges as they may have been put unto in maintaining and removing such persons, by the churchwardens or overseers of the place to which such persons arc removed; the said charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more justices for the county or place to which such removal shall be made; which said charges so ascertained and allowed

Poor. ( R.)

shall, in case of a refusal of payment, be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the churchwardens and overseers of the place to which such certificate person is removed, by warrant of such judice or justices.

All persons who think themselves aggrieved by any such judgment of the said two justices, may appeal to the justices of the peace of the said county, at their next quarter-sessions, who shall do them judice according to the merits of their cause.

The appeal against any order of removal of any poor person, shall be had, prosecuted, and determined, at the general or quarter-sessions of the peace for the county, division, or riding, wherein the parish, township, or place, from whence such poor person shall be removed doth lie, and not elsewhere.

N. B. In case of an order of removal from a town corporate, the appeal mull be to the sessions of the county; and not ab todem adcumdem, the same justices probably fitting who made the order.

No appeal from any order of removal shall be proceeded upon, unless reasonable notice be given by the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place appealing, unto the church* wardens or overseers of the parish or place from which the removal shall be ; the reasonableness of which notice shall be determined by the justices at the quarter-sessions to which the appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them, that reasonable time of notice was not given, they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions, and then and there finally determine the same.

On all appeals to the sessions against the judgment or orders of any justices of the peace, the justices there shall cause defeats of form to be rectified and amended, without any cod to the party, and after such amendment, shall proceed to hear the truth and merits of the cause.

And, for the more effectual preventing of vexatious removals and frivolous appeals, the justices in sessions, upon any appeal concerning the settlement of any poor person, or upon any proof before them there to be made, of notice of any such appeal to have been given b/ the proper officers to the churchwardens or overseers of any parish or place (though they did not afterwards prosecute such appeal), shall at the same sessions order to the party in whole behalf such appeal shall be determined, or to whom such notice did appear to have been given, such costs and charges in the law, as by the said justices in their discretion shall be thought most reasonable andjull; to be paid by the churchwardens, overfifers, or any other person, against whom such appeal shall be determined, or by the person that did give such notice; and if the person ordered to pay such costs, shall live out of the jurisdiction of the said court, any judice where such person shall inhabit, shall, on re-

qued

349

3 G. t. c. *9.

How levied, ia calc ot reiulal*

13 & 14 C. ft.

c. 12.

Power of appeal-

8 Of 9JTe.?M W here to be heard.

ft Sjlk. 490. Cajei of ztttU

VO.

9 G* c % 7*

Appeal when heard.

5 G. t. ci 19. Defect of form, first remedied.

8 &9 IV e, 30,

Prevention of vexatious removals.

Payment of colls.

350 Poor. [Removal.)

9 G. e.7. Costs and charge*, htW accovered.

Felff* 176.

If only want of form.

1 Vtntr. 310.

Order of fefliona iaili

quell to him made, and a true copy of the order for the payment of such colls produced, and proved by some credible witness on oath, by his warrant cause the same to be levied by distress; and if no such distress can be had, shall commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain by the space of twenty days.

If the justices shall, at their quarter-sessions, upon an appeal before them there had, concerning the settlement of any poor person, determine in favour of the appellant, that such poor person was unduly removed, they shall, at the same quarcer-sessions, order arid award to such appellant, so much money, as shall appear to the said justices to have been reasonably paid by the parish or other place on whose behalf such appeal was made, towards the relief of such poor person, between the time of such undue removal, and the determination of such appeal; the said money so awarded to be recovered in the same manner as cods and charges upon an appeal are to be recovered by the statute just mentioned.

An order of two justices, if quashed at the sessions upon an appeal, for want of form only, is not conclusive between the two parishes.

It was moved for setting aside an order of sessions confirming an order of two justices upon appeal. But the court would hear nothing of the merits of the cause, the order of sessions being in that case final, unless there had been an error in form.

Of the Poor Rate, and other Helps towards their Relief.

43 El. r. a. Mode of vot* in.

t7 <?. ». *, 37;

Occupiers

liable.

THE churchwardens and overseers of the poor of every parish, or the greater part of them, shall raise weekly or otherwise (by taxation of every inhabitant, parson, vicar, and other, and of every occupier of lands, houses, tithes impropriate, propriations of tithes, coal mines, or saleable underwoods in the said parish) a convenient (lock of flax, hemp, wool, thread, iron, and other ware and fluff, to set the poor to work, and also competent sums for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind and such other among them being poor as are not able to work, and also for the putting out poor children apprentices.

Where there shall be any difpttte in what parish or place improved wades, and drained and improved marsh lands lie, and ought to be rated ; the occupiers of such lands, or houses built thereon, tithes arising therefrom, mines therein, and saleable underwoods, shall be rated to the relief of the poor, and to all other parish rates, within such parish and place

which

Poor. (Rate.) 351

which lies neared to such lands; and if, on application to the *7 37*

officers of such parish or place to have the same addled, any Depute* re-dispute shall arise, the justices at the next sessions after such °CXt

application made, and after riotice given to the officers of the several parishes and places adjoining to such lands, and to all others intereded therein, may hear and determine the same on the appeal of any person intereded, and may cause the same to be equally assessed, whose determination therein shall be final.

The churchwardens and overseers shall cause public notice 17 G, 2. e. 3. to be given in the church, of every rate for relief of the poor, Pub,'c notice of allowed by the justices, the next Sunday after such allowance 5 f,lc* and no rate shall be reputed sufficient to be collected, till after such notice given. And they shall permit any inhabitant to inspect such rate at all seasonable times, paying is. and shall Rate may he give copies on demand, being paid 6d. for every 24 names. — inspected.

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall not permit any in- Ref.ufa,» how habitant to inspect, or refuse to give copies as aforesaid, he Pun,Ac

shall forfeit 20I. to the party grieved.

If a person shall be aggrieved by any assessment, or shall 17(7.2. r. 38. have any material objection to any person's being put in or Power of appeal* left out of such assessment, or to the sum charged on any person or persons therein; he may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions for the county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; but if reasonable notice be not given, then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions after.

On all appeals from rates, the justices shall amend the same, without altering such rates, with respect to other persons men- Kate amended, tioned in the same; but if, upon an appeal from the whole if partially 'rate, it shall be found necessary to set aside the same, then wro,8* they shall order a new rate to be made. And the court may award costs to either party, as in cases of settlement by the 8 fcf 9 W.

True copies of the rates shall be entered in a book, by the *?Gi t. c. 3I# churchwardens and overseers, within 14 days after all appeals Truccopy 01 from such rates are determined ; and they shall attefl the same, by putting their names thereto; and they shall be delivered k over from time to time, to the new churchwardens and overseers, as soon as they enter into their offices, to be preserved and produced at the sessions when any appeal is to be heard.

Jt shall be lawful as well for the nrefent as subsequent 43 £//*. r. a. churchwardens and overseers, or any of them, by warrant from kubirqumt any two such justices, one whereof is of the quorum, to levy the said sums, and all arrearages, of everyone that shall refule *

to contribute according as they shall be assessed, by distress and sale.

And if sufficient distress cannot be found within the county, id. on oath made thereof'before a justice of any other couoty, the «*«" mother goods may be levied in another county or precinct. county.

In

352

43 F.Ie.

lroprisonmeot

in defect of distress.

17 G. 1. c. 38.

Proportion of iate»* how fculed,-

Ji.

offered X->i intguUr distreij.

JJ.

Succeeding oreikrri 10 rein.burle what ia due.

4; AV. c. t.

r.fn patish il uc«Uc*

JJ.

Kr!*dom, If *oie to relieve*

Per* »Jry on re-!>>(»(

e ft. r. r. 8.

Il'ifjand <>r

ftrrnts OC-ieruog.

Poor. (Rate.)

In defect cf such distress, it shall be lawful for two such justices to commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until payment of the same-

Where persons shall come into, or occupy any premises, out of which any person assessed shall be removed, or which, at the time of making such rate was unoccupied; every person so removing from, or coming into, or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such rate, in proportion to the time that such person occupied the same respectively, under the like penalty of distress, as if such person so removing had not removed, or the person coming in or occupying had been originally assessed in such rate ; which proportion, in case of d i£ putc, shall be ascertained by two justices.

If there has been any irregularity of proceeding in the parties didraining, and tender of amends hath been made by the said parties before an action is brought, no plaintiff shall recover in any ailion for such irregularity.

And if any person shall neglect to pay to such overseers, the succceding overseers shall levy the arrears, and shall reimburse their predecessors the same which are allowed to be due to them in their accounts.

If the justices perceive that the inhabitants of any parish are not able to levy among themselves sufficient sums for the purposes aforesaid, then the said two juRices (1 Q) shall tax, rate, and a fiefs as aforesaid any oth^r of other parishes, or oat of any parish within the hundred, to pay such sums to the churchwardens and overseers or the said poor parish, as the j u II ices shall think fit.

The father and grandfather, mother and grandmother, and children of every poor, old, blind, lame and impotent person, or other poor person not able to work, being of a sufficient ability, shall, at their own charges, relieve and maintain every such poor person, in that manner, and according to that rate, which, by the justices of that county where such fufRcient persons dwell, in their sessions shall be a defied ; on pain of 20s. a month; which penalty shall go to the use of the poor of the same parish, and be levied by fomeoroneof the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant from two such justices ( 1 ^.) by dif-trrfs; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeitures shall be paid.

Where any wife, child, or children, shall be left by their hulhand or parents, it shall be lawful for the churchwardeas or overseers, by warrant of two justices, to take and seize so much of the goods and chattels, and receive so much of the annual rents and profits of the lands and tenements of such husband, father, or mother, as such two justices shall order and direct, towards the discharge of the parish or place where such wife, child, or children arc left, for the bringing up and providing for such wife, child, or children; which warrant or

order

Poor. [RelieJ.) 353

order being confirmed at the next quarter-sessions, it shall be 5 G- c- lawful for the justices there to make an order for the churchwardens or overseers to dispose of such goods or chattels by property fclzcd faleor otherwise, or so much of them, for the purposes afore- and disposed of said, as the court shall think fit, and to receive the rents and profits, or so ranch of them as shall be ordered by the said sessions, of his or her lands and tenements, for the purposes aforesaid.

And the said churchwardens and overseers shall be account- jj, able to the justices at the quarter-sessions for all such money Officer teas they shall (b receive, countable.

All persons running away out of their parishes, and leaving 7 4.

their families upon the parish, shall be deemed and suffer as Leaving family, incorrigible rogues* See the article Va chargeable.

By 17 G. 2. r. 5, these offenders are ranked in a less crimi- Subsequent nal class, and are to be punished only as rogues and vaga- statute. bonds. See the said article Vagrants.

If a person doth but threaten to run away, and leave his wife 17 f- 5« and children upon the parish, he shall, on convictiort, before Tbw*ten‘n* one justice by confession, or oatn of one witness, be committed run ,vrajr* to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month.

Of the Relief and ordering of the Poor*

THE churchwardens and overseers, with the consent of two 43 justices (1 ^.) shall take order, from time to time, for setting Poor set to work* to work the children of all such whose parents shall not by the said churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their children; and for setting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, having no means to maintain them, and using no ordinary and daily trade; and for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being poor, and not able to work.

And the said justices, or one of them, shall send to the house id|e poor> bow of correction, or common gaol, such as shall not employ them- puni&ed. selves to work, being appointed thereunto as aforesaid.

Two or more parishes, townftiips, or places may join (with <> G 7. the approbation of any justice in or near such parish, &c. fig- tTn,on ot nified under his hand and seal) in purchasing, hiring, or tak- oirowtcPar* cu ing any house or houses for the lodging, keeping, and maintaining of the poor of the said parishes ; the major part of the inhabitants assembled in vestry and consenting, and notice being first given of such public meeting for this purpose.

The churchwardens and overseers of one parish. c. may jjt contraCl with those of another, without joining, for the lodg- Contract ing, maintaining, and employing of the poor. ouejoinin*

Z z There

354

e. if. Register of poor

Examined In E after week} or oftener.

Officers, how warranted to relieve.

9 G. r. 7.

Oath of refusal

to relieve.

9 G. 3. r. 37.

Having poor in bale money.

S2 G. 3. *.83. Two-thirds may adopt this act.

with the approbation of two justices.

U.

Governor appointed with salary.

Poor. {Relief.)

There shall be provided and kept in every parish a book, wherein the names of all persons who receive collection shall be registered, with the day and year when they were first admitted to have relief; and the occasion which brought them under that neceifity ; and yearly in Easter week, or ns often as, shall be thought convenient, the parishioners shall meet ia vestry, or other usual place of meeting in the parish, before whom the book shall be produced, and all persons receiving collection shall be called over, and the reasons of their taking relief examined, and a new lift made and entered of such persons as they shall think (it, and allow to receive collection; and no person shall be allowed to receive collection of the pa-riOi, but by authority of one justice residing in or near such parish, or by order of the justices in sessions, except in cases of plague or small pox, for fych families as shall be therewith infected.

No justice shall order relief to any poor person, till oath be made before him, that the same person hath applied to the parishioners in vestry, or to two of the overseers, without being relieved, and till such justice hath summoned. the two overseers to appear and shew cause why such relief should not be given.

If any churchwarden or overseer of the poor, or person authorized by him, shall make any payments to the poor in any base or counterfeit money, one justice, on complaint, may summon the offender, and on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not less than iqj. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to be applied, to the use of the poor.

Two thirds of a parish, in number and value, may agree to adopt this act,* and may nominate three discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor, and three others to be governors of the poor-house, and may fix their salaries, with the consent of two justices of the limit. Two or more parishes may also unite for the purposes of this act, with the approbation of two justices subscribed at the foot of the agreement; which agreement shall specify the situation of the house or houses, and a copy of the terms agreed on shall in three months be left with the clerk of the peace.

Two justices shall appoint one of the three persons recommended as above' for governor of such poor-noufe, to take, care of, and employ the poor, and to be allowed the salary or wages specified in the agreement; the visitor of such poor-house, or where a guardian is visitor, two justices may remove the governor, on sufficient proof of misbehaviour or incapacity.

And it were to be wished that it could be more generally adopted ; or that, if it be not adopted in tote, Tome of the most whole fa me and ufcftt! provisoes of it might be received and applied.

The

Poor. , [Relief.)

The guardians of the poor of these united parishes shall, two or more of them, produce to two justices of the limit the names of three respectable persons, as fit for the office of vi-fitor; out of whom the justices shall, within three days, appoint one ; and if he declines it, one other of the three; and in case of his refusal, the third; and if all refuse, the guardians shall by rotation, subject to the controul of the justices of the limit; such visitor, if not a guardian, may appoint a proper person for his deputy, to inspect the matters committed to the care of the visitor, and to make his report thereof.

Every visitor, so to be appointed, shall superintend every such house or houses, and settle and adjust the accounts between the said guardians of the poor and the treasurer of such house, if any question or dispute shall arise respecting the same; and also shall settle and adjust all questions which may arise concerning the persons which ought to be sent to such house or houses, according to the intention of this act, and by every prudent means in his power, enforce and promote the rules and orders for the better accommodation and relief of the poor: And every such governor, guardian, and treasurer, is hereby required to observe and obey the directions which he shall, from time to time, receive from the visitor so to be appointed, toffching the several matters aforesaid : And,

where any act shall be required to be done by a justice of the peace, such visitor, if not a justice, or his deputy or assistant,-shall apply to some neighbouring magistrate to do the same ; And every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or deputy visitor as aforesaid, as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the office of constable, and all parochial offices, and also from serving upon juries at th affixes or quarter-sessions, so long as he shall continue in that office ; and a certificate, under the hand of a justice of the peace acting for the limit wherein he executes such office, shall be admitted as evidence of his serving the office.

If two thirds, in number and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of land, tenements, or hereditaments, within any single parish, township, or place, Which shall adopt the provisions of this act in manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a visitor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend to the justices of the limit three persons properly qualified for that office, the justices, upon application to them in manner aforesaid, shall appoint one of the persons so recommended, in the manner herein-before directed.

The guardians of the several parities and townships united for the purposes of this act, shall recommend to the justices one of their own body to be treasurer of the poor-house ; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian so recommended, or any other of the guar-

Zz 2 dians

355

a iG.3. . 83* Visitior appointed.

Id.

Viii;or*s duty.

Visitor* privilege*.

Id.

Three p

recommended to justice*.

Id.

Treftfurer appointed.

L.

3 56

Poor. (Relief.)

Make out an ftnuual account.

ia G.3. e. S3, dians whom they shall think better qualified, to that office;

with securitj. which treasurer shall give sufficient security, to the fadsfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successi>rs, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his hands; and shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and pay or discharge the several bills and expences which shall be allowed and or* dered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and shall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every such meeting, for their perusal and approbation; and shall, once in every year, within 14 days before the Michaelmas quarter-sessions of the peace, make out a just and fair account of the expences attending the same; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age and sex, which shall be contained in every such house at the time of making such account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which shall be- laid before the visitor, and signed with his hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the pe^ce, or town clerk, before or at the time of the said quarter-sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspection : And every such treasurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual furo, not exceeding io^ as the visitor, if not a guardian, shall think fit; and if no such visitor, as two justices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

Vacancies occasioned by death of officers, &c. to be supplied by the justices in manner aforesaid.

The offices of guardian, governor, visitor, or treasurer, shall determine in Easter week next after the respective persons shall be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the public meeting shall be held ; when the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office, shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, in the manner herein-before directed, as if such person had died.

]<i. If within any such limit as aforesaid, wherein any poor*

what justices to house shall be situate, there shall happen to be no acting juf* tice, or only one acting justice of the peace, or if the justice or justices of the peace, who usually ad in that limit, shall be absent, or by any means incapacitated to ad, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to ad in all such cases.

The justices of the peace, within their respective limits, may appoint special or privy sessions for executing the several powers and purposes of this act, causing proper notices to be given of the time and place of holding the same, to the several justices of the peace, peace officers, and guardians of the poor, within such respective limits; and also may adjourn any such privy sessions, to be again holden at such time and

place

Id.

Justices to fill up vacancies. Id.

Offices, when to detetmiae.

ad.

Jd.

Special sessions t o execute this a a.

Poor, (Relief.) 357

2* place as they shall judge moll proper for discharging the bufi- as G. 3. <. fj. £a ness required by this act, and such other business which may si happen to fall under their cognizance, so as to occasion the least trouble to them ;lyes, and to afford the greatest conve-

1 nience and accommodation to the public, causing the like ?t; notices to be given of every such adjournment.

jt The poor are to be maintained at the general expence of the Msmtenanc* of m respective parishes: The guardians are to meet monthly: And ,0 the treasurer, at each meeting, is to produce an account of of

^ debts incurred for utensils, furnitute, Sec.; and also an ac- XrVaforTr*

3 count of the victuals, beer, &c. used in the poor-house ; and account.

2 the sum due from each parish, town ship, or place. Avail be ^ specified at the foot of such account, which shall, when fet-

tied and agreed to, be Agned by such guardians, or the ma- jor part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the visitor,

£ if not a guardian, and allowed by him, if he Avail approve thereof; and in case default Aiall be made in payment of the v respective sums so proportioned, for seven day? after the same shall be so settled and proportioned, and the money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the : peace for the limit where such house or hoitfes shall be situate,

upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to

3 levy the said respective sums, to be settled and proportioned il as aforesaid, by diArefs and sale of the goods and chattels of ^ pny guardian of the poor for any such pariAi, townAiip, or 3* place, making such default; and at the end of every year the

account shall be finally closed, and the balances paid and received.

It Aiall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor. where any fuel; pbor house Aiall be provided, purchased, or £e.n 'f Agreed to be erected, to inclose from any waAe or common belncl*fed*

^ land or ground lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major ? part in value of the freeholders or persons having right of common thereupon, Signified under their hands and seals, any part or portion of such ivafte or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upon, or occupying,

I cultivating, and improving the same, for the use and benefit -1 of such poor-house, and the poor persons within the pariAi, townAiip, or place, where the same Aiall be, or within the pa-:> riAies, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith ) for the purposes of this act.

3) No person Aiall be sent to such poor-house or houses, ex- Id. t cept such as are become indigent by old age, sickness, or in- who proper fjrmitics, and are unable to acquire a maintenance by their °*yeas* ft labour, and except such orphan children as Aiall be sent thill ther by order of the guardian or guardians of the poor, with

f the approbation of the visitor; and except such children as shall jiecefiarily go thither with their mothers for fufienance.

4 Nothing c?

358

23 (/. 5*

Kn child under j yean old.

li.

Emuloyment of jdilijcnt pour.

Ofidle poor.

U.

Clothing to be provided.

Poor. ( R.

Nothing herein contained shall give any power to separate any child or children, under the age of seven years, from hi*, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

Where there shall be, in any parish, town ship, or place, any poor person or persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, town Hup, or place, and he is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employment suited to his or her Arength and capacity, in any parish, township, or place, near the place of his or her refi- dence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be I properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such em- j ploy men t shall be procured, and during the time of such work, 1 and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in such maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the deficiency, if any ; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, . to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within ooe calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons who shall have earned such money, if no further expences shall be then incurred on his or her account to exhaust the same. And in case such poor person or persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian tofome justice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall en- i quire into the same upon oath, and upon con vision punish I such offender or offenders, by committing him, ber, or them, [ to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lese than one calendar month.

The guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall providr, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, suitable and necessary clothing for the persons sent by him to such poor-house as aforesaid ; and in case of his neglect so to do, the governor, or one of the ginrdians of every such house, shall make complaint thereof to some neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian so making neglect to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct him ro provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary; *

and if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within todays after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to direct the governor of such poor-house, or the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the same, and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expences of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to

levy

[

Poor. {Relief.)

359

levy the same, and the cods and charges attending the reco-very thereof, by didrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of every such guardian so making default.

The #rules, orders, and regulations, shall be duly observed Rates and or. and enforced at every poor-house or work-house to be provided *,er*to ob~ by virtue of this att, with such additions as Hull be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at forae special session ; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act, and provided that the same be not repealed by the justices at their quarter-sessions of the peace 5 and, for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more drictly attended to, the governors every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such house or hoofes.

It shall and may be lawful for any judice of the peace, on jj4 complaint made upon oath, by or on behalf of any poor per- Guardian re-fbn belonging to any parish, town Chip, or place, that the guar, fusing relief, dian, upon application made to him, hath refused such per. fbn proper relief, and after enquiring into the condition and circumdance of such poor person upon oath, either to order him or her, by writing under the hand of such judice, some weekly or other relief, or direct such guardian to fend such poor person to the poor-house, in case he or she shall appear a ntobjeCl to be kept and provided for there ; which order shall be complied with, or sufficient cause shewn to the contrary, before such judice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same ; and every person receiving weekly relief, shall wear the badge directed by the act made in the Badge to be eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the worn. Third, unless directed otherwise by a judice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour; or if it shall appear to such judice, that the person so complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to Poor willing work, but wants employment, in that case it shall and may be "orlctobe lawful for such judice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein-before directed; and if any guardian shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the sum of 5I. or if it shall appear tp such judice, that the person making such complaint, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is an idle Punishment of or disorderly person, and has not used proper means to get em- iH,e *nd deployment, it shall and may be lawful for the judice, after ex- order,y

These are subjoined to the act, which every parish, adopting the A. heme therein proposal, will certainly obtain ; and to which the reader i* referred, if lie requires more particular information.

amining

36°

Poor. (

it G. 3. c. S3.

Redrtfs of tg. grieved poor.

Application of pcaaltioa.

Poor taken HI th transico.

amining such person, and hearing the whole circafnftancei of the case, to commit such person to the hoafe of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor left than one calendar month ; or if it shall appear to such just ice, upon enquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person making complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly person, able to work, but by his neglect of work, or for warft of seeking employment, or by spending the money he earns in ale-houses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and suffers them to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor woman, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor left than one calendar month. — [See also Amended Vagrant Act, 32, G. 3.]

The guardian shall not be summoned before the justice, 00-less the complainant shall have applied both to the guardian andvifitor; but if sufficient relief shall not be given or ordered, the poor person complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint (nail be made, shall be redressed by such justice.

Out of the penalty hereby infliAcd upon the guardian for disobeying the order of a justice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the justice of the peace, who shall convifl such offender, shall direct to be paid to such poor person to whom such relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in such manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

If any poor person shall be retarded on his or her passage through any parish, township, or place, in which he or she has no legal settlement, by sickness cr bodily infirmity, without the means of subsistence, or of proceeding to ihe place of his or her settlement, the guardian living near the place where inch distressed object shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and (unable nourUhment and assistance (ai\d also cloathing, if necessary) for such person, until he or she can be removed with safety; and when such person shall be fit to be removed, shall take such person to some neighbouring justices of the peace, who shall examine him or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlement, and make an order for his or her removal thither, if they think fit; and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for such person or per(bns as aforesaid, shall make a charge of the expences attending the same, which, on being allowed and certified by the justices before whom such poor person shall be so taken, or foxne other neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, the same shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where such poor person shall be settled, is

case

v^.

Poor. ( Relief.)

361

case the same can be discovered, and shall happen ht within 3» 83*

that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production

of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid ; or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels

of any such guardian so making default, after due summons,

by warrant from a justice of the peace having jurisdiction

there; and if any poor and lick person, circumstanced as afore- poQT

said, shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any

poor person shall be found dead in any parish or place to which

he or she did not belong, the guardian of such parish or place

respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case,

to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or

place, where he or she so died or was found dead, and (hal(

make a charge of the expences attending the same respectively,

which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace,

after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place

where such person shall appear to have been settled, if the same f

shall be within that county ; but in case the settlement of such

poor persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be

within that county, the same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was so relieved, on the production of such allowance and

certificate, out of the county or public money to be collected

within his limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts.

If any poor person, who shall be sent to such house or houses, shall embezzle or wilfully waste any of the goods or Embezzlingma materials committed to his or her care, or shall take or carry terials. away, without permission of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the use of such house, or belonging to any person redding there, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of the peace living near such house; who shall hear the same, and the party accused; and such justice is hereby authorised, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

If any guardian, or other person or persons, shall entice, take, convey, or remove any poor person or persons from one parish or place to another, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 2oh nor less than 51.

If any visitor, guardian, or governor, shall fell or furnish any materials, goods, clothes, viduals, or provisions, or do Interestedof. any work in his trade for the use of any work-house, poor- flccr* house, or poor persons, within any parish, township, or place, for which he shall be so appointed to ad, or be concerned in A a a trade

How punished.

Id.

Penalty on enticing potto remove.

Id.

362

Poor. (Relief.)

G, 3. <. 83.

Housei miy be fold*

Id.

Penalties, hoi recovered,

end applied.

Id.

Power of appeal.

33 G. 3. e. 35.

trade or interest with any person or perfom who shall fell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than 5I. on being duly convicted thereof by a justice of the peace.

The guardians of the poor of any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, with the approbation of the persons qualified as herein* before-mentioned, obtained at a public meeting held for that purpose, may sell or dispose of any house, cottage, or building, which shall haw been erected or purchased for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom to the purposes of this act; and also may remove, by order from a j u(lice or justices of the peace, the person or persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expence of such parish, town ship, or place, if he, she, or they refafe to quit, after receiving 14 days notice for that purpose.

All penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered before one or more judice or justices of the peace of the jarifdiction where the offender dwells; who shall, upon conviction,iodefault of payment, after due summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deduded; for want of distress, any such justice of the peace may commit such offender to the house of correction, thereto remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding (ix calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; every such penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby otherwise di-reded to be disposed of, shall be paid to the treasurer of every such house or houses, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expences of viduals, beer, firing, and other necessary provisions for the poor within such house or houses.

Any person aggrieved by the ad of any justice or justices of the peace out of sessions, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, giving eight days notice thereof to the party against whom the complaint shall be made, and giving security, by recognizance, to be acknowledged before i justice of the peace, with a sufficient surety, to pay the coll; attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against the appellant; and the justice's determination shall be final.

By this act, two thirds in number and value, according to the poor rates, of persons qualified accordingt o the act 220'.;, c. 83, who shall attend any public meetings, and signify their approbation of the provisions thereof are sufficient. When two third parts, in number and value as aforesaid, of the Aid persons so qualified, and actually attending at such public

mcetir-i

Poor. Relief.

meeting as aforesaid, shall nominate and recommend to the > confederation of the justices of the peace of the county, riding, c city, town, or place where such meeting shall be holden, three able and discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for such parish, township, or place, and shall fix the salary to be paid to such guardian, according to the manner and form D prescribed by the said act; and shall also signify their opinion $ to the said justices, that, on account of the extent and population of such parish, township, or place, more than one r; guardian of the poor is necessary for the same; and shall ex-j' press their desire that two of the three persons so nominated and recommended as aforesaid, may be appointed guardians 1 of the poor for such parish, township, or place, it shall and

ji may be lawful for such of the said justices as are already em-t powered by the said act, to appoint one guardian to comply with the said desire, and to appoint two guardians accord-

t: in gly.

All such casual poor, as may happen to be within, and f would be entitled to relief from any one of such parishes, townships, or places as have been, or may hereafter be,

' united, shall be relieved by all the said parishes, townships, or places conjointly, and in the same proportion as they shall be, ^ and are directed to contribute for the general purposes of the said act.

If any overseer shall remove, he shall, before his removal, deliver over, to some churchwarden or other overseer, his accounts, verified upon oath, with all assessments, books, papers, money, and other things concerning his office; and if any overseerlhall die, his executors or administrators shall, within 40 days after his decease, deliver over all things concerning his office to some churchwarden or other overseer, and shall pay out of the afiets all money remaining due, which he received by virtue of his office, before any of his other debts are paid.

If any person shall find himself aggrieved by any act done by the said overseers or justices, he may appeal to the general $ quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties*

^ in all corporations or franchises, which have not four juf-£ tices, persons aggrieved may appeal, if they think fit, to the next county-sessions.

1* Overseers being negligent in their office, shall forfeit, for f* every default, 20s. to the poor, to be levied by one of the

f churchwardens or overseers, by warrant of two justices (1

by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may ^ commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain,

without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeiture shall be ^ paid.

;f Any parish-officer neglecting his duty, being convicted

4 thereof on oath before two justices, in two calendar months af-

p A a a . ter

4

t

363

33 ? 3-<-35-

A like number may recommend to the justices three persons qualified fur guardians of the poor, &c*

Casual poor to be relieved by united parishes conjointly.

17 G. 2. /. 3?.

Overseer*6 duly on removal*

Executors on his death*

43 El. c 2. Power of appeal*

17 G, 2. c. 3S. Appeal in corporations*

43 El. c. 2* Negligent over-feet*.

17 G. 2* e. 38. Penalty on parish officers ntglcfting duty.

364

3 W. e, 11.

Fariihioners

admitted

witnesse*

1 J. e. i*. Action, here laid, and how defended*

Fefufal to take' the oaths*

t G.ft. t,134 Two justkei may ftimmon recusant*

3 7 e- 4*

Penalty on ah* fence from public wof&ip.

Poor. (Relief.)

ter the offence committed, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 403. to the poor, by distress.

In all actions to be brought in thecourts of Westminster, or at the assizes, for the recovery of any sum mif-spent or taken to their own use by the churchwardens or overseera, the evidence of the pariftuoners, other than such as receive alms, flu 11 be admitted.

If any action be brought against any overseer, or other person which is in his aid, or by his commandment, shall do any thing concerning his office, he may plead the general iflnc, and if he recovers, he shall have double costs. And such adtfos shall be laid in the proper county, and not elsewhere.

Popery.

BY the toleration-aft, if any person, being required by a justice of the peace, shall refuse to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and to make and subscribe the declaration against popery of the 30 C. 2, he shall be committed by the said justiceto prison ; and, at the next sessions, if he shall again refuse to make and subscribe the said declaration, he shall be deemed and suffer as a popish reenfant convict*

Two justices may summon any person, whom they shall fuf-pedl to be disaffected, by writing under their hands and seals, to appear before them at a time prefixed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration ; which summons shall be served on such person, or left at his dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there; and if inch person shall neglect or refuse to appear, then, on doe proof made upon oath of serving the said summons, they shall certify the same to the next sessions, to be there recorded : And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, and take the oaths at the said sessions (his name being publicly read at the first meeting of the said sessions), he shall be taken and adjudged a po-pish recusant convict.' And the same shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace, into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

Penalty of not resorting to Church.

ONE justice, on proof (in one month after default) by confession, or oath of one witness, may call before him the party neglecting to go to church or feme place of public worship ca every Lord's Day ; and if he shall not make sufficient excuse, on due proof thereof to the satisfaction of the justice, such justice shall give warrant to the churchwarden to levy i2d. to the use of the poor of the parish for every default by distrefi and sale, rendering the overplus: For want of distress, commitment till paid. Ever?

Popery.

^ Every person educated in the popish religion, shall, within six months after he shall be of the age of 21, take the oath# of 2 the 1 G. c. 13, and make the declaration again# popery of the 30 C. 2, or in default thereof, shall, within fix mouths,

regider the lands which he possesses.

j And such lands shall be registered in the county where the house thereupon (lands. r The name of such popish recusant shall be subscribed to the regidry, in the presence of two justices in open sessions, by t himself or his lawful attorney, and two justices shall subscribe ^ their names as witnesses, on pain of 20I. that the entry was ^ duly made.

All deeds and wills already inrolled, and every oath of the due execution thereof, administered by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace, and the deputy clerk of the peace, or any two of them (such deputy clerk of the peace being one), shall be of the same force, vigour, validity, and effelt, to all intents and purposes, as if the same deeds and wills had been inrolled, and as if such oaths had been admini. flered by or before the clerk of the peace in his own proper :S person.

c No manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or rent or profit thereof, shall pass, alter, or

change from any papist, or person professing the popish reli-

gion, by any deed or will, except such deed within six months

li after date, and such will, within six months after the death of

& the tedator, be enrolled in one of the courts of record at West.

f minder, or within the county where they lie, by the cudos ro-

^ tulorum, and two justices of the peace, and the clerk of the

peace, or two of them at lead, whereof the clerk of the peace

to be one.

Any two justices, who shall know or suspefl, or shall be in-J formed, that any person is, or is suspected to be, a papid, may if and shall tender to him the declaration in the all of 30 C. 2 ;

if and if he shall not appear, after notice by warrant under hand

ft and feat given to him, or left at his usual place of abode ; or i shall not make and subscribe the declaration ; he shall be dif-1) abled to fyave or keep, in his house or elsewhere, or in the pof-$ fession of any other to his use, any arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except such weapons as shall be allowed by the sessions for the defence of his house or person. And any two justices may, by warrant, authorize in the day time any person, , with the condable's adidance, #to search such person's house for the same, and seize them for the use of the king. And the „ said justices shall deliver the same in open court at the next r, sessions for the use aforesaid ; where also they shall certify the ? name and place of abode of every person so subscribing, or not ^ subscribing*

tf N. B. The fererlty of these statutes hat been very much relaxed by re-:i cent idi of Parliament, in favour of Roman Catholics.

By

i

3^5

I G./.2. c.55. Oaths to be takfn, and declaration made.

3 G. c. 18. Lands registered.

I G ft.a» r. 55. Recusant'a name subscribed.

ai G. 3. 51.

By whom oaths

admini fte ted*

3 G. *. 18. Enrollment of deeds.

I TV . c.f 5. Declaration tendered by justice*.

Recusant's house may be searched.

366

Postage

*4 O.3 % .

c. 3?.

Suspe&ed Irt-lert, how dif-poicd of.

u.

What done, if notning found.

9 An* c. io. Oath regaiued.

The oath.

BY this act, from Aug. 31, 1784, whenever any foreign letter or packet shall be received at any general pod-office, if any person employed in the said office shall make oath that he suspects it to contain goods prohibited to be imported, or liable to the payment of a duty on importation, it shall be lawful for him to carry the said packet to any justice, or other magistrate for the town or division, and in the presence of such magi lira te to cut with a pen knife in and through the folds of such letter or packet, and its inclosure, one opening or flit not exceeding two inches in length; and if it shall appear to the said magistrate that such goods are contained therein, he shall, in the presence of the said officer, immediately open the said letter or packet, and dellroy such goods; and in such case, the magistrate shall inclose such letter, &c. in a cover, with an attellation signed by him, containing the name of the officer who brought it, the time of its being brought, the goods contained therein, and also attesting that the same were dellroyed by him: This letter, &c. to be forwarded to the of of his Majesty's cultoms, who shall reward the said officer with any sum not more than^l. nor less than 10s.

If no such goods as aforesaid are found therein, the magistrate shall inclose the letter or packet in a cover, attesting that the said letter, &c. was opened in his presence, and shall deliver it sealed up ,to the officer, to be transmitted without delay to the person to whom it was directed, without any additional charge of postage.

Post-Office.

NO person shall be capable of exercising any employment, relating to the polt-office, or any branch thereof, or be any way concerned in receiving, sorting, or delivering of letters, before he shall have taken the following oath, before a justice of the peace where he resides:

/A. B. do fu-ear, that 1 wil or

knowingly open, detain, or delay, or cause, procure, or

fer to be opened, detained, or delayed, any letter or packet or

packets, which shall come into my hands, power, or by

/on of my employment in or relating to the post-off.ce ; except by the consent of the person or persons to whom the same is or shall be directed, or by an express warrant in writing, under the band of one of the principal secretaries of fate for that purpose ; or except in such cases, where the party or parties to whom such Utter or Utters, packet or packets, shall be directed, or who is or are chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, and except such Utters or packets, as shall be returned for want of true directions,or when the party or parties te

whom

Post-Office.

whom the same is or shall be dir efted,cannot be found : And that I will not any way embexzle any such letter or ,packet or

packets, as aforesaid.

And if any person shall do any thing contrary to the said oath, he shall forfeit 20I. and his office.

Persons appointed from time to time to measure the post roads, shall be from to perform the same, according to the belt of their skill and judgment, before a justice of the peace, who shall make a certificate thereof in writing, to be entered in the general poll-office, without fee.

If any pod-boy shall quit the mail, or shall loiter on the road, or shall not in all possible cases convey the mail after the rate of fix miles an hour at lead, he shall, on conviction by confession or oath of one witness before one judice, be sent to the house of correction, to be there kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, norlefs than 14 days.

And if any pod-boy shall by himself, or in combination with others, unlawfully col left any letters, or convey, or cause them to be conveyed, he shall, on conviction by confession, or oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit for every letter or packet, 1 os. to the informer; and if not forthwith paid on conviction, he shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding two months, nor less than one.

Any post-mader embezzling money for letters post paid, or destroying the letters, shall be deemed guilty of felony.

If any person employed in any business of the pod-office, who shall take any letter or packet to be forwarded by the post, and receive any money therewith for the postage, shall burn or destroy any such letter or packet; or shall advance the rate of podageupon any letter or packet, and not duly account for the money by him received for such advanced postage, he shall be deemed guilty of felony.

All sums, not exceeding 5I. that shall be due from any person for letters, or which shall be received for the carriage of letters, without answering for the same to the receiver-gene-ral, shall be recovered before justices of the peace in the same manner as small tithes; and such debt shall be preferable in payment, before any debt to any private person.

Any person dealing bills, or other securities for money, out of letters, or robbing the mail, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

All pecuniary penalties, amounting to 20I. or upwards, shall be distributed, half to the king, and half with full cods to him who shall sue in the courts of Westminster.

If not sued for in three months, they shall belong to the king. If under 20I. they may be recovered before one justice residing near to the place where the offence was committed ; who shall summon the party accused, and also the witnesses; and on due proof-made either by confession or oath of one witness, may ififuehis warrant of distress and sale of the offender's

goods.

367

9 An. To.

Penalty on breaking ic. Id.

Meaforers to take an oath.

5 G. 3. r,

Post-bo)* negligence.

Id.

Unlawfully col. leding letters.

Id.

Post-matter

embezzling.

7 G. 3. c. 50. Letter carr>ei*« fraud.

9 An. . 10. Recovery of sums due.

7 G. 3. e. 50. Stealing bills, See.

ao G.3. c. 51. Application of penalties.

How, and with-in what time, recovered.

368 Post-Office.

20 G. 3. c. 51# goods, if not redeemed in six days; if sufficient d iff refs can.

not be found, the justice shall commit him to prison for three months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

Witnessrefuting And if any person shall be summoned as a witness-to give to appear* evidence before such justice, and shall neglect or to appear, he shall forfeit 40s. to be levied and paid as the other penalties herein before directed.

JJ. A summons by such justice of the proprietors of carriages.

What Ajqunom jest at tjjC jnn or place where the carriage shall put up, with good. the person wj1Q keeps the books for taking places in such car-

riages, shall be deemed good service on such proprietor, ai. though he may not have a residence or habitation at such ina or place.

G. 3. c. 51. Port-mailer'* licence*

Stage coach licence*

Duties, where payable.

Jnscription 00 post horses*

Hackney-coach horses exempted*

Application of penalties*

Evidence re-Curing to appear*

Post Horses,

EVERY post-master or other person, who shall let horses to hire, for travelling post by the mile, or from (hge to Rage, shall annually pay 5s. for a licence for that purpose, qq a penalty of iol* Every person hiring such horse, shall pay one penny halfpenny per mile; or is. 9d. per day, when the distanc&is not ascertained.

Every person keeping a diligence, or other four wheeled carriage, as a stage coach, shall pay 5s. for a licence annually, on a penalty of iol. and also one penny for every mile such carriage shall travel.

The duties to be under the care and management of the flam p-office.

Licensed innkeepers are to cause the words Post Horses, to be written in legible characters on the front of

their house, &c. on penalty of 5I.

This act does not extend to horses used in hackney coaches within ten miles of London or Westminster.

AH penalties fried for within six months shall be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other, with full coils of suit, to the informer: if after six months, the whole to his Majesty. if the penalty amount to 50I. or more, it shall be sued for in the courts of Westminster, &c.; if less than 50I. aay justice residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, may hear and determine, and may ifloe his warrant, under his hand and seal, for levying the penalties on the goods of the offender, and cause sale to be made thereof, if not returned within six days; rendering the overplus, if any, to the offender; and in default of distress, may commit the offender to prison for six months, unless such penalty be sooner paid.

Any person summoned by such justice or joffices, and refuting to appear,or refusing to give evidence, forfeits 40s. to be levied as above, and by such means as are herein before directed,

Poll Horses.

369

vected, as to other penalties. And all summonses issued by 25 c. 3. r. 51. any j «(lice of the peace against proprietors of coaches. c. left with the book-keeper, shall be deemed good service on them.

The justices may mitigate the penalties to one half, over and Penalties mi-above the costs and charges. tigated.

Prison-Breaking.

THOSE who have broken prison are not bailable by justices of the peace ; and that for two reasons: 1. Because it carries a preemption of guilt. And, 2. Because it is a fu-peradded offence to the former, (or which they Hood committed.

The party may be arraigned for prison-breaking, before he be convicted of the crime for which he was imprisoned 5 for that is not material whether he were guilty of such crime or not; for the words of the statute are, which fu taken and imprisoned.

The gaoler shall not be punished as a feloh for the party's breach of prison, unless he voluntarily consented to it; but it seems to be a negligent escape in the gaoler, for which he may be punished by fine and imprisonment, because there wanted either that due strength in the gaol, or that due vigilance in the gaoler or his officers, that should have prevented it: And if gaolers might not be punished for this as a negligent escape, they would be careless either xo fee ure their prisoners, or to retake them that escape.

If a criminal, endeavouring to break the gaol, assault his gaoler, he may be lawfully killed by him in the affray.

3 Ed. u e. 15.

Prison breakers, why not bail* able.

a Haw. 137. Con vision of crime not first need!ary.

x H.H. 6ot.

Gaoler, when punifljable.

I Haw.71.

Criminal may be killed.

Process.

BY the commission of the peace, the justices in sessions have power to make and continue processes upon indictments, against the persons indicted, until they can be taken, surrender themselves, or be outlawed.

Indictments and presentments, taken in the (herifPs tourn, shall be delivered to the next sessions; who may award process thereupon, in like form as if they had been taken before themselves.

The law, in several cases, in express words directs process to be made by justices out of sessions; and in other cases by necessary implication ; as where a statute doth give power to justices out of sessions to esquire, hear, and determine, there they may make process to cause the party to come and answer, otherwise they cannot proceed to hear and determine; and this

B b b may

Justices m«y make ami continue process.

1 Ed.4. a.

Sessions may award process.

Dalt. e. 193. Justices' power to make process*

37°

Process

2 Hitiv. 284. The p.oieCi, by whom cic-cuied,

ft H. H. 202. and in what way.

2 Haio. 103, One justice may bail.

2 U. H. 52. Record of out* lawrya

12 Cl>. lOJ.

Capias awarded.

3 Salk* 262. Goods forfeited by outlawry.

4 Ir.Jl. *66.

Hales P 158.

2 H. H. 35.

*7 G. 3. e. 36.

mi< e pei-petual.

may be either before or after preferment or indictment, as the levcra! statutes do require: Before presentment or indi&meot, it is called a warrant; after presentment or indictment, it is pronerlv called process.

Wherever the king is a party to the Suit (as he certainly u to all informations and indictments), the process ought to be executed by the sheriff himself, and not by the bailiff of any franc hife.

If tht party be in an honfe, if the doors be (hot, and the sheriff (having given notice of his process) demand admit, tance, and the door? be not opened, he may break open the doors, and enter to take the offender.

It seemeth that any one justice may bail persons indiftedat the sessions, for any offence under the degree of felony; for that the iHtutes relating specially to the power of justices in granting bail, do not in this case seem to takeaway the power, which one justice had before the‘making of the said statutes.

It is laid, that the justices in sessions cannot issuea atlagatum, but must return the record of the outlawry into the king's bench, and there process of tafias shall

issue.

If one be outlawed before the justices of the peace on an in- , didment of felony, they may award a capias ; for

they that have power to award process of outlawry, hare also power to award a capias utlagatum,as incident to their authority and jurisdiction.

By the outlawry, all personal chattels are vested in the ki«g 'N by forfeitures; but real chattels, or freehold estates, are not f vested in the king, till after inquisition found. I

If a man be indicted before justices of the peace, and there* . upon outlawed, and is taken and committed to prison, thejof* tices of gaol-delivery may award execution of this prisoner; for they are con Hi tu ted to deliver the gaol.

Promissory Notes, &c. See.

WHEREAS the acts 15 G. 3, c. 51, and 17 G, j, e,30, rest raining the negotiation of promissory notes, See. under a limited sum, which have been foond to be oiefkl and beneficial, are near expiring, and it is expedient that tk ) said acts should be made perpetual ; by this act, the said it* cited acts are made perpetual.

Prophecies.

Prophecies

37i

TF any person shall advisedly and directly advance, publish,

A a°d ^et forth by writing, printing, or otherwise, any false 5 prophecy, thereby to make any disturbance in the realm; and shall be convicted thereof before a judge of assize, or justice of ic the peace, within six months after the offence committed, he > shall, for the first offence, be imprisoned for?, year, and forfeit :i 10I. ; and for the second offence, shall be imprisoned for life, and forfeit his goods; half the forfeitures to the king, and ti half to him who shall sue for them in any court of record.

5

i Publication of indecent Books, &c.

rs

1 t 'HIS, which is anuifance of the highest order, is punish-t X able as such by information or indictment, with fine, imprisonment, and pillory.

i*

a

Public Worship.

TF any person shall speak irreverently of the Sacrament of the ^ X Lord's Supper, he shall suffer imprisonment, and make fine i*' and ransom at the king's will. And three justices (1 may ^ke information by the oaths of two witnesses; and afterwards, at the sessions, may esquire thereof by the oaths of 12 $ men upon indictment.

i All commanders, captains, and officers at sea, shall cause the f public worship of Almighty God, according to the liturgy of 3* the church of England, to be performed in their respective

{i> ships; and prayers»and preachings by the chaplains shall be

performed diligently.

If any person shall disturb a preacher in his sermon by word or deed, he shall be apprehended and carried before a justice j of the peace, who shall commit him to safe custody, and with-y in six days, he and another justice shall examine the fa&, and if they find him guilty by two witnesses, or confession, they % shall commit him to gaol for three months, and further to the $ next sessions ; and if at the sessions he repents and is reconciled, ^ he shall be discharged, on finding sureties for his good beha-

^ viour for a year; if not, he shall be continued in gaol till he

£ does; saving the ecclesiastical jurisdiction ; and he shall not be punished both ways.

if any person shall willingly and of purpose, come into any church, chapel, or other congregation permitted by the act of toleration, and difquict and disturb the same, or misuse any

B b' b t preacher

5 El. r. 15.

False prophets, how punished*

Strange's Re* fortty 78*.

How punishable.

1 Ed 6c. t*

Irreverent spea Icing of sacred things.

xx G. x. e. 33.

Prayers on board ibips.

Diflorbing a preacher.

i W. e. 18.

Disturbing

congregation.

372 Public Worship.

preacher or teacher, he shall, on proof thereof before one justice, by two witnesses, find two sureties to beboand by recog. nizance in 50I. ; and in default thereof, shall be committed till the next sessions; and on conviction thereof the said offence, he shall forfeit to the king 20I.

97 G. 3. c. 40; Indemnity to persons qualifying.

Unqualified justices not exempt.

Appointments may be fiamped.

Kot to re flora persons removed.

Neglect of affidavits, remedied.

General issue.

Qualification, &c.

PERSONS who have omitted to qualify themselves agree.

ably to act 1 C. 1. 13 C. 2, 25 and 30 C. 2, 8 19.

G. 2,18. G. 2, and 6 G. 3. before the passing of this act; and who shall, on or before December 25, 1787, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against forfeitures. But this 2d shall not indemnify any person against whom final judgment shall have been given, for any penalty incurred by hating ne-gletted to qualify himself within the rime limited bylaw.

Nor shall any thing contained in this act extend to exempt any justice of the peace from the penalties to which he is fob-jest for acting as such, without being possessed of the qualification required by the laws uow in force. t

Persons producing appointments and admissions before Dec. 25, 1787, to thq of of the stamp-duties, may kite them duly stamped, on payment of the duties first payable on such appointments, without any fine or forfeiture thereon; and such persons so providing appointments, duly stamped, shall and may hold and execute such offices, or any other, o# withstanding their omission; and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

This act shall not extend to restore any perfoa to any office or employment, already avoided by judgment of auyofhu majesty's courts of record, or already legally filled npandea-joyed by any other person.

Every person who, at the passing of this act, shall hare ne-gleded or omitted to cause affidavits of contrails to fare as clerks to attornies, &c. to be made and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas term 1787, (htll cause ose or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, is hereby indemnified and discharged from and against all penalties and forfeitures, incapacities and disabilities whatsoever.

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may piead the general issue; and, upon their defence, gm this all and the special matter in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

Qjjanotice

Quarantine and other Ship-Laws

373

i

a: XT' ROM July 5, 1788, in addition to the particular® autho- t % 3. . 34,

In JP riled by the act, 26 G, 2, c. 6, the principal officer of the Commanders iji customs, &c. is required to demand of the commander of any wot*11® report, ship further particulars, to which commanders giving untrue answers, shall forfeit 200I. *

Mailers maliciously detaining certificates of regillry, granted Masters* d?-in pursuance of an act of 7 and 8 of IV, 3. (intituled, An ail taming ceitifi-

. preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade), of re^iftry.

and also of an act passed in the 25th year of his present ma- jesty's reign (intituled, An act for the further and

couragement of flipping and navigation), shall forfeit tool, on pine<j

r{J conviction before any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such detainer and refusal shall be, and, on failure t of payment thereof, within the space of two days after such (j conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there 0r imptifoned.

to remain, without bail or mainprize, for such time as the said ^ justice shall, in his discretion, deem proper, not being less than six months, nor more than 12 months. Such justice may

0 ifijie his warrant to search for such certificate, &c. and if not Warrant to found, to certify the same to the person who granted the last d^ch ter err-

£ certificate, that a fresh one may be given, notifying on the back of such certificate the ground upon which such ship or ^ ireffel was so registered de novo,

. Rape.

"IJ APE is when a man hath carnal knowledge of a woman, .. 1?0 \t Jtv. by force, and against her will. \ 10S.

If any person shall unlawfully and carnally know, andabufe Rape defined. f1 any woman child, under the age of ten years, whether with 18 & her consent or against it, he shall be guilty of felony without L,m,lcd benefit of clergy.

The offence of rape is no way mitigated, by shewing that t Haw. iq8.

^ the woman at lad yielded to the violence, if such her consent Content through

1 was forced by fear of death, or of duress. dar*

.* It is not a sufficient excuse in the ravilher, to prove that the /</.

£ woman is a common drumpet; for (he is (HI! under the pro- Strumpet no f testion of the law, and may not be forced : Nor is it any ex-f cufe, that (he consented after the fast.

The party ravished may give evidence on oath, and is in , ^ 5^

law a competent witness; but the credibility of her testimony, ] rjured party and how far (he is to be believed, mud be left to the jury, and give evi-i is more or lef6 credible, according to the circumstances of fasts dence* that concur in that testimony.

For inllance, if the witness be of good same; if (he present- jf ly discovered the offence, and made pursuit after the offender ; Citeumflance* i(hewed circnmdances and signs of the injury, whereof many of confirmation.

are


374

ft H. H. 633-Others in favour of the party accused.

I H. H.635.

636.

Caution to the jury.

Dfl/f. t. 1S6. Pescribed to be a bond of record

On what occa-fi jas taken.

Rape.

are of that nature, that only women are the most proper examiners and inspedors; if the place, wherein the fad was done, was remote from people, inhabitants, or passengers; if the offender fled for it; these, and the like, are concurring evidences to give greater probability to her testimony, when proved by others as well as herself.

But, on the other side, if (he concealed the injury for any considerable time, after (he had opportunity to complain; if the place, where the fad was supposed to be committed, were near to inhabitants or common passage of passengers, and (be made no outcry when (he was supposed to be done, when and where it is probable (he might be heard by others; or if a man prove himself to be in another place, or in other company, at the time (he charges him with the fad ; or if (he is wrong in the description of the place, or swears the fad to be done in a place where it was impossible the man could have accefstoher at that time, as if the room was locked up, and the key in the custody of another perfoo ; these, and the like circomfUoces, , carry strong preemption that her testimony is falseor feigned.

Upon the whole, rape, it is true, is a most detestable crime, and therefore ought (everely and impartially to be punished with death ; but it must be remembered, that it is an accusation easily to be made, and hard to be proved, and harder to be defended by the party accused, though never so innocent: Therefore, a wife jury will be cautious upon trials of offences of this nature, that they be not so much transported with in-dignation at the heinousness of the offence, as to be over haft-ily carried to the conviction of the person accused thereof, by 1 the confident testimony, sometimes of malicious and false wit- I nesses. V

Recognizance.

RECOGNIZANCE is a bond of record, testifying the recognizor to owe a certain sum of money to some other; and the acknowledgment of the same is to remain upon record; and none can take it but only a judge or officer of record, &c.

Recognizances are taken from the reputed fathers of baf-tard children. See appendix. No. iz.

To indict for felony. No. 23.

To give evidence for felony, No. 24.

For good behaviour, No. 30.

To indict for misdemeanour. No. 48.

To answer for misdemeanour, No. 49.

To give evidence for misdemeanour, No. 50 To keep the peace. No. 52.

BefiJcs these, there are general recognizances.

Without sureties, No. 65.

With sureties. No. 66.

Ani

Recognizance.

'L And these recognizances, in some cases, the justices of the . peace are enabled to take by the express words of certain fta- tutes ; but in other cases (as for the peace, and good beha-rr viour, and the like), it is rather in congruity, and by reason- able intendment of law, than by any express authority given them, either by their commission, or by the statute law.

But wheresoever any statute giveth them power to take a ;,j: bond of any man, or to bind over any man to appear at the aftizes or sessions, or to take sureties for any matter or cause,

they may take a recognizance. Yea, wheresoever they have *2 authority giveri them to cause a man do a thing, there it seem-

cth they have in congruity power given them to bind the party by recognizance to do it; and if the party shall refuse to be bound, the justice may fend him to gaol.

w Every obligation and recognizance, taken by justices of the -i* peace, must be made to our lord the king; on pain of im-x prisonment of any person that shall take it otherwise.

When the parties are to enter into recognizance, call them ijt by their names thus: — You A. B. acknowledge to owe to our it 9 sovereign lord the king, the sum of . , and you C. D.

y; acknowledge to owe to our sovereign lord the king, the sum I*; of ; to be levied of your respective goods and chattels, fj 9 lands and tenements, for the use of our said lord the king, !<.« 9 his heirs and successors, if default shall be made in the con-edition following: — That is to say, if you the said A. B. shall if 9 make default in appearing, &c.' But the parties need not ,t: sign it. And it is usual for the justices to mark at the foot of the examination, A. B. in 40I. to appear, &c. And from such short note make out a record afterwards.

Lord Coke fays, that a record is a memorial or remembrance in rolls of parchment, &c. from whence it seemeth that a recognizance ought to be ingrossed on parchment; but since there is no law which prohibits it to be engrossed on paper, it seemeth that if it shall be on paper only, and not on parchment, it is good in law.

:fl And when it is made up, if the justice shall only subscribe ‘rj his name, without his seal to it, this is well enough ; and that ^ may be in either of these forts, acknowledged before me, J.

P. or only to subscribe his name thus, J. P.

'j The justices shall certify their recognizances for keeping the

peace, to the next sections, that the party may be called ; and if he make default, the default shall be recorded, and the re-cognizance, with the record of the default, shall be sent and certified into the chancery, king's bench, or exchequer.

K But in cases of felony, the recognizances are to be certified to the general gaol delivery.

^ Restitution

375

Crom. 125. Justicei, how enabled to take them.

Dalt- c. 16S, In what casu required.

Id.

To whom mad*.

Bari. Beccjr. Form of retog. niaaote.

I Inst.a 60.

Parchment proper, but not necessary.

Dalt. e. 176* Ju slice's fuh-leription.

3 if,. 7. . 1.

Certified to the eflions,

and to the gaol

delivery.

I & % P.& M.

*. 13.

376'

H.8. e, it.

Goods teftoied to person robbed*

1 Haw. 1$^.

Dah. c. 136. Whtt consti* tutes an unlawful air.mbly*

^Vhat a rout. What a liot.

34 Ed. 3. c. a.

Who may rest rain liotera*

1 G-fi.». e. 5.

If rioters are more than la*

R iota A*

Restitution of stolen Goods.

IF any felon do rob, or take away any man's money or goods, and thereof be indicted and arraigned, and foond guilty, or otherwise attainted, by rcalon of evidence given by the party robbed, or the owner of the money or goods, or by any other by their procurement; then the party robbed, or owner of the goods, shall be restored to such his money or goods : And as well the justices of gaol-deliyery, as other justices before whoa whom the felon shall be found guilty, or otherwise attainted* may award a writ of relUtuiion, in like manner as if the felon were attainted on appeal.

Riot, rout, and unlawful assembly.

WHEN three persons or more shall assemble themselves together, with an intent mutually toaflift one another, against any who shall oppose them, in the execution of some enterprize of a private nature, with force or violence, against the peace, or to the manifest terror of the people, whether the ad intended were of itself lawful or unlawful ; if they' only meet to such a purpose or intent, although they shall after depart of their own accord, without doing any thing, this is an unlawful assembly : If, after the first meeting, they shall more forward towards the execution of any such ad, whether they put their intended purposes in execution or not; this, according to the general opinion, is a And if they execute

such a thing io deed, then it is a riot.

The justices of the peace (or, as it hath been resolved, one justice) shall have power to restrain rioters, and to arrest and chastise them according to their offence; and cause them to be imprisoned and duly punished, according to the law and custom of the realm, and according to that which to them shall seem best to do, by their discretion and good advisement.

Bat if the rioters are above the number of twelve, the offence is greatly enhanced, and the power of one justice very much enlarged, by the ad commonly called the riot ad, which is required to be read at every quarter-fe (Sons and leet. Every justice, sheriff, under-sheriff, and mayor, shall, on notice or knowledge of any unlawfol, riotous, and tumultuous assembly of persons to the number of twelve or more, together with such help as he shall command, resort to the place; and with a loud voice command, or cause to be commanded, silence to be, while proclamation is making; and, after that, shall openly and with a loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

Out jwerejgnlord the king chargeth and all

being assembled, immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably

to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful business, upon tkt

point

f

377

t

it

ij'j

;5

I.*

I*

;i

:ri

?'

4

;)

'i

t'

1

jJ

f

i*

\i

9

j

i*

i

Riot, rout, and unlawful assembly.

pains contained in the a3 made in thefir ft year of king George, for preventing tumults and riotous assemhlies: Godjave the king.

And it any twelve or more of them shall continue together i «. c. 5. by the space of one hour after such proclamation made, they Felony to re*

shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. ®*10,

If any rioters (although under the number of twelve, and 1 G. a. 5. whether any proclamation be made or not) shall unlawfully Pulling down and with force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or ?hu*schet or pulldown, any church or chapel, or any building for reli- 0tte*' c* gious worship, certified and registered according to the act of toleration, or any dwelling-house, barn, liable, or other out-house, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy:

And the hundred, city, or town, shall answer the damages thereof, as in cases of robbery.

If any riot, assembly, or rout of people^ against the law, be 13 4. c. 7.

made, the justices, three, or two of them at the lead, and the Power of the sheriff, or under sheriff, shall come with the power of the CPttnty 10 county, if need be. them*

And the king's lifcge people being sufficient to travel, shall t # ^ c % g, be ailistant to them, upon reasonable warning, to ride with People to assist them in aid to refill such riots, routs, and assemblies, on pain on pain of fine, of imprisonment, and to make fine and ransom to the king. &c*

And the same justices and sheriff, or under sheriff, shall have 13 H,4. c, 7. power to record that which they shall find so done in their pre- Jufhces* record, fence against the law: By which record the offenders shall be convicted in the same manner and form as is contained in the (latittes of forcible entries.

And if the offenders be departed before the coming of the jg % said justices, and sheriff or under sheriff, the same justices. Enquiry within three or two of them, shall diligently esquire within a month » month, after such riot, assembly, or rout of people so made, and thereof shall hear and determine according to the law of the land.

And the said justices and other officers shall execute their of- a jj ^ f g# fices aforesaid at the king's cods, in going and continuing in sheriff to pay doing their said offices, by payment thereof to be made by the cods, 10 be al-sheriff, by indentures betwixt the said sheriff and justices, and tn

other officers aforesaid, whereof the sheriff, upon his account Exc"e^er# in the exchequer, may have due allowance.

The jnflices dwelling nighest in the county, where such riot, assembly, or rotft shall be, together with the sheriff or under Penalty on juf-sheriff, shall do execution of the said statute of the 13 4. tices not inforc-

every one, upon pain of tool, to the king. ing t c a

If default be found in the two justices, sheriff, or under sheriff, then at the instance of the party grieved, a commission Enquiry into shall be issued under the great seal, to enquire as well of the the conduct of truth of the case for the complainant, as of such default. justices.

Rioters shall be taken by writ and proclamation out of chan- a c. 9. eery, on suggestion of two justices and the sheriff, on the com- 8 if. 6. c. 14; mon same of such riot. Rioteu, how

C c c Rivers uk«-

37^

Rivers and Navigation

a7 G. a. r. 15. River works destroyed.

Penalty.

Id.

Injuring the navigation.

19C. a. c. at. Throwing out bailaft into a haven, channel, &c.

T9 b. 2. c. iz.

Vessel funk or stran^ed.

J offices' duty.

Security to be given.

IF any person shall, either by day or night, wilfully or maliciously pull down, cut down, pluck up, throw down, level, or otherwise dtllroy, any lock, iluice, floodgate, or other works, on any navigable river, erected or to be erc&ed by authority of parliament, or refeue any person in custody for such offence, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy s and the offender may be tried in an adjacent county. Persons discovering and convicting an accomplice, shall have a pardon ; and the hundred shall answer damages, not exceeding 20I. to be recovered as in cases of robbery.

if any person shall wilfully and maliciously draw or pluck up any floodgate fixed or made in any wear or lock, erected or to be erected by authority of parliament, in or upon any navigable river, for preferring the navigation thereof, he shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness, before two justices of the county or place, or of the adjacent county or place, be sent to the house of correction to hard labour for one month.

If any person acting as matter of a ship, shall call out, or there shall be caff out, of any vessel being within auy haven, road, channel, or navigable river, any ballast, or rubbish, bat only on the land where the tide never comes; any one justice near the place may summon the master or owner, or other person acting as such, against whom the information shall be made, or issue his warrant to bring him before him; and upon due proof made, either by confession of the party offending, or on view of such j office, or oath of one witness, that any ballast or rubbish hath been caff out, the masser, or person acting as such, shall be adjudged the offender, and shall forfeit not above 5I. nor under 50s. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place where such conviction shall be pronounced: To be levied by distress, and the offender to be committed to the gaol or house of correction where the conviction shall be, for two months, or till payment of the penalties, or so much thereof for which the commitment shall be.

And as soon as any vessel shall be funk, stranded, or run a(hore, in any harbour, channel, or navigable river, or be brought in, or be there in a (battered condition, and the owner or masser shall begin to take down, or carry away any of the rigging, or tackle, or if there shall not be any person to take care of such vessel, any one justice of the county or place, near which such fact shall happen, shall, on information thereof, summon the owner, or other person having or pretending to have command thereof, or issue his warrant to bring him before him; and on conviction shall issue his warrant for seizing and removing such vessel, and also the rigging and tackle thereof, in such manner as he shall order and direct: And if such periba shall not, within five days, give fec'ttrity to the justice, to clear the harbour of such vessel, and of ail wreck and parts thereof, and pay the charges of seizing, removing, and disposing of the vessel and furniture, then the justice shall cause the hulk and

tackle

Rivers and Navigation.

tackle to be sold, and with the money pay the charges of clearing the place where the vessel shall lie, and of seizing, removing, and felling the same, rendering the overplus to the owner of the manor where the same shall happen.

All persons who shall feloniously (leal any goods of the va-lue^ of 40s. in any ship, boat, or vessel, on any navigable river, or in any port of entry or discharge, or from any wharf or quay, or shall be present and aiding therein, shall be excluded from the benefit of clergy.

Robbery.

ROBBERY is a felony by the common law, committed by ?

violent assault upon theperfonof another, by putting him in fear, and taking from his person his money, or other goods, of any value whatsoever.

If any person be indicted, or appealed, for killing any person attempting to rob, he shall be acquitted.

If any person, who shall travel upon the Lord's Day, shall be then robbed, the hundred shall not be liable: Nevertheless, they shall make hue and cry, on pain of forfeiting to the king as much as might have been recovered against the hundred, if the robbery had not been on the Lord's Day; except only or from church.

If there be so much day-light as that one may fee a man's face, so that, the robber may be known, though it be before the sun-rising, or after the sun-setting, the hundred shall an -fwer for it.

No person shall recover against the hundred, more than the value of 200]. unless the persons robbed shall at the time of the robbery be together in company, And be in number two at the lea(t, to attest the truth of his or their being so robbed.

In order to make the hundred liable, the person robbed shall, with as much convenient speed as maybe, give notice thereof, unto some of the inhabitants near the place.

He shall also give notice, with as much convenient speed as may be, to a constable of the hundred, that is, the high constable, or to a constable of (ome place near; or leave notice in writing at his house, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery.

The party robbed shall also, within 20 days, cause notice to be given in the gazette, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery, and the goods and effects whereof he was robbed.

He shall also be examined on oath within twenty days next before the action brought, before a justice in or near the hundred, whether he knows any of the robbers ; and if he confesses that he does, he shall, before action brought, be bound over by the

379

19 G. 2. r. 22.

Hulk and tickle fold,

24 G. 2. c* 45. Stealing goods in a ship.

3 foji6S.

Robbery de-'lined.

24 H. 8. c. 5. Robber filled.

29 C. % ,c7 Lord's Day traveller, if robbed, not reimbursed*

Comynt) 345.

Daft. C.84. When the hundred is answerable.

% % G. ft. c. 24. Who may recover.

*7 El. e. 13. What ths robbed is to do.

8 G. 2. t 16.

Notice to the constable.

Id.

Notice in the Gazette*

% 7 El. r. 13. Examined and bound over.

C c C 2

3&o

Robberyt

*7 El e. 131 Plaintiff recovering.

S G. a. 16. High constable'* duty.

the said justice effectually to prosecute the person or perficmi so known to have committed the said robbery.

If the plaintiff recover, the sheriff shall shew the writ of execution to two justices (1 £>.) in or near the hundred.

The high constable also shall cause his attorney's bill to be taxed by the proper officer, and shall give in to the said jof-tices an account thereof, and of his other expences in defending the action, and make due proof of the same upon oath, to the satisfaction of the said justices.

The said two justices shall thereupon cause a taxation to be made, and levied in 30 days, upon every division within the hundred, by the constables, by didrefs and sale.

And the condables shall, in ten days, pay the same to the sheriff, and the sheriff shall pay the same, without fee, to the ftefift'. plaintiff for his cods and damage, and to the high constable for

his expences.

The high condable shall in like manner, if he recovers against the plaintiff, be reimbursed his expences which shall be over and above the cods to be taxed, and also such costs taxed as he shall not be able to recover, by reason of the in-folvency of the plaintiff and of his sureties ; which shall be paid in ten days to the said two justices, or one of them, who ill all, upon requed, deliver over the same to the high condable.

Any person or persons apprehending a felon, whereby the hundred becomes indemnified, shall have 10I. reward paid by the hundred ; the same to be ascertained, levied, and paid by two justices (1 Q.) in or near the hundred, in such proportions as they shall thjnk reasonable, within the hundred.

And moreover, every person who shall apprehend a highwayman, and prosecute him till he be convicted, shall have from the sheriff of the county where the robbery and conviction was made and done, without paying any fee for the same, the sum of 40I. within one month, the judge certifying the conviction of such a felon, and also that such felon was taken by the person claiming the reward.

If any disputes shall arise, the judge shall direct it to be paid unto and amongd the persons claiming, in such proportions as to him shall feera jud and reasonable. And if the sheriff shall make default of payment, he shall forfeit double, with treble costs.

Such person shall have moreover the horse, furniture, and arms, money, or other goods of the robber, that shall be taken with him, notwithstanding the right of the king or lord of the manor, or of the person lending or letting the same to hire : But saving the right of them from whom they may have been feloniously taken.

And if a person is killed in endeavouring to apprehend such erson killed 2 highwayman, sheriff shall pay the like sum of 40I. to the apprehending, a executors or administrators of the person killed, upon certificate

Ti,

Tat on the hundred.

H.

Money paid the

U.

High confteble

rrimbursed.

See

*7 £/i*. *3.

U,

Reward for apprehending

a. w. c. s.

Prosecuting to conviction*

u.

Divided, in case of dispute.

U.

Captor to have horse, arms, &c

hut returned, i ftoien.

4 IV, e 8. Executors of

38i

Robbery,

r; cate delivered to him under the hand and Teal of the judge of assize for the county where the fast was done, or the two next justices, of such person being for killed.

<3 If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any rob- b cry, and afterwards discover two or more persons, who shall Accomplice commit any robbery, so as two or more be coavifted; he shall diico»ering,

^ have the king's pardon for all robberies he shall have committed before such discovery; which pardon shall likewise be a bar against any appeal for such robbery.

i; Robbery in the navy shall be punished with death, or other- <7. a. c.

wife, as a court martial, on consideration of the circumstances, Ro?*»erjr io the J shall find meet. nav>*

-- Roman Catholics.

BY this act, Roman Catholics are required to make a de- 3 ^ claration of their profession, and to take the oath ap- J 3

pointed in the courts at Wedminder, or at the quarter-fef-' (ions, to be subscribed, and remain in the court as matter of record. 1

A fee of 2s. is due to the officer of the court for making and delivering certificates of the declaration and oath : Lids of the persons that have taken the oath, shall annually be transmitted to the clerk of the privy council.

Any person dillurbing congregations, or mifufing priests, on proof by two witnesses, before one judice, shall be bound with two sureties in $ol. to keep the peace; and, in default,

shall be committed till the next quarter-sessions, where, if he v is convicted, he shall pay the sum of 2d.

^ Roman Catholic prieds officiating in church with a deeple Id* and bell, or at a funeral, or wearing the habit of their order, except in a place permitted by this act, or not having taken the oath, shall not be exempted from penalties by this act.

No Roman Catholic shall be exempted by this act from Id. tythes, or church payments.

V No catholic shall keep school in either of the universities. Id.

S' nor educate in his school any child of a protedant father, nor ; keep a school, till his name and place of abode shall be re-;; corded at the q u ar ter-fe (lions.

Catholics at large are exempt from regidering their names . v and realedates, as heretofore.

> Catholics taking the oaths, mav aft as counsellors, attornies.

: solicitors, clerks, or notaries. Scotland is not included in 2 this act.

f Seamen.

v

(f

382

17 G* 9, f. 5. Seaman on the road, fee 39 <? 3. *. 45.

31 G.n. f. 10.

Forgery of sea-nuo'i will end power*

9 0. ». t. 36. W^et agreed £m.

ia.

Matter d«-fertiflg*

% G.36.

Seaman*

penalty for absence.

Id- .. Wage* payable in 30 day*

Hav). 8x, 84. Blank warrant illegal*

Seamen.

A SEAMAN, having a testimonial under the hand and feat of a justice of the peace, setting forth the time and place of landing, and the place to which he is to pass, and limiting the time of his passage, shall not be deemed a vagrant, whilehe continues in the direct way, and within the time limited.

Any one who shall personate a seaman in his majesty's service, or his heir, executor, or administrationor; or shall utter or publish as true, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, alignment, lad will, or any other power or authority, in order to receive any wages, pay, pr other allowance of money or prize-money, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

No mader of a merchant ship shall proceed on a voyage, without agreeing in writing with each mariner (apprentices excepted), to be signed by such mariner, for wages; on pain-of 51. for each mariner, on conviction before one justice by the t>ath of one witness, to be levied by distress; for want of distress, to be committed till paid.

And if the mariner deserts after he hath signed the agreement, he shall forfeit the wages due to him at the time of deferring; and, on application to a justice within the jurisdiction where the offence was committed, from the matter, owner, or commander of the ship, such justice may cause him to be apprehended ; and if he shall refuse to proceed on the voyage, without sufficient reason to the satisfaction of the justice, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding 30 days, nor less than 14 days.

And if any seaman absent himself from his ship without leave, he shall forfeit, for every day's absence, two day's pay to Greenwich hospital, to be deduced by the matter out of his wages: And if any seaman, not entering into the king's service, shall leave his ship before he hath a discharge in writing, he shall forfeit one month's pay, in like manner.

The matter shall pay the seaman'-s wages, if demanded, ia 30 days after the ship is entered in the cullom-house, or at the time of discharge, which shall firtt happen.

Note, This act, by 2. G. 3. c, 31, is made perpetual*

Search-Warrant.

A JUSTICE cannot legally grant a blank warrant for the arrest of a single person, leaving it to the party to fill up, much less can he grant such a general warrant, as might have theeffect of a hundred blank warrants.

Search-Warrant.

A judice cannot, upon a bare farmife, make a warrant to break any man's house, to search for a felon, or for stolen goods; for the justices being created by act of parliament, have no such authority granted to them by any act of parliament.

But in case of a complaint, and oath made, of goods stolen, and that the party suspects that goods are in such a house, and fhevvs the cause of his suspicion, the judice may grant a warrant (in the day time) to learch in those suspected places mentioned in his warrant, and to attach the goods, and the party in whose cutlody they are found, and bring them before him, or some other judice, to give an account how he came by them, and farther to abide such order as to law shall appertain.

But in case of pofttive proof, it is right to execute the warrant in the night-time, led the offenders and goods also be gone before morning.

Such warrant ought to be directed to thecondable, or other public officer, and not to any private person, though it is fit the party complaining IhOuld be present and affidant, because he knows his goods.

Whether the dolen goods are in a suspected house or not, the officer and his affidants in the day-time may enter, the doors being open, to make search, and isjudifiable by the wairant.

As touching the goods brought before him, if it appear to the judice that they were not dolen, they are to be restored to the possessor; if it appear they were dolen, they are not to be delivered to the proprietor, but deposited in the hand of the Iheriffor condable, to the end the party robbed may proceed, by indifting and convicting the offender, to have reditution.

As touching the party that had the custody of the goods, if they were not dolen, then he is to be discharged $ if dolen, but not by him, but by another that fold or delivered them to him, if ft appear that he was ignorant that they were dolen, he may be discharged as an offender, and bound over to give evidence as a witness against him that fold them ; if it appear he knew they were dolen, he mud be committed or bound over to answer the felony.

Servants.

TWO ju dices (or the chief officer of a town corporate, and two aldermen, or two discreet burgesses, if there be no aldermen) may appoint any woman of the age of 12 years, and under 40, and unmarried, and out of service, to serve, or be retained to serve by the year, or by the week, or day, for such wages, and in such reasonable sort and manner as they shall think meet.

383

4 Ir-fl. 177. Limitation of j unices' power*

zH. H.XT3,

150.

Search warrant, how granted.

Bari. Search War. executed bj night*

H. H. 150. Directed to con-ft able.

2tf.tf.15r. Officer! power*

Id.

Goods restored.

2 tf. tf.i5t. Receiver, how dealt with.

S F.l c.4. Who compel, table to serve.

Servants

384

a In ft. 4».

Unc year, if tim- is not etpreJTcd.

Dait. c. 58. If a servant fall lick.

5 FI. c. 4. Time or doing this.

7 y-c. 4.

Jaitice'k power ia cities, dec.

3 El. c. 4. Justice'* absence punishable.

« J. r. 6.

Cl >tbier, Sec* rcufing to comply.

13 Gf 14 C. a. (. ia.

Harvtft labourer's certificate.

If a person retain a servant generally, without expressing any time, the law shall conftroe it to be for one year, for that retainer is according to law.

If a servant retained fora year, happen within the time of his service to fall sick, or to be hurt or disabled by the ad of God, or in doing his mailer's business; yet the mailer mull not therefore put such servant away, nor abate any part of his wages for such time.

Rating of Wages.

THE jtiflices of every shire, the mayor and other head-officer within any city or town corporate, shall yearly in Easter sessions, or within six weeks next after, assemble, and call unto them such discreet and grave persons as they shall think meet, and shall have authority to rate and appoint the wages of servants, labourers, artificers, workmen, &c. as they shall think meet, and what wages every workman or labourer shall take by the great, for mowing, reaping, or threshing of corn and grain, or for mowing or making of hay, or for ditching, paving, railing, &c. by the rod, perch, or foot, and for any other kind of reasonable labour or service.

The j udices in any division, where the sessions are kept, shall have power to rate the wages within such division, as if the same were done in the general sessions for the county. No clothier, being a justice of the peace in any precinct or liberty, shall be a rater of wages for the making of cloth.

If any justice resident within the county, or mayor, shall be absent at the rating of wages, and not hindered by sickness or other lawful cause, to be allowed by the justices then assembled for rating of wages, upon the oath and affidavit of some credible person, he shall forfeit to the king 10I. to be recovered in the sessions qr other court of record, by indictment or otherwise.

if any clothier, or other, shall refuse to pay so much wages to their weavers, spinsters, workmen, or workwomen, as shall be rated, and be convicted thereof by confession, or oath of two witnesses, at the assizes or sessions, or before any two justices (1 he shall forfeit 10s. to the party grieved, to be levied by diilrefs and sale.

Working in harvest.

A PERSON may go abroad to work in harvest, carrying with him a certificate from the roinifter and one churchwarden or overseer, that he hath a dwelling-house or place in which he inhabits, and hath left wife and children, or some of them

there

'by

W ^

Servants.

(or otherwise at his condition shall require), and declaring him ? an inhabitant there.

1' By the vagrant aft, persons carrying with them such certificate, shall not be liable to be apprehended as vagrants.

r: Servant fleeing into another shire. *

IF a justice shall issue a warrant against any person, who shall escape into another shire, the constable or other person, on having the warrant* indorsed by a justice in such other shire, may arrest him there, and carry him before a justice in such other shire, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall 2 carry him back before a justice in the shire from whence the

warrant did first issue.

i*

t;

Servant assaulting his matter.

IF any servant, workman, or labourer, shall wilfully make

an assault or affray upon his matter or mistress, or upon any *' other having charge or oversight, and shall thereof be con-

vifted before any two justicei, or other head*officer aforesaid, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, he shall be imprisoned for a year, or less, by the discretion of two justices out of a ^ town corporate, and in a town corporate of the mayor or other ^ head officer, with two others of the difereeteft persons of the same corporation: And if the offence shall require further pu- nishment, then he shall receive such other open punishment as '' the justices in sessions, or the mayor or other head officer, and

fix, or four at lead, of the difereeteft persons of the corporation, shall think convenient for the quality of the offence.

^ If any servant, to whom any goods shall by his master or 5 mistress be delivered to be kept, shall go away therewith^ with P! an intent to (leal the same; or, being in his master or mif-tress's service, without his or her assent, shall embezzle or i( otherwise convert the same to his own use, with like purpose if to (leal it, if the same be of the value of 40s. or above, he shall be guilty of felony ; but this not to extend to any apprentice, it or any person within the age of 18 years; within 15,^?* 12 An.

Disputes between silk-masters and their workmen.

EVERY (ilk winder and doubler, who shall purloin, embezzle, pawn, fell, or detain any part of (ilk delivered to thfcm to wind or double, as well as the buyer and receiver thereof,

Sts Appendix, No. 101.

JD d d being

385

17 G, s. c. Exemption from charge of vagrancy.

14 G. 1. < 55.

Constable may . arrest him.

j EL e. 4. Penalty for so doing.

ti H. ft. . 7.

Servant stealing or embccaling goods.

It Am, ft, i.

€, 7.

13 Of 14 C. ».

c. ie.

to C. t. c. 6. Workmen felling, and buyer receiving.

386

Servants

i? C. 3. f. 68.

W*g«» of

weavers settled.

Id.

Msfter not to give more or lets.

Id.

Journeyman not to take m^rc or lets.

11.

Justice's duty.

Person summoned, and re* fusing.

Id.

Evasion of this tt, how punned.

Id

Number of apprentices;

Id.

Power of appeal.

being lawfully convicted, by conviction, or oath of one witnessv before one justice (or mayor) shall render to the party grieved such satisfaction for his damage and lofV, and charges, as the justice shall order; or shall immediately, on conviction, by confession, or oath of one witness, be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, dll satisfaction be given to the party, wronged, or punishment in-flitted as above.

The wages of journeymen-weavers in the (ilk manufacture in London shall be settled by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen ; in the county of Mrddlcfex, by the justices of the said county; in the city and liberty of Westminster, by the justices there ; within the liberty of the Tower, by the justices in and for the said liberty, at their general quarter-feCions respectively ; who fnatl, within 14 days after, cause the same to be published thrice in any two daily newspapers in London or Westminster.

And if apy master-weaver shall give more or less wages than shall be so settled, he shall, on conviction before two justices, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 50I. by distress; to be paid 10 the matter of the weaver's company, for the ufo of distressed journeymen.

And if any journeyman shall take more or lets than so rated, or enter into any combination to raise the wages, he shall, on the like conviction, forfeit not exceeding 40s. to be applied in like manner: And if not paid immediately, he shall be committed to the house of correction, to hard labour, not exceeding three months.

Two justices, upon information on oath, that there is reason to suspect that any mailer or journeyman hath been gailty of any of the offences aforesaid, may lb mm on any clerk, apprentice, servant, or other person whose attendance appears necessary, to give evidence; and if such person shall not attend oa the said summons, they shall issue their warrant to bring him before them ; and if he shall refuse to give evidence, they shall commit him to the hpufe of correction for one month, unless he shall sooner fobmit to be examined and give evidence.

If any mailer weaver, reflding within the limits aforesaid, shall retain or employ any journeyman out of the said limits, with intent to evade this act, he shall forfeit col. half to the king, and half to him that shall foe in any of the courts of record at Westminster.

No silk weaver, within the aforesaid districts, shall have more than two apprentices at one time, on pain of aol. to be recovered before two justices, as is aforesaid.

Person s convicted before two justices, may appeal to the next general quarter-fefions, or next general sessions.

Disputw

Servants.

Disputes between clothiers and their workmen,

CLOTH MAKERS shall pay to their labourers their wages ^ i.

in money, and not in goods, and deliver wool to them to be Wages in wrought according to the due weight thereof; on pain of for- n»0,":y, aot feiting treble value of the wages, and for every delivery of ex- ®00 *' celEve weight, 6d.

And every justice of the peace, mayor, c. may hear and # determine differences, and commit the offender to the next Justicetohear gaol, till the said duties, forfeitures, and damages be paid. tn(* dete,m,nc*

Every weaver. Sec.who shall purloin, fell, or detain any x 7* 7*

part of the wool or yam, and also the buyer and receiver thereof, knowing the same to be stolen or purloined, being ^onVcceiTine. thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before P two justices, or before the mayor and one of the aldermen or more substantial person s of a town corporate, shall make such satisfaction for damages, as the said justices or chief officers shall appoint; and if the offender doi>ot make satisfaction, he shall, for the fird offence, be apprehended ^nd whipped/or set in the docks where the offence is committed, or in some neighbouring market town in the same county; and for the second offence, shall incur the like or such further punishment by whipping, or being put in the docks, as the said justices or chief officers shall think convenient.

Every clothier, cloth-worker. Sec, or any other person con- i G. 15. cemed in the woollen manufacture, shall pay his workmen in Penalty on not money, and not in goods, on pain of 40s. on conviction (in P*y|n* ,n 40 days) before one judice, on oath of one witness; to be dif- rooney* tributed, if in London, to the benefit of Chrid's hospital; elsewhere, to the poor where the offence shall be discovered; and if he shall not pay in 30 days, to be levied by the coodable, by warrant of such judice, by didrefs; and where no sufficienc didrefs can be found, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for three calendar months.

Offences against this act shall be determined by two justices on information on oath, within three calendar months; who Twojuftlee*r« shall levy the penalties by didrefs, half to the informer, and *nd dc* half to the poor; for want of sufficient didrefs, the offender teraft*ne#

shall be committed to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction shall be made.

And alldifputes and demands, relating to work, wages, or , damages, between any clothier or maker of woollen goods, and And settled any weaver or other person employed in such manufactures, dilpute*. shall be determined by two justices, who shall, on complaint, summon the parties, and hear and examine on oath, and give such costs ana damages to the party grieved, as they shall judge reasonable, and issue their warrant to levy such costs and da-

I> d d 2

mages

3»8

Servants

t Gtfi. 15. Power #f appeal*

U.

Seller of mixt cloth not in eluded in this a a.

Id.

Nor York (hi re cloth.

False measures.

U.

Just ice' duty.

»9 G.t.t. 33. Wages in money only.

Power of appeal*

Order of ftffioni final.

14 C. 3. f. *5. Implements and wool to be returned.

mages (if not paid in ten days) by distress; and for want of such distress, shall commit the party to the county gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made.

Persons aggrieved by order of such jaftices, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, giving sufficient notice of such appeal.

This act does not extend to any factor or his agent, who shall be only employed in the sale of mixt or medley broad cloth.

This act shall not extend to cloth made in Yorkshire, except to determine the forfeiture for felling cloths wanting in length. See. and for over stretching them, viz. 20s. for every inch wanting in breadth ; and 20s. for every half inch short in length of 18 yards; and 40s. for fixing a false mark; to be paid in 21 days, and applied as the other penalties of this act.

One justice, on information upon oath, that any perfoo is, or is suspected to be, guilty of any the ill practices aforefaxd, may issue his warrant to the constable or other peace officer, or to any churchwarden or overseer, directing him in the day. time to enter into any house, (hop, warehouse, or other suspected place, to search for and examine all such bars and weights as shall be made use of for the purposes before mentioned, by any such clothier or maker of woollen goods ; and if such person shall interrupt the officer, he shall forfeit 5!.

If any clothier, or other person concerned in any manufac tore of woollen. Sec. shall pay any person his wages by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money, he shall (on prosecution in three months) forfeit 20I. to be recovered by action of debt, by any person who shall sue for the same ; or otherwise, before twfc justices, by confession, or oath of one wicness, by distress (if not paid in 14 days); and to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the poor; and for want of sufficient distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction shall be made. Persons aggrieved by the order of the justices, may appeal to the next sessions, first entering into recognizance, and giving eight days' notice in writing to the party in whose favour the order was made. And the order of sessions shall be final; and no proceedings of the justices out of, or in the sessions, shall be removed by certiorari, or otherwise.

If any weaver, or other person, employed in the manufacturing of woollen cloth, or in preparing materials for that purpose, shall not return all working tools or implements wherewith he shall be intruded, and all wool. Sec. delivered out to be wrought, or shall fraudulently increase the weight, he shall, 00 conviction before one justice where the offender shall reftde, by confession, or oath of one wicness, be committed to the house of correction for one calendar month.

If

(^.

Servants.

ji If any person shall fraudulently buy or receive any tools, implements, or materials, or if any person shall be charged on suspicion with having embezzled and kept back the wool and yarn delivered out to him, or with having fold, bought, or otherwise received the same, and oath shall be made thereof be. rt fore one judice where the Offence.was committed, such justice shall issue his warrant to the constable, to enter into and search , in the day-time the dwelling.house of such person, and also j, such other house or place, in which the clothier or his servant shall make oath that he hath just cause to suspect that the said £ tools or materials may be secreted : And if, upon search, they shall be found, the constable shall seize the same, and appre-‘ : hend the person in whose custody they shall be found, and

bring him before the same or some other justice; and unless he can give a good account how he came by the same, to the famfaction of such justice, he shall be thereof converted, and

I suffer the like punishment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

If the person accused shall requed of the judice to appoint a reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bought or

II received the same, or any witness to prove the sale or delivery c, thereof; the said judice shall appoint such time as aforesaid, ^ and shall issue a summons to the condable where such person or

witness shall reside, requiring him to appear at such time and

place as the judice shall appoint, in order to be examined on

oath of the several matters aforesaid; but such person, at the ^ time of making the said requed, shall enter into recognizance t for his appearance at the time so to be set; or for want of such ‘ recognizance, he shall be committed until the said time.

Upon information on oath made to any judice, that there is just cause to suspect, that any ends of yarn, or other refuse

of cloth, drugget, or of other woollen goods, or of goods mixed

with wool, have been collected and received, ana are lodged

or concealed in any dwelling.hoofe, or other place, such juf. ;l tice shall, by his warrant, cause every such place to be searched & in the day-time; and if any of the said goods or materials, f flocks and pinions only excepted, above the quantity of three ^ pounds shall be found therein, he shall cause the person in i* whose house or other place the same shall be found, to be $ brought before him or some other judice; and on proof made !*' upon oath before such judice, that such* goods or materials

were found in the house or other place of such person so brought before him, the said person, not exculpating himself iff to the satisfaction of such judice, shall Aider the like punish-ment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid. i The judice shall cause the conviction to be written on parchment, and died at the next sections; and at the time of the conviction, shall make known to the party convicted, that he hath a right to appeal to the next sessions; who, upon proof ^ of such notice and recognizance, shall hear and determine the

matter, and may award cods to either party.

In

389

14 O. 3. f. 15. Fraud respect. ing tools or materials-

U.

Time allowed for producing offender-

Id.

Search warrant for doth, dsc-

Fen alcy, 1/ found-

Id.

Convt&ion to be filed.

Power of appeal.

Servants

S9°

UG.l* € Second offence to be tried at the near fcfiaont*

Six month*' iroorifonment and whipping*

Limitation of time*

2 jta ft*

x. »&.

Xmbeszling

BUtcri«l9.

14.

Payment in money*

T V G. 2. c. 8« Penalty on par* inining au.

ceriais*

la case of a second offence, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction till the next sessions, or until he shall have entered into recognizance, with sufficient fu re ties, to appear at such sessions, and abide the order of the just ices there; and the justices shall also bind over the informer to profeente at such iessions; and if the person informed against shall be found guilty at the said sessions, the just ices there shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months. Btjt if it appear to the said justices, that such person hath been already convicted at foxne feffioos of any offence against this act, then they shall, upon conviction, commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding six calendar months, and also order him to be once publicly whipped at such time and place as they shall appoint. Information upon oath to be made before a ju-ilice, within, three calendar months after the offence committed*

Piiputes between mailers and servants in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, and iron manufactures.

IF any person employed in these manufactures shall embezzle or purloin any materials, and shall be convicted by oath of one witness, or confession, before one justice, he shall forfeit double the value of the damages; and if he shall neglect or refuse tc pay the same, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction until satisfaction shall be made: And if it shall appear to the justice that he is not able to make satisfaction, he shall be there publicly whipped, and kept to hard labour not exceeding 14 days.

All payments to the said workmen shall be in money, and not in cloth, victuals, or other commodities, on pain of forfeiting and paying double the value of what shall be doe to the labourers or workmen, before two justices : And all wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers, in the said manufactures, concerning work done, shall be determined by two julUces, who may summon and examine witnesses on oath: Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions to be holden next after notice of the older of the said two justices.

If any person employed as aforesaid shall purloin, embezzle, or otherwise illegally dispose of any materials, and shall be convicted thereof, he shall forfeit double value of the damages, together with such costs as the justice shall judge reasonable; and if not paid immediately, 'the said justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction, to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding 14 days ; and for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four times the value of the damages, together with such costs as the justice shall judge

Servants.

judge reasonable; and if not paid immediately, then such or any other justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also during the time of such commitment, shall cause him to be publicly whipped in the market town where he shall be committed, at the market place or cross, once or oftener, as to such justice shall seem reasonable. The receiver of the same shall be subject to the like penalties. The forfeitures by both these acts shall be half to the party injured, and half to the poor; with the liberty of appealing to the sessions.

Disputes between matters and their workmen in the leathern manufactures.

IF any person employed in the leathern manufactures shall fraudulently purloin or embezzle any wares of this kind, and be thereof convicted by the oath of one . credible witness, or confession, before the justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall reside, such justice may award him to make satisfaction to the party injured, not exceeding double the value, half to the party grieved, and half to the poor, together with full charges attending the conviction; to be levied by distress and sale; and if he mall'not pay immediately, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour for 14 days, and whipped in such manner as the justice shall dircdt; and, for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four times the value of the damages, together with such coils as the justice shall judge reasonable; if not paid immediately, he shall be committed to the house of correction or other public prison, to be there kept to hard labour not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also daring such commitment to be publicly whipped in the market town where he shall be committed, at the market place or cross, once or oftener, as to such justice shall seem reasonable.

And every person who shall knowingly or willingly receive any the said goods or materials, or offer lo to do, shall, on like conviction, make such recompence in two days, or else be fub-jeCl to such distress; and for want of sufficient distress, be liable to the like punishment, as the person so purloining or otherwise disposing thereof; and so for the second and every subsequent offence.

All payments to workmen employed in the said manufactures shall be in money, and notin goods, except by their own request and consent; and if such labourer or manufacturer shall be guilty of any fraud, abuse, neglect, or default in the work by him undertaken to be done, he shall answer to the owner double damages.

All

391

13 G. s u

Receiver liable to same penalties.

Application «f fuxfeiuiies.

Id.

Emberalentent, how punished.

Application of penal lie*.

Id.

Receiver, how dealt with*

Id.

Wages to be in money.

Servants

392

13 G. 2. c. 8.

Two justice*.

Id.

Person neglect-tag his work.

Id.

Power of appeal*

ai G. a* r. 27* 17 G. 3. r. 56. Purloincn, how paaihe4.

Id.

Penalty on rt-cekver.

Informer* it are*

KeGdoc to the poor*

All wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers and manufacturers in the said trades, shall be determined by two justices, who may summon and examine witnesses upon oath* Every person employed by any one mailer, and neglecting the performance thereof, shall, on conviction by oath of one witness before one justice, befenttothe house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month.

Persons aggrieved by any order of the said two justices, may appeal to the next sessions, giving eight days notice ; and the sessions may award costs to either party* But no order of fuefe two justice* shall be appealed against, or quashed, for want of form only.

I

Disputes between mailers and their workmen, in the ' making of hats, or in the woollen, linen, fuflian, f cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair* or , silk manufactures.

IF any person, hired or employed in any of these manufactures, shall purloin or embezzle any of the materials with which he shall be intruded, and be convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, or confession, before two justices, he shall, for the first offence, be committed to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for not less than 14 days, nor more than three months; and, for a second, or any other subsequent offence, not less than three months, nor more than six months; and the justices may likewise, for the first or any subsequent offence, order the offender to be once publicly whipped, if such additional,

punishment shall by them be deemed proper.

The receiver of any of the said materials, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not more than 40I. nor less than 20I.; the same to be applied, by direction of the justices, in the first place to defray the expences of the prosecution ; next, to make such satisfaction to the party injured as the justices shall think proper ; afterwards, to the informer a sum not exceeding 10I.; and the remainder to the poor of the place where the conviction shall be, or to I such other public charity as the justices shall appoint: And if the said penalty shall not be paid on conviction, the justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction or other ( public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not more than six months, nor less than three months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid ; or the justices may fend him j to the house of correction, or other public prison, for three days, exclusive of the day of commitment, with an order, that within the said time the offender shall be ogee publicly whipped

Servants

393

fa ped at the market place or some other public place, where the offender shall be committed. Forasecond offence, the justices 21 shall commit , him to the house of correction, or other public prison, till the next general, or general quarter-session$, rr^or till he shall have entered into recognizance to answer for :'i: such offence at the said sessions; and the justices there shall a hear and determine the matter; and if the person shall be si convicted, he shall forfeit not more than 100I. nor less than ;c 50U to be recovered and distributed in like manner as the pe* w nalty for the first offence.

% Although the purloined materials be worked up, or otherwise disposed of, so that it may be difficult to convict the offender, two justices as aforesaid, or the justices in sessions ref-pectively, on proof upon oath that such person hath purloined or embezzled, or received such materials, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, may convict the offender, although no

5 proof shall be given to whom such materials belong. AH j which provisions shall extend to all tools and implements; and also to all drugs or ingredients for dying, preparing, an4 manufacturing the same.

If any person shall wilfully damnify, spoil, or destroy, any work committed to his charge, he shall, on conviction as aforesaid, forfeit to the owner double value, by distress 5 for ::t want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed

6 to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, for !l any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be

made.

s* If any person hired or employed to work up materials for £ any master, shall neglect the performance thereof for eight W days successively ; or having taken in any materials for manu-4 facture from one master, shall afterwards take in any from ano-:P ther master ; or suffer himself to be employed in any other occupation sooner than eight days before the completion of the work first taken ; he shall be sent to the house of correction or £ other public prison, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding three months, nor less than one: And if any person shall re-$ ceive any of the said materials in a fictitious name, in order to $ be manufactured, or shall receive the same in his own name, t' and afterwards deliver them to any other person to be manu-fadured ; or if any carrier, or other person employed to de-Ji1 liver such materials, shall deliver the same to any other person than him to whom the owner ordered them to be delivered, he shall suffer, as in case of neglecting performance of the work for eight days.

4 It shall bie lawful for the owner of the materials to enter at all seasonable hours in the day time, into the (hop, outhouse, jr* or other place, of any person employed by him to work up any ;p} the said materials, and there to inspect the condition thereof; 4 and if any person shall refuse to permit such entrance or in- spection, he shall forfeit any sum at the discretion of the justices, nor less than 40s.; to be levied and applied as for

£ e e having

17 G 3. c. 56.

Second offence, how punished.

Id.

Justice'i power to commit*

it G. i. 17 Work spoiled or damaged*

17 G. 3.C. 56. Workman neglecting his work 8 days*

How punished*

Id.

Owner may enter work, (hop*

394

Servants.

17 G. 3. c. 56. Materials not used to be ie< turned*

JJ.

Search warrant by two j unices.

having materials, and not being able to give a satisfactory account how lie came by them.

And if any perfoa entruded with any of the said materia!*, in order to work up the lame, shall neglect, for the space of eight days after the work shall be (inished, to return (if required by the owner) so much of the said materials as were not used, he shall suffer as for purloining or embezzling.

Two justices, on complaint upon oath, that there is cause to (ufpeft, that any embezzled materials are concealed in any dwelling-house, or other place, may, by their warrant, cause the same to be searched in the day time ; and if any such materials shall be found, they may cause the same, and the person in whose possession they were found, to be brought before them, or any other two justices of the didrift; and if such person shall not give an account to the' satisfaction of the justices how he came by the same, he shall be convicted, although no proof shall be given to whom the materials belong: And every peace officer, and watchman, during the time he is of-Watchmsn, See. on duty, may apprehend any person who may be reasonably may apprehend. fufpC^c^ of carrying, after sun-setting and before sun-rising, any such materials, and the same, together with such person, may carry before two justices; and if he shall not produce the party of whom he bought or received the same, or shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall be convicted in like manner, although no proof Qtall be given to whom such materials belong. Provided, that in either of these cases, if the person who shall be brought before the judice! shall requed them to appoint a reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bought or received the same, or a witoefs to prove the sale or delivery thereof, the justices may appoint such time, and issue a summons to the condable where such person or witness shall reside, requiring him to appear and give evidence; but such person, at the time of his requed, shall enter into recognizance, for his appearance at the time; or, for want of such recognizance, shall be committed until such time appointed.

And when a person shall be convicted in either of the cases aforegoing, the justices may cause the materials (o found or seized to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers, for any time not exceeding 30 days; and in the mean time shall order them to advertise the same in some newspaper ufoally circulated there, or otherwise to cause notice to be given bf some public cryer, and by fixing such notice on the church or chapel door, that those who have lod such materials may come and claim the same: And if any person can prove them to be his, the justices shall order them to be restored to the owner, he paying the charges of removing, depositing, and giving notice. But if before the end of 30 days no person shall prove his property, the justices shall order the same to be sold, and after deducting such charges as aforesaid, together with the

charges

Time allowed to produce the feller.

Materials, how disposed of*

Sold after 30 days*

tt

Servants.

395

17 G, 3. 5S,

Half to prosecutor, half to the poor.

charges of sale, one moiety of the money anting from such sale shall be given to the prosecutor, and the other moiety either to the poor where the conviction shall be, or to such public charity as the justices shall appoint; and the offender shall forfeit, for the first offence, zol.for the second offence, 30I. and for every fabsequent offence, 40I. — All which said ref-pective forfeitures shall be levied by distress; and if no fuf-ticient distress shall be found, the justices shall commit the of- In failure of fender to the common gaol or other prison, or to the house of <Mrefs. correction, for one month for the first offence, for two months for the second offence, and for six months for every subsequent offence.

If any person employed as a journeyman dyer, servant, or apprentice, in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woollen, journeyman linen, fustian, cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or tilk mate- dying for hit rials, shall, for his own profit, and Without consent of the roaf- own profit, ter, dye any of the same, whether wrought or unwrought, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit 10s. for the second offence,

20s. and for every subsequent offence, 40s. — Or if any person Person employ-shall procure any such materials to be dyed by any such jour- »n* joumeym»n neyman, servant, or apprentice, without consent of themaster, to dJ«materials, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, 5s. for the second offence,

20s. and for every subsequent offence, 4I.; to be recovered as aforesaid before two justices, on the oath of one witness, to the use of the informer; and in case of non-payment, on convic-. tion, the offender to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

And all contracts or agreements made m any unlawful clubs c. *, and societies, by any persons employed in any of the manu- Contract* in factures aforesaid, for settling the prices of goods, or for ad- cl«b»* vancing their wages, or for lessening their usual hours of unlaw^ul* work, shall be void : And if any such person shall be concerned in any such combination, he shall, on conviction in three calendar months, bn the oath of one witness, before two justices, be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding three months. And if any person shall assault or abuse any mailer or other person concerned in any of the said manufactures, whereby he shall receive any bodily hurt, for not complying with any such illegal bye-laws, or shall write or cause to be written, or knowingly fend or cause to be sent any threatening letter, &c. to any such person, for not complying with any demands of his workmen, he shall, on conviction by indictment, in 12 calendar months, be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

The master shall pay his workmen in money, and not other- '3 13.

wife: And for the more easy recovering the said wages, two ^.jf#to be justices, upon complaint (in three months), shall summon the p 10 10 party offending, and for non-payment, shall issue their warrant to levy the same by distress ; and for want of sufficient distress, shall^commit the offender to gaol for six months, or un-E e e 2til

396

Servants

17 G. 5. f. 56.

One justice iffu eshis warrant* two justice* to he«r and convict*

Id.

Form of con-▼irOion.

37 G.3. a 56. Power of appeal,

Recognizance to be entered into*

14 G. a*c. 44. False reeling yarn, how punWhed.

Id.

Form of ton* vision

til lie shall pay, or give fall satisfadkm for the same: And every person paying the same otherwise than in money, shall forfeit 10I. half to the informer, and half to the party grieved, by distress as aforesaid.

in order to recover the penalties on these a£h, one justice, on complaint to him on oath, may ifToe his warrant for apprehending the person accused, and bringing him before two justices; who shall proceed to hear and determine the offence* And any inhabitant of the parish, town ship* or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall be deemed a competent witness, not with (landing his being an inhabitant there.

The con vision shall be written on parchment, in this or the like form: BE it remembered, that the day of

in the year of our Lord , A. B. was before

of his majesty's jufliees of the peace in and for the feud county of , of [here specify the offence, and

when and where committed.] Given under our bauds and feeds the day and year first above written.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any order or judgment of the two joffices, he may appeal (and at the time of the conviction, the justices shall make known to him hit right to appeal) to the next genera] or general quarter-sessions; such person, at the time of the conviction, giving to the justices notice in writing of his intention to appeal, ana entering into recognizance, with fofHcient fore ties, to try the appeal, and to abide the judgment of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the conrt: But if he shall not, at the time of giving notice, enter into such recognizance, the justices shall commit him to the hoofe of correction, or other public prison, until the sessions, unless such recognizance shall be sooner entered into. And the justices, at such sessions, upon determining the appeal, may award coffs to either party.

If any person shall reel false or short yarn, and shall be thereof convicted® by the oath of the owner of the yarn, or of 00c witness, or by confession, before one justice where the offence was committed, or the offender shall reside, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20s. nor less than 5s. 5 for the second offence, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.; and for the third and every other offence, he shall be committed to the house of correction, or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour for one calendar month,* and be once publicly whipped at the market town nearest to the place where theoffence was committed, on a market day; all which forfeitures shall go to the party aggrieved.

And the conviction shall be in this form : it

that on the day of in the year of our Lord A. B.

is conviQed before me, one of his jufliees of the

Upon which Dr Boro jaftly observes, that It Is a Angular induce of a conviction on the oath of a person doubly interested, namely, both as owner at the goods, and as entitled to the whole furfeitute.

peace,

1

3?!

*1

H

s

82

t*

sj:

X

id

33

fi

Sfl.

;S:

3-

i>*

3<

y

i

t

y

y

r-j'

'IK1

y

fi

y

s

Servants.

ptaee % for [specifying the offence, and the rime and

place when and where committed, and also specifying that it it is the fird, second, or third offertce against this act.] Give* under my band and Jealt the day and year first above-mentioned.

Which conviction shall be written on parchment, and Hied at the next sections.

If any person so convicted shall be desirous of appealing to the next sections, he may, at the time of theconvicton, enter into recognizance, conditioned to try such appeal, abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be adjudged by the justices at such sections. And the justices there shall take recognizance of the appeal, and may affirm such conviction, and award such costs as they shall think proper*

If the pecuniary penalties for reeling false or short yarn, together with the cods and charges attending the prosecution, shall not be paid according to the order of such judice, the same shall be levied by oidrefs, together with the cods and charges of didrefs and sale; and if goods sufficient cannot be found, such judice -shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for one calendar mpnth, unless such penalties and charges shall be sooner paid. And persons aggrieved On this att may appeal to the next sections, who {hail finally hear and determine the matter of complaint.

Disputes between matters and theit workmen, in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

ALL lace merchants and dealers in lace shall pay the persons employed by them for their labour, and for all the lace bought of them, in money only, on pain of lol. to the party aggrieved, by warrant of one judice, by didrefs; for want of sufficient didrefs, shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for six calendar months, unless such penalty, and the charges attending the recovery thereof, be sooner paid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to any sections to be holden within six months after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving 14 days notice; and the sections shall hear and finally determine the same, and may give cods to either party, and levy the same by didrefs.

Disputes between matters and their workmen in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

IF any person shall purloin, embezzle, secrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any clock, watch, gold, silver, or other metal or material, or any part

thereof,

397

14 G.3. <.44*

to be recorded. U.

Power of appeal*

15 G. 3. c. 14.

Distress, if uoc paid.

19 G. 3. e.49* Payment only in money.

Id.

Persons rj-gtieved may appeal

*7 G. % . e. 7. Penalty on pur* Joining clockwork, jewels, &c.

39$

*7 C. a. e. 7.

U.

Receivers p«-nuheii as above*

U.

by one justice.

?orm of conviction.

Servants.

thereof, or any diamond or other precious done, with which he shall be entruited ; and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of the owner, or other credible witness, or on confession, before one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the person so charged shall reside, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit 2oI. and if not forthwith paid, the jo dices shall commit him to the house of correction, or other public prifoo, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of 14 days, on. less the forfeiture shall be sooner paid ; and if within two days before the expiration of the said 14 days such forfeitore (hill not be paid, the judice may order him to be publicly whipped at the market place, or some other public place, of the city, town, or place, where he shall be committed; and forafe. cond, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit 40I. in like manner; and if not paid forthwith, the judice shall commit him as aforesaid, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid ; and if within sevendaysbe. fore the expiration of the time for which he shall be committed, the forfeiture shall not be paid, the judice may order him to be whipped in like manner, twice or oftner, as to fochjaf. tice shall appear reasonable.

And if any person shall buy or receive any clock or watch, or part thereof, or any diamond or other precious done, know, ing the same to be so purloined, he shall, on the like conviction, suffer as above.

One jqdice, on complaint to him made opoa oath, of any offence against this act, may issue his warrant for apprehend, ing and bringing before him, or before any other judice of the same place, the person so charged.

And the conviction shall be in this form:

Middlesex, 7 BE it renumbered, on the day of k

to wit* ) the year of h A. B.

eonv idled before me [or us, if more than one] of his mtjtjtfs

justices of the peace for the said county of or for the

riding (or division) of the said county of or for the (it),

liberty, cr town of in the said county of (is the

case shall be) of purloining, embezzling, or unlawfully difpeftn^ef, or of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn (as the case shall be) speci Tying the respective goods, materials, oreffe&s, the frozen) ofC.D. of in the county of

my hand andfeal (or our hands and seals) the day and year of at*

Jatd.

Disputa

Servants

399

n Disputes between matters and servants in husbandry, a artificers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keel-'r men, pitmen, glaffmcn, potters, and other la-

bourers.

2?

f ALL complaints, differences, and disputes between mailers *0f7. 19.

or miftreiTes and servants in husbandry hired for a year [or for Dece.mined by less time] 5 or between mailers and mitt relies and artificers, 0,lciuft‘ce*

*1 and other labourers employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, shall be determined by one justice, where the

matter or mittrefs shall inhabit, although no rate or assessment ^ of wages has been made that year; which justice shall examine

on oath any such servant or other the said persons, or any other witness touching such complaint, and make such* order for lJ payment of wages, as to him shall seem just and reasonable, Qr(Jet 0fply.

:1 provided that the sum in quellion do not exceed 10I. with re- ment of wagrw s gard to any servant, nor 5I. with regard to any other persons befofe.mentioned; and in case of non-payment for 21 days, such justice may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress.

Such justice, on application or complaint on oath by any *0 C. 19. i: mailer, mistress, or employer, against any such servant, or la- Punishmenrot'

bourer, concerning any misdemeanor, miscarriage, or ill be- frrv»nt»* ill be-2 haviour in his or her service or employment, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender by commitment to the house of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour not exceeding one calendar month, or ft? ©therwife by abating some part of his or her wages, or by dif-1' charging such servant or other the said persons from their fer-) vice or employment.

And in like manner, such justice, on complaint or applica- ^ tion on oath by any such servant, artificer, or other labourer, P»n*U»ment of against such mailer, mistress, or employer, concerning any

mifufage, refusal of necessary provision, cruelty, or other iil ti treatment, may* summon such mailer, mistress, or employer,

t to appear before him at a reasonable time to be prefixed in such / summons ; and he shall examine into the matter of such complaint, and upon proof thereof made upon oath, to his satisfaction, may)- discharge such servant, or other person afore-,$ said, from his service and employment, which discharge shall j,; be given under his hand and seal gratis.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by such deter-g mination, order, or warrant of such justice (except any order Appeal to the of commitment), he may appeal to the next icllions, who may award colls to either party, not exceeding 40s. to be levied by distress, in manner before-mentioned. Nothing herein shall Stannaries ex- extend to the stannaries in Devon and Cornwall. cepted.

See appendix, No. 70.

9 See appeadix, No. 69. f See appendix, No. 74.

le

Servants

400

€ G. 3. e. aj. If any artificer, callico printer, handicraftsman, miner, pot-

Wo-kmen en- ter, labourer, or other person, shall contrail with any per ion gaged for term* ^ any time or term, and shall absent himfrif from his service before the term of his contract shall be completed, or be guilty of any other misdemeanor; it shall be lawful for one justice, on complaint upon oath, to issue his warrant to apprehend such person complained of, and to examine into the nature of the complaint; and if it shall appear to such justice, that the person complained of hath not fulfilled his contract, or hath been guilty of any misdemeanor, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

II, Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, giving

Power of appeal. six days notice to the justice and to the parties, and entering into recognizance, within three days after such notice, before a justice, with sufficient furcty, to try the appeal at, and abide the order or judgment of, and pay such coils as shall be awarded by, the justicesat such feifions.

7 G.JI. t.'r. 13.

Hours ot work in and near London.

Kate of wageal

General mourn-

ing.

I G. 3. e, 17. No greater *agei to be given or taken.

U.

Jurticet power herein.

Taylors and their workmen within the bills.

THE hours of work for servants or journeymen to be employed in the taylor business, within London and five miles thereof, shall be from fix in the morning till seven in the evening, with an interval of one hoar only for refreshment. And the wages for the same shall be, any sum not exceeding 2s. 7f-d. a day; except during the space of one calendar month from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl roarlhal in the London gazette; and during that space, any sum not exceeding 5s. i|d.

And if any mailer shall give, or any workman within the said limits shall take, any more or greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall, on information or prosecution within three months, and conviction thereof, before two justices, by coo-session or oath of one witness, be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than 14 days.

Any two justices within the limits aforesaid, upon information on oath made to them, that there is reason to suspect that any person hath given or received greater wages than as aforesaid, shall issue their summons, requiring any person employed by the person so suspected to have offended, or any other perfoc, whose attendance such informant shall think necessary for the purpose of giving evidence, to attend such justices, or some other two justices acting for such county or place, to testiYy concerning the premises; and if such person shall not attend, such two justices, or any other two justices a Cling for such

county

Servants. 401

county or place, to testify concerning the premises 5 and if such 8 G, 3. c. 171 :'2 person shall not attend,such two justices, or any other two justices 'M acting for such county or place, shall issue their warrant to apprehend and bring such person before them, or some other [two justices acting for the said county or place, to be examined touch-J ing the premises in the said information t And if any such peri son so attending, or being brought before such justices, shall re-2: fuse to be examined or give testimony, he shall,by the said justices,

:i be committed to the house of correction, until he shall submit it to be examined, and give testimony as aforesaid. in The mayor, aldermen, and recorder of London, at their ge-pi neral quarter* sessions, or general sessions, shall, from time to Taylors* wages* 1 time, on application to them made, alter, regulate, and order whom re-j the wages for persons employed in the business of making men gu ated* and women's clothes within London and five miles thereof,

:f and the hours of work : And within foorteen days after mak- ing every such order, shall cause the same to be printed and

0 published, at the reasonable expence of the persons applying for the same, in any two daily newspapers in London or West, minder.

Nothing herein shall extend to regulate the wages or hours . of work of persons employed as foremen ; or to hinder the pay. Certain ex-'* ing or receiving other wages (not exceeding 6d. an hour in '"P^008* time of general mourning, and 3d. an hour at any one time)

# k before or after the hours of work.

1 And if any master, residing within the limits, shall employ ^

'< any person out of the said limits, with intent to elude the act, Erafiont of the *.b and shall give greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall forfeit «& severely 500I. with costs, half to "the king, and half to him that shall p»nished.

$ file.

j Persons convicted by the two justices as aforesaid, may ap. id.

*ji peal to the next general quarter- sessions, or general-sessions. Power of appeal* giving immediate notice of such appeal, and finding sufficient security to the satisfaction of such justices, for being personally <1 present at the said sessions, and for prosecuting the appeal with effect, and abiding by the judgment of the court. And the \ sessions may award costs to either party. And if the conviction shall be confirmed, the appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the conviction, and until payment of j costs.

$ Shoemakers and their workmen within the bills,

5! IF any journeyman shoemaker, within the bills of mortality, . . *7.

'$ shall be accused by his master of purloining any shoes or Purloining jj other wares or materials, one justice where the offence shall shoes,&c. how. ';jf be committed, or the offender shall inhabit, on oath of such PUIJ,"e<i* l. offence, may summon the party, or issue his warrant to apprehend him $ and if the same is proved before him by confcftion, v or oath of one witness, he shall award satisfaction for damages -v and charges, and levy the same by distref3 s and for want of ^ F f f sufficient

402

9 G.e, 27.

Id.

Two justic«« may iilue (earth virnnUt

Id.

Workman leaving under.

U.

Power of appeal.

J7C. 3.C. 39. 1 hit act, by whom executed. 91 G. 3. c. 31.

Power of appeal*

Ii.

Penalties may be mitigated.

35 G. 3. c. 43. Servant! not ' employed in hufbaodry.

Servants,

sufficient dirt refs, shall cause the offender to b« whipped where the offence was committed ; and for a second or other offence, he shall commit him to the house of correction, not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days ; and every person who shall buy, receive, or take in payrn the fapie, shall be fabjeft to the same punishment.

Two justices, on complaint on oath,'may issue their warrant for searching in the day-time for goods so purloined, and break open doors, and every person hindering such (earch, shall for* feit 10I. to him who shall sue in two months $ and if such goods shall be found, they shall restore them to the owner, and cause the offender to make satisfaction for the damages and charges, as aforesaid.

And every person retained by one mailer, who shall suffer himself to be retained by any other, before he hath finished his work, shall, on conyi&ion upon oath of one witness, before one justice, be sent to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next session, giving eight days notjee.

Puty on Servants.

THE of of the duties upon houses and windows shall be of to put this act in execution.

Prosecutions under this act, within the limits of the excise-office, shall be determined by the commissioners of excise, and in other parts of the kingdom, by any two or more of the justices of the peace redding near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed ; and if the party finds himself aggrieved, he shall and may appeal to thejuffices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, who are hereby authorised and im powered to hear and determine the same, whole judgment therein shall be final.

It shall be lawful for the said of and jufficet, where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any penalties and forfeitures, in such manner as they shall think fit, the reasonable cods and charges of the prosecution being allowed, over and above such mitigation, foasnot to reduce the penalty to less than one fourth part thereof, over and above the said cods and charges; one moiety thereof to and for the uleof his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the discoverer or informer of the same.

The two above cited acts being repealed, it was enacted, that from and after July 5, 1785, the following duties are to be paid for all male servants, not employed in husbandry; for one or two, il. 5s. each; for three or four, ll. 10s. each; fire to seven, il. 15s. each; eight to ten, 2I. each ; for eleven and upwards, 31, each.

Servants,

v

B'*

'it

ti

flfii

as

:x

ft

Iff!

Iff

ti

a

;3l

;-f;

V'

4

I

«f

i

i#

i:

i*

An additional il. 5s. is to be paid for every male servant retained by unmarried men above 21 years of age.

The duties granted by this act are not to extend to servants employed, bonafide, in husbandry, dairy, or manufacture, or any trade or calling (other than waiters) by which the mailer or millrefs of such servant shall earn a livelihood or profit.

' The duty for every coachman, groom, pollillion, or helper, let out to hire by way of jobb, shall be paid by the mailer or millrefs, for whose use and in whose service they shall be employed respectively 5 and the duty hereby granted for every gardener* retained or employed by any person or persons who shall con trad for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the person or persons for whose use and in whose garden such gardener shall be employed.

Nothing in this act shall extend to exempt any person or persons from the payment of any of the duties granted by this a ti,in respect of any servant, under pretence that such servant is or shall tte bonnd as an apprentice to such person or persons, save and except such apprentices as are or shall be knposed upon any mailer or millrefs, by magistrates and parish officers, so as the number of such apprentices, so imposed upon any mader or millrefs, does not exceed two: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt arfy such apprentice or apprentices who is or are employed as livery servants.

This act shall not extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, the butler or butlers, manciple, cook or cooks* gardener or gardeners, or porter or porters, of any college, or hall, within either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or St. Andrews, in Scotland, or of the several colleges of Westminster, Eton, or Winchester; or the servants of his Majesty, or any of the royal family; or of any ambalTador or foreign minister redding in the kingdom of Great Britain.

Nothing herein contained shall extend to any of the royal hospitals of Chrill, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling hospital.

One servant of any officer under the rank of a field officer, shall not be liable to the duties; nor one servant of any officer disabled in his Majesty's service, and on half pay.

Female Servants' duty repealed.

BY an act, 25 G. 3, r. 42, it was enabled, that from and after the 5th day of July* 178$, there should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and foccelTors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by all persons who should retain or em-F f f a ploy

403

*5C.3.t.4J.

Additional cuty by unmarried man.

Exemptions.

Id.

Jobb servants chargeable.

Gardeners.

Not all appreo# licet exempt.

Certain College servanta, Ac* exempt.

Hospitala ex* empt.

O/Beer's servant exempt.

*5 0. C. 41.

recited.

O. 3. a. 3.

Servants^

404

3»G. 3.1.3;

Dotlet to cease from 5 April, »79»*

*5 G. 3. c.43. Who to collect.

Times of meeting*

Act to be doty enforced*

Oath to tie first token*

Commissionen*

oath*

By whom «A> 'Wiinifter^d*

Duty, when to commence.

To be paid quarterly*

ploy any female servant or servants* such yearly sums as are therein mentioned: From and after the fifth day of April, 1792, the duties on female servants granted by the said recited act are to cease and determine; and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the roles and regulations established and prescribed by the said recited act, or by any other act of Parliament, in relation to the managing, collecting, levying, and paying the said duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in reiped thereof, shall also cease and determine.

The duties charged by this act are to be collected by such persons, and paid into the exchequer under such penalties, &c. as are appointed for the duties on houses and windows. The of of the afore-mentioned duties on houses, shall be of for putting this act in execution.

The first meeting shall be on or before the 5th day of July, 1785, and afterwards yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said of, for the time being, dhall think proper to appoint, on or before the 30th day of April.

The of, on defaultof meeting on the day above-mentioned, may meet afterwards. &c. in order to execute the powers of this act, so as that the said duties charged by this act may be duly and effectually aiTessed, raised, levied, and paid to his majesty, his heirs and successors, notwithstanding any such default or defect as aforesaid.

No person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act (except in administering the oath herein after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths re-quisite to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses and windows, or lights ; and also shall have taken the following oath:

/ A. B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the

office of a commissioner, according to an made in the 2$thjcar of king George the third, to repeal the duties on male servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants ; and that I will determine upon all appeals which shall he brought before me, under the said act, according to the btfi of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

which oath any two or more of the of are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall act as a commissioner for the execution of this act, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken such oaths, as aforesaid he shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of tool.

The assessment of the duties charged by this act shall be made for one year, from the 5th day of April in every year.

The said duties shall be paid at the times and in the proportions following (that is to say), quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the 10th day of October, in every year, by equal portions;

the

Servants.

n the first of the said quarterly payments to be made on the ioth 31 day of October, 1785.

a If there shall be a neglect of appointment of assessors of the

3 said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or if the assessors n: appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act,

the surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, appointed 5J or to be appointed under the authority of the said acts, relative lC to the duties on hoafes, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall perform such and the like services as, by the said acts, or any of them, are required from such assessors.

Every person so appointed, or to be appointed assessor, or any surveyor or inspector hereby authorised to act as an aflefior, j shall, before he presumes to act in the execution of the said of fice or employment, take (betides the oaths or affirmations re-

quired to De taken by assessors by the be fore-mentioned acts re-lative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any

of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers,

make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following I form:

s / A. B. do swear [or affirm, as the case may require], that \ in the assessment which I am required to make by authority of an act I* made in the z^th year of king George the third, to repeal the

duties on male servants5 and for charging new duties upon £ male fer van ts ; I will aft according to the best of my skill and

knowledge So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commis-

Jfl (loners are hereby authorised and required to administer; and

if any person shall presume to act, before he shall have taken f the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 20I.

The said of naming in their precepts whom they shall think (it to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the 'f said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall cause notice to be inserted, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the duties granted by this act.

$ Assessors shall, within 14. days after such their appointment of yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person b keeping any servant liable to the duties granted by this act, ^ within the limits of the places for which such assessors are to ^ aft, at his or her dwelling-house, to prepare or produce, within 14 days, separate lilts in writing of his or her male fer-$ vants retained or employed within such limits, describing the christian name and surname of each servant, and the capacity in which each shall have been retained or employed, and'to \i contain the greatest number of servants, which such person

4 shall have retained or employed at any one time in the course it of the year ending the 5th day of April preceding such notice;

and every such person shall, after such notice so given or left, { make out the said lids, and (ign the same with his or her own name, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such assessor or assessors, who are hereby required and directed

405

»S O. 3.C.4J.

Non-appointment of afletibaa remedied.

Id.

Assessor to taka the oath.

Assessor'a oath*

Id.

By whom id-minidered.

Id.

Notice of appointment.

Id.

Alfessors duty. /

Servants,

406

*5 G. 3.

Person* iffiflVd in two piriikc* relieved*

Id.

Declaration

signeo.

Surcharge by

atTc (Turk*

U.

Assessment* delivered to be signed.

Id.

Surveyors to in-spetf the lifts and certify.

Id.

Penalty on not deiiveiing lift.

Id.

Surcharge

double.

ted to call for the same. If any such person shall neglect or refuse to make out such lifts, the assessoror asse flora shall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make an affefliseot upon such person, in respect to the oumber of male fenrants; and every such assessment shall be final upon the person thereby charged, who shall not beat liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall alledge and prove such excuse for not having delivered his or her lift, as the lomraissioners for executing this act shall think reasonable and sufficient*.

If any person, having been aftefted tinder this a Cl in one parish for his or her servants within the same, shall be again assessed in another, for such servants, or any of them 3 the Commissioners present, or the majority of them, on any application for the purpose, are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so aftefted twice, on proof that such person has paid the said duties in another place, to the satisfaction of the commissioners present, or the majority of them.

Every person called upon to give lifts, shall, at the same time, make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the number of servants respectively, which he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular parishesor parish, districts or district, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other servants respectively, so as that every such lift or declaration shall contain the whole nomber of fenrants retained by such masteror mistress within the kingdom of Great Britain ; and the said assessors shall enter the lift or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver the said lift or declaration to the surveyor for each parish or district; in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

The assessors shall be at liberty, if they shall find that any servant or servants is or are omitted in such lifts, to surcharge the same.

The assessors shall deliver their assessments to the of within three months after their appointment, which of are to sign the same, and appoint collectors, &c. who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so aftefted, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors under the before-mentioned acts may insped the lifts before they are signed, and amend them ; and if they dil-cover any omissions after the lifts are signed, they are to certify the same to the commissioners.

Where any person liable to defiver such lifts or declaration as aforementioned to the assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift or lifts, or declaration, to such afte&r or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of id.

And where any afteftor or surveyor shall make a surcharg upon any person, such surcharge shall be made after the rat

0

f

1

T

J

i


IS

t

I

EC

at

si1

i»!

i

r

K

f

:SJ;

Servants. 407

of double the duty of the servant so omitted ; and the adessor or surveyor so making such surcharge, shall have and receive for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every fur-charge which shall be justly made upon aoy such lilt or declaration.

Inhabitant householders are to deliver lids of lodgers who *5 G. 3. c. 4^. keep servants, containing the names of the parties, on penalty Lifts ot lodge* of 10I.

Persons over-rated mav appeal to the of; and jd< the said com mi Hi oners, or any two or more of them, shall hear Appeal to com-and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to miilionera. the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her lid or lids, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall not assign suficient cause for such ' omidion. At the time of hearing the same appeal, a lid or lids shall be produced, by or on the part of the appellant, upon his or her oath, of the greated number of servants, liable to the aforesaid duties, of such appellant, within the district or limits of the place where such appeal shall be made, which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every year, with such description and explanation, and also such lid or declaration as to other districts, as is herein-before required ; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined, on the days appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts hertin-before mentioned with ref-ped to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

Commissioners are notvto make any abatement in the charge, jj.

See. unless it shall appear, on oath, that the appellant is over- Commissionet* rated. limited.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give at the lead ten days notice thereof to the surveyor, or afiedors, of such inten- Notice 5n case tion to appeal; and such surveyor, inspector, and aflefibr, and of appeal, appellant, shall have full liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and the determination of the said of on the same. The said of, upon every such appeal, although they shall confirm the fur-charge of such adedors, or surveyor or inspector, may remit and drike off the penalty herein-before directed to be paid to such adessor, Sec. surcharging such lid, if any doubt shall arise. Surcharge, whea whether the servant so surcharged was rateable within the abated, meaning of this act.

If such surcharge was falsely and vexatiously made, then, U. such surveyor. Sec. so surcharging, shall forfeit and incur such v*,t,ou» fttr-penalties and punishment, as in and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be in Hided on surveyors, or inspedors or adedors, for neglect of duty.

All appeals, once heard and determined by the said com-vnidioners of this act, or any two or more of them, or the ma- Appeal* final* jor part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed

408

*5 O. ?. «. 4V e*crpc to kind's bench, Se

W.

Faymentl «1-eady made Hand «*

F*ymenti, where m.de.

To what fund fplicd.

Above to!, how recuveied.

ITptder aoj. before two juoiices.

Application of ftaaliy.

OlTtetra to

Id.

i/mvted time 01 luita.

Servants.

pointed for hearing appeals, shall be final, except that persons dissatisfied may, in England, appeal to the coort of king's bench ; and in Scotland, to the court[of session.

Notwithanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said juDices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said comtnillioners shall stand, with respect to the payments which shall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any stich justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

The monies arising from this act shall be paid into the exchequer, and entered separate from all others.

Fifty-one thousand pounds, part of the duties arising by this act, shall be carried to the fund, commonly called the sinking fund ; and the remainder of the duties shall be a fund for the payment of the annuities, payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intitled. act for granting an-

nuities to satisfy certain navy, <vi Quailing, and tran/pert and ordnance debentures %

Every penalty above twenty pounds, shall be recovered, in England, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; or in the court of session, in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information ; one moiety of every penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Where the penalty doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof, either by confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of non-payment, shall be levied by distress and sale of theoffender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of such county, division, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such justices shall think most proper.

All constables and headboroughs, and other his Majesty's officers, are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them di-rested by the respective of hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

All actions, suits, or informations, for any offence again! this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence

committed.

I

j

V

I

I

I

i

I

1

Servants.

committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defenee; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

N. B. It may not be improper in this place to take notice, that where persons partially employing a gardener, not living in the family, to take care of their garden, in common with other gardens, or employing the same person by the year, or ©therwife, to take care of the garden, and to do other services in husbandry, &c. have thought themselves aggrieved, by being charged with the duties on servants, and the matter has been referred to the judges 5 the determination has been given in favour of the assessor; although, in some cases, fix different persons are assessed for employing the same gardener, whether by the year, month, or week : But under-labourers by the week are not included.

Servants' Characters.

MANY false and counterfeit characters of servants having cither been given personally, or in writing, by evil disposed persons being, or pretending to be, the mailer, mirtrefs, retainer, or superintendant of such servants, or by persons who have actually retained such servants in their respective service, contrary to truth and justice, and to the peace and security of his Majesty's subjects: And the evil herein complained of 'being not only difiicolt to be guarded against, but also of great magnitude, and continually increasing, and no sufficient remedy having hitherto been applied: From and after the fird day of July 1792, if any person or persons shall falsely personate any mader or midrefs, or the executor, administrator, agent, or servant of any such mader or midrefs, and shall either personally, or in writing, give any false, forged, or counterfeited character to any person offering him or herself to be hired as a servant into the service of any person or persons, every such person or persons so offending, shall forfeit and undergo thejpenalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant has been hired or retained for any period of time whatsoever, or in any dation or capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in G g g which

4°9

*5 G> J- e.

Gardener r»-ing various persons, chargeable to all.

3* G. 3. €, 56.

Ill effecti of false characters.

Persons giving them liable to be pumshed.

Person falsify. ing abou* fer-vanu' hiring,

410'

3* G. 3. 56.

or r bout fft-?aot»' discharge*

Srrvants g»*ing ftife accvuuta.

Servants pre-feuding not to luxe served.

Convi£lion before two jolliers*

Penalty sol. Application of penalty.

Informer fl competent witness.

Exemption to ottenoer? giving information*

Servants.

which he, she, or they shall hare hired or retained such servant, such person or persont, so offending at aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punifi&ment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persont shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant wat discharged or left his, her, or their service at any other time than that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such service, or that any such fenrant had not been hired or employed in any previous service, contrary to truth, that then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person shall offer himself or herself as a servant, afferting or pretending that he or she hath served in any service in which such servant shall not actually have served, or with a false, forged, or counterfeit certificate of his or her chara$er, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons having before been in service, shall, when offering to hire himself, herself, or themselves as a servant or servants in any service whatsoever, falsely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous service as a servant, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or person shall be convicted of any or either of the offence or offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their con-session, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more jollices of the peace for the county. Sec. where the offence or offences shall have been committed (which oath such justices are hereby impowered and required to administer), every such offender or offenders shall forfeit the sum of 20I. one moiety to the person informing, and the other moiety thereof for the use of the poor of theparifli wherein the offence shall have been committed; perfous not paying the penalty with cods, or not giving notice of appeal. may be committed to the house of correction, or forae other prifoa of the county. Sec. there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, or until he or she pay the said sum so forfeited, together with the colls and charges.

The informer shall be deemed and taken to be a good and competent witness in law, notwithstanding he shall be entitled to a part of the penalty.

Offenders discovering accomplices before information, shall he indemnified ; if any servant or servants, who shall have been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, shall, before any information has been given or lodged against him, her, or them, for such offence, discover and inform against any person or persons concerned with him, her, or them, in any offence

Servants' Characters. 411

fence against this act, so as such offender or offenders be con- 31C. 3. r. 56* victed of such offence in manner aforesaid, every such servant or servants, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified of, from, and against all penalties and punishmentsj to which, at the time of such information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this act.

Justices may cause convictions to be drawn of in the following form:

Be it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B, is convicted before us two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of

[specijy ing the offence, and the time and place

when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be, ]

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year aforesaid.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarcer-feiTion, where the matter may be finally determined id a fumfiiary way, and such costs awarded to the parties appealing or appealed against, as the justices shall think proper; and no conviction or order shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari*

Sessions.

THE sessions of the peace i9 a court of record, holden be- Bolt, 185.

fore two or more justices, whereof one is of the quorum, Court of record for execution of the authority given them by the commission [°J"culc tkc of the peace, and certain statutes and acts of parliament.

Such sessions only are properly called general quarter-fef-lions, which are holden in the four quarters of the year, in Howdif-pursuance of the 2 H,5, any other sessions holden at any other *®au»fhe4» time for the general execution of the justices* authority, may be properly called general sessions, and those holden on a special occasion for the execution of iome particular branch of their authority, may properly be called special sessions*

The justices shall keep their sessions in every quarter of the iz c, to* yearatleaft, and for three days, if need be; to wit, in the At what period* first week after the feast of St, Michael, in the first week after beid* the Epiphany, in the first week after Easter, and in the first week after St* Thomas, and more often, if need be.

Except in Middlesex; where the justices shall keep their uH 6.1.4* sessions twice in the year at least, and more often (if need be) Middlesea for any riot or forcible entry within the said county* fessioni*

N. B. How many adjournments soever fhaW be holden af- BBr9m ^ ter wards in that quarter of the year, all shall refer to the first commencement of the sessions.

Any two justices, one whereof is of the quorum, by the word# of the commission of the peace, may issue their precept who may sum*

/ G g g 2 to mo° Mb®*

Form of con« vi&ioa.

Power of appeal.

412

a flaw. 41. hv precept to the JhciitF.

Sessions.

to the sheriff to summon a session, for the general execution of their authority ; and such session, Holden at any time within that quarter of a year, is a general quarter fession.

Any two such justices may direct their precept under their teftc to the sheriff, for the summons of the sessions, thereby commanding him to return a grand jury before them, or their fellow justices at a certain day and place, and to give notice to all dewards, constables, and bailiffs of liberties, to be prew sent and do their duties at such day and place, and to proclaim in proper places throughout his bailiwick, that such sessions will be holden at such day and place, and to attend there him* self to do his duty.

A nd such precept should bear telle, or be dated fifteen days before the return.

The sheriff also shall cause a jury to appear at such days atfd places, as the said justices, or such two or more of them as aforesaid shall appoint.

1. The justices of the peace are compellable to appear at the sessions; for without their appearance, the sessions cannot be holden.

But a judice ought not to join in an order at sessions wherein himself is concerned, nor ought his name to be in the cap* tion. An order was quashed for that reason.

2. Thecuflos rotulorum ought tube there himself, or by his deputy, who is the clerk of the peace. — 3. The sheriff also, by himself or his deputy ; to receive the fines, to return jurors, to execute process, and what else to his office doth appertain. — 4. All coroners. — 5. The high condables, and all other officers to whom any warrant hath been directed, in order to make return thereof. — 6. All bailiffs of hundreds and liberties, as they are bound to give an account of all sessions-process. — 7. The gaoler, to bring thither his prisoners, and to receive such as may be committed. — 8. The keeper of the house of correction, to give in a calendar, and account of persons in his custody. — 9. All persons returned by the sheriff, by virtue of the aforesaid precept. And the jurors not appearing according to their summons, are punishable by loss of issues, which usually make part of the edreats of sessions. — 10. AH persons returned by recognizance to answer, or to prosecute and give evidence.

All persons may freely attend at the sessions for the advance* Persons attend- ment of public judice, and for the fenrice of the king. And ing. how pro- they are invited thither by a certain freedom of access, and by ceded. protection from common arred.

G. t c 46* Person as Solicitor, attorney, or agent, or f«e

Attorney to be' out any p*<*cfs at any general or quarter-sessions, either with imoiled. respect to matters of a criminal or civil nature, unless be is ad-

mitted and inrolled according to law, on pain of 50I. to him who shall sue in 12 months, with treble costs*

JVt'/, Irtt

35*

Lamb 38*. j ury summoned.

Datt. c. 1S5. Justice's duty to appear.

Sa/k. 607.

Justice not to join where he is concerned. Datt. C. 185. Who are required or supposed to be prelcot.

furor* not appearing. how punishable.

U

Where

Sessions.

« Where authority is given to two justices to do any act, the 13 sessions may do it in all cases, except where appeal is directed l to the sessions.

Justices may issue their warrants for apprehending persons & charged with crimes within the cognizance of the sessions, and x bind them over to appear there, although the offender be not ;j» yet indicted.

z If jarifdiction be given to the sessions, to hear and deter-g mine, and doth not say by information, this shall be by in-g. distment, and not upon information.

^ The sessions is all as one day, and the justices may alter theirjudgments at any time whilst it continues.

It seemeth certain, that the sessions hath no authority to amerce any justice, for his non-attendance at the icffions, as ^ the judges of assize may for the absence of any such justice at ^ the gaol delivery : Inter pares non eft.

The sessions may proceed to outlawry in cases of indictments found before them : But they cannot issue a capias,

but must return the record of the outlawry into the king's bench, and thence process of capias utlagatum. shall issue. g The sessions cannot award an attachment for contempt in not complying with their orders; but the ordinary and proper method is by indictment.

The justices are not punishable for what they do in sessions : Unless there be some manifest act of oppression, or wilful abuse 1 of power.

The justices being met, the usual course is with three o-yes to proclaim the sessions, and then read the commission of the peace: Then the grand jury are called and sworn, and the

'? charge given to them.

If there be any who are to take their oaths, in order to qua-Jl lify them for offices, this must be done between the hours of f nine and twelve in the forenoon, and not otherwise.

The king's proclamation against profaneness and immorality ? is also to be read; and likewise divers acts of parliament;

against popery, the riot aft, the black aft, the act about ale f measures, and about burying in woollen, are required to be given in charge at the sessions 5 the acts concerning jurors are

to be read in Midsummer sessions yearly; and the statute ^ against bribery and corruption in cleft ions of members of parliament is to be read at every Easter sessions.

? Then the recognizances may be called, especially such as are A to prosecute and give evidence, that so bills may be drawn 0 and prepared.

Upon appeals to be made to the sessions against judgments f or orders, the justices shall cause any defect of form in such t original judgments or orders, to bereftified and amended, and 0 then shall proceed upon the merits.

j In case of trespais and assault, the court frequently recommends to the defendant to talk with the prosecutor, that is,

to

4*3

I. Raym. 4:6. Power of fcl-(ions.

1 H.H. 579^ Justices may bind over,

Dalt. c. 191.

by indiftrnenf, if not other-wile mentioned.

2 Sa/k. 606.

The whole time of ielliou as one day.

2 Haw. 41, 41* Justice not rineable for absence.

ai J. c. 4. a H, H.52.

Warrant to take an outlaw from king's bench.

Sejj: c. v. 2.

176.

Sessions may indict for contempt.

t Barnardift*

249, 250.

Justices. when punishable.

Dalr. e. 185. Sessions, hovr opened.

25 C. 2. e, » Oaths, when taken.

5 EL c.I.

1 G. c. 5.

9 G. c. 22.

11 & % tr. c.

30 C. i. c. 3.

4 & 5 W. c.24. 7 e* s tr. c. 3*.

3 &4 An. c.

18.

3 G. a. c. 251

2 G 2. e. 24. Dalt. c* 185.

5 G. 2. c 19. Defers of fora rc&ified.

Cro. Cir, 5*. Defendant to talk with pro* fccuter.

414

Sessions

Cr9. Cir. 51* Defendant pleading guilty.

15 FJ. c 9*

Justicea aiay act when the coounifliou expires.

Acts giving jurisdiction to coaunidioners.

a* & 13 x.

t. 7 i

Killing in the nighty felony*

Id.

Penalty for maiming, ice.

14(7. a. e. 6. Stealing steep*

Id.

Reward for profecoting lender.

to make amends for the injury done him; and if the prok cutor comes and acknowledges a satisfaction received, the court will only set a small fine on the defendant.

Sometimes the prosecutor and defendant agree, before the defendant pleads to the indictment; and then the defendant comes into court in his proper person, and pleads guilty to the indictment; and upon proving, by a subscribing witness, a general release executed by the prosecutor, the defendant fob* mits to a small fine, such as the court is pleased to impose.

Sewers.

FOR one year after the expiration of a commission of few-ers, the justices of the peace, or fix of them (2 ^.) may execute the powers of the said commission, q ale fs a new com-raisiion shall be issued in the mean time.

For the power and authority of these of, fee 23 H. 8. c. 5. 25 H.8. c. 10. 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 8. 7. jin. c. to — *

Besides which general acts, there are others which concern the cities of London and Westminster only, and qther places within the bills of mortality*

Sheep.

IF any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously and willingly kill any (beep, he shall be guilty of felony ; but to avoid judgment of death, he may make his eleClion to be transported for seven years. And three justices (1 j?.) may hear and determine the same.

If any person shall in the night-time maliciously maim, wound, or otherwise hurt any sheep, whereby the same is not killed, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages, by action of trespass. Or on the case.

If any person shall drive away, or flea! any sheep or lamb, or shall wilfully kill any sheep or lamb, with a felonious intent to (leal the carcase, or any part thereof; or shall assist in committing any the said offences, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecuteto conviction any such offender, shall have a reward of 10I.; in order to which, he shall have a certificate signed by the judge, before the end of the assizes, certifying such conviction, and where the offence was committed, and that the offender was apprehended and prosecuted by the person claiming the reward ; and if more than one claim the reward, he shall therein

Sheep.

4*5

z n appoint what share shall be paid to each claimant; which ^certificate being tendered to the sheriff, he shall pay the same t vithin a month, without deduction, on pain of forfeiting -louble, with treble costs.

:c:

J Sheriff.

THE sheriff hath a jurisdiction both in criminal and civil 3 3*.

cases ; and for this purpose he hath two courts, his torn Sheriffs power* ror criminal causes, which is therefore the king's court; the courW* >ther is his county-court for civil causes, and this is the court

)f the sheriff himself.

jz The sheriff having a justice of the peace's warrant directed :::o him, shall execute the Fame; he need not go in person to execute it, but may authorize another to do it.

On summons, he is bound to attend the sessions of the peace, ::l*here to return his precepts, to take the charge of the prisoners, to receive fines for the king, and the like.

,1; It seems clear, that the sheriff is punishable by the justices ;;n sessions, for defaults in executing their writs and precepts.

No sheriff shall exercise the office of a justice of the peace, n any county wherein he is sheriff, and in such case, his acts is a justice shall be void.

Jf the gaoler suffer a felon voluntarily to escape, this, inaf-aiuch as it reacheth to life, is felony only in the gaoler, but the (herifFmay be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

2 Haw. S6.

Sheriff's duty*

2 Haw. 41*

To attend t % sessions, if summoned. a Haw, 142. Panifhable for i)eglect.

1 Mar.JrJJ', 2*

Cannot act u 1 justice.

. H. H. 597. Answerable foe felua's escape.

t Shire-Hall.

justices in sessions, on presentment of the grand-jury 9 G. 3.

% at the assizes, of the ill (late and condition of the shire- Wh.° mat °*~

ball, or other building commonly used for holding the assizes, bett*

and the necessity of repairing the same, may order it to be rc- P paired in such manner as they shall think fit, and the money >to be levied as for other county rates.

If there be occasion for sudden repairs (which will not cod <more than 30I.), two justices, after having viewed the same. Two jufHccioa an estimate having been made by able workmen of the ex- *n emergency, pence thereof, may order it to be repaired, and the money to i be levied as aforesaid, in like manner as if it had been presented by a grand jury.

But where the same hath for timeout of mind been repaired TJ»

,*t the expence of any particular places or persons ; or any par-vticular places or persons are bound by law and ancient usage ,cu 4f , ,to furnish the same with benches, tables, rails, or other fixtures, they shall continue liable as before*

The

Shire-Hall

416

14 G. 3. r. 59. The justices, in their quarter-sessions, may direffc the shire* ( VenuUior*. hall or ocher court of justice, within their jurisdiction, to bf I properly ventilated: The expences thereof to be paid outc: the general county-rate.

13 14 C. a.

c. 15.

Silk throws* mud have served seven years.

9 & IO

e 43.

Imported fillet*

/./.

Penalty on importing other than ia London*

Counterfeit seal or mark.

Id.

Search may he made*

Id.

Application of penalties.

3 G. 3. c* *1.

3;c. 48. Importation of ribband*.

Silks.

NO person shall exercise the trade of a silk thrower, oa-" less he hath served seven years apprenticeship; on pain of 40s. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shal' fuc in any court of record, or at the assizes, or quarter-fefioci of the peace.

No foreign iilks, called alamodes or lutedrings, shall be imported, but in the port of London, on notice fir (I given to the I of of the customs, and licence had from them. ( And if they be imported elsewhere, or without such notice \ and licence, and the duties paid, they shall be forfeited, or the I value thereof, and be (old and exported again ; and the of* ' fender, and also the receiver and person offering to fell the same, shall forfeit 500I. — And the of shall mfe them to be marked and sealed : And if any person shall counterfeit the custom-house seal, or seal of the luteftring company, he shall forfeit 500I. and be set in the pillory two hoars. Any person, who shall buy and sell, or have in his coftedy auv j alamodes or luteftrings, sealed or marked with a counterfeit I seal or mark, shall forfeit the same and 100I.

Any person authorized by a writ of assistance under the feii of the exchequer, or with a con (fable or other public officer, inhabiting near the place, with a warrant from a justice of the peace, and in the day-time, may enter any house, (hop, or other place, to search for and seize any alamodes or Juteftring? < imported contrary to this act, or not sealed or marked, e? marked with a counterfeit .mark or seal; and in case of refill* ance, may break open doors, chests, trunks, and other package ; and every justice shall grant such warrant to aoy credible person, making oath that he hath reason to suspect or believe, that there are some of the said silks so fraudulently is* ported or not sealed and marked, or sealed or marked with j counterfeit seal or mark in the place or places where he is* tends to search. [

The said penalties shall be two-thirds to the king, and third to him that shall seize or sue in any court of record.

If any person shall import any ribbands, laces, or gird!??, not made in Great-Britam, the same shall be forfeited, 1 may be seized by any officer of the customs; and the importer, vender, and retailer, in whose custody they shall be found, shall forfeit respectively 2ool. with cods. Half the said p< I

naldt I

>. . Silks. 417

K

2 fialties to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall in* 3 £ 3« 4* form and prosecute.

When the goods seized, (being out of the limits of the bills IJ. of mortality) shall not exceed the value of 20I. two justices, Two justices on information before them that such goods were seized as un-duly imported, may hear and determine the same, and pro* ceed to condemnation or discharge.

And after seizure, until condemnation or discharge, the jj.

said goods shall be deposited in one of the king's warehouses. Where depo- if the seizure be within the bills of mortality ; elsewhere, in sited *".the ^ the hands of the chief magistrate or constable: And the same mean shall be free to inspection, with leave of the court, judge, or justices, before whom the prosecution shall be.

And after condemnation, the said goods shall be publicly sold by the candle for exportation ; half of the produce by such sold when con* ::I sale to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall (eize demned.

'* and secure the same. H*lf to the

And on information in writing upon oath, before two juf-: tices, that there is good reason to suspect, that ribbands, 3(7. 3.*.a*, f laces, or girdles have been imported, and are in the poflession & 5 3.

^of any retailer or feller of ribbands. they may issue their e 4»* '^warrant to the constable or other peace officer, impowering him to

rto search, in the day-time, the houses, outhouses, and other e*rc *

; places of such persons, and (if the same shall be found) to (eize 5 and carry away the same, and dispose thereof as is aforesaid. t!f: If any person, in whose possession such goods shall be seized, //,

> (]iall discover upon oath before one justice the person who fold Seller con-i the same to him, so as he may be convicted as the feller there- vifled. r-of, such person shall be discharged of all penalties and forfeit- ^ffcnder d»f-'.-ures inflicted by this att on venders or retailers having such c ar*e *

^goods in their possession.

If any foreign manufactured silk (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, shall be imported into this kingdom, or any part of silk flocking* -the British dominions; the same shall be forfeited, and liable or gloves im-to be searched for and seized as other uncustomed goods ; and ported*

(every person who shall import the same, or be assisting therein,

,^and the venders and retailers in whose custody they shall be found, or who shall sell or expose the same to sale, or conceal ,4hem with intent to prevent the forfeiture, shall, over and above the forfeiture of the goods, forfeit 200I. with cods;

' -half to the king, and half to the officer who shall inform and r arofecute.

And when the goods seized (being out of the limits of the w ...pills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of 20I. two juf- Two justices, Vices may proceed to the condemnation thereof: And the pro- if under aoU ceedings, in all other respects, shall be in like manner as in vhe cale of ribbands and laces above-mentioned.

i H h h Slander. '

Slander.

41$

& Salk. 698.

1 Ktb. 931* Slander, *hen cognizable before j-uftlc<». Id.

Not matter! of private dander.

WORDS which directly tend to abreaeh of the peace, as if one man challenge another, are cognizable before justices of the peace, for which the party My be bound to the good behaviour, and even indited.

But if they do not tend directly to a breach of the king's peace, but are matters only of private Bander between party and party, which no way affect the public administration of justice, justices of the peace have not any jurisdafthaa at all in such matters.

tSG.y. c. 7t. Licence to b« taken out.

CWtifi«*tet* ho brought*

Id.

Copy of licence in clerk of

peace a boost.

u:

InscriptTdh oft houses.

Id.

Notice to in-spe&or.

Limited hours f'tr killing or flaying cattle.

Slaughtering Horles.

FROM July 20, 1786, every person keeping a flaughterieg house, shall take out a licence for that purpose, at the general quarter-session's for the county. wherein such

Slaughtering house shall be situate; upon a certificate, trader the hands and seals of the minider and churchwardens, or bverfeers, or of the minider and two or more substantial bondholders Of the pariflt wherein the persons applying for such licence shall dwell, that such persons are fit and proper to be truded with the management and carrying on such bu finds.

Every such licence shall be signed by the justices of tfe* peace assembled at such general quarter-sessions, or by the mayor part of them ; and a copy of every such licence shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the peace; and alt persons shall have liberty, at all tines (Sundays excepted), between the hoars of ten and twelve :a the forenoon, to search the office of such clerk of the peace, and to make an extract or extracts from the same, paying fc; < every such search the sum of sixpence.

Persons licensed shall affix to their houses the words fir Jlaughtering horses, pursuant to an aQ passed in tbt i

year of hit Mnjejfy King George the third.

Every occupier of such licensed flaughterrog house shall, fix hours previous to the killing of any horse, mare, &c. or ©thr cattle, which shall not be killed for the purpose of batcher*; meat, and previous to the flaying any toch cattle, brotpt j dead to such slaughtering house, give notice in writing person to be appointed as inspector, to the intent that fact inspector may, before such horse, or other cattle, lb all be led or flayed, take an' exalt account and description of tk height, age, colour, and particular marks of such cattk brought alive or dead for the purposes aforesaid ; and no son cattle shall be killed, or flayed, but between the boon eight of the clock in the morning, and four of the clock intis Evening, during the months t>fOctober, November, Deere ber, January, February, and March; and between thebor

*Pl f

to 11

ficiJ

y

I

Slaughtering Horses.

<jf fix dfthe clock in the morning and four of the clock in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, Au-|J' goft, and September, in every year.

^ Every person, so licensed, shall, at the time any horse, mare, 'w &c. or any other cattle, shall be brought for the purpose of slaughtering, or flaying, make an entry in a book, to be kept for that purpose, in a fair legible hand, of the name, and* place of abode, and profession, of the owner thereof, and abb «f the person who shall bring the same to be (laughtered, or' & Hayed, and the reason or reasons why the same is brought to be killed, or flayed; which book shall at all times be open for the perusal and examination of the inspector to be appointed under this act ; and every such licensed person shall attend r with such book before one justice of the peace for the county, & Ac. where such licensed (laoghtering house shall be situate, when required, by warrant, under the hand and seal of such si justice of the peace so to do, and shall like wife produce the & same at every general quarter-sessions of the peace which shall i be held in and for the said county.

is The parishioners assembled in vestry shall appoint inspectors, i who shall in person, or by his or their servant or servants, at-rK tend at the (laughtering house, and there take such account $ and description as herein-before directed; and shall keep a ttj- book, and make an entry of every such account and descrip-,ii tion ; and shall, for every entry, receive of every person carry-j. ing on such business, sixpence.

$ The inspector's book may be searched from eight A. M. to $ five P. M. in the winter months, and from fix A. M. to eight

jj? P. M. in the summer, on paying sixpence.

^ Every inspector shall cause to be painted, over the door of if his house, his name, and the wonls,

j places for slaughtering horses If such inspector shall have reason

to believe that any horse, mare. See. or other cattle, is or are free from disease, and in a found and serviceable date, or that the same has been stolen, or unlawfully come by, he shall have power to prohibit the slaughtering or killing of such cattle,

for any time not exceeding the space of eight days; and in

^ the mean time, shall cause an advertisement to be inserted in

^ the Daily Advertiser, or some public newspaper circulated in

the county where such slaughtering house (nail be situated,

; twice or oftener, unless the owner of such cattle shall sooner

. j claim the same, or satisfactorily inform the said inspector that ^ he sent or delivered, or caused the said horse, or other cattle, j to be delivered for the purpose of being (laughtered or killed, ^ the expence of inserting such advertisement to be paid by the , { occupier of such slaughtering house to such infpcdlor : And in \ case such occupier of such slaughtering house shall refuse to J defray or pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted on the

oath of any such inspector as aforesaid, before any one justice j of the peace for the county or district wherein such slaughter-£ ing house or place shall be fitoated, he, she, or they, shall for-

H h h 2 feit

tSV.' 3 l

Entry in a book*

Id.

Vestry to appoint infpcc-tors.

How paid.

InspeAor'o book searched.

Inscription on

inspetior'a

house.

Inspectoi'a

duty.

Expence of ad* vertisement.

420

>6 O. j. 7'-by whom p*'d» Penalty on tufittf.

Form of conviction*

Id.

Inspe (for's authority.

Account to be ^iren to in-spe&w.

If suspected to be ftoleu, how Co *&.

Slaughtering Horses,

felt double the amount of the charge of such adverti Cement or

advertiiements, to be raised by distress acid sale of the good* and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the h?nd and seal of any such justice as aforesaid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows:

A, B. is convicted,on the oath of C. D. inspeQorof and

places for jlaughttring horses, for tki of E. in county of

F. of refusing to pay iht sum of e.xpence of an advert ifeseunt or advert if counts (as the case may be)

inserted in the Daily Advertisert or some other public ue*wjpaper circulated in the county (as the case may be) pur jaunt to the -ted ions of the statute in that case mode and.

Given und'T "9 hand and this day

c/ C. M

Every inspector so appointed may, at all times, to the day Or night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a con* table, go to, enter into, and inspect any house or place kept for slaughtering or killing horses by any person or persons licensed as aforeuid ; and also any liable, or other building, to fee if any horse, mare. Sec. or other cattle, have been brought there, and to take an account thereof; and every person so licensed, shall permit any such inspector, to enter into and in spe& such house or place, and to take such account as is herein-before directed.

If any person or persons who shall offer to sale, or shall bring any horse, mare. Sec. or other cattle, to any person or persons keeping such slaughtering house, to be killed, or being dead, to be flayed, shall not be able, or shall refute to give a f.iti». factory account of the means by which the same came into his, or their possession; the person or persons keeping such slaughtering house, and also the said inspector or inspedors, may seize and detain such person or persons; and also every such horse, mare. Sec, or other cattle, and deliver such perfoa or persons, into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before a justice of the peace, where the offence shall be committed; and if such justice shall, upon examination, have cause to suspect that such horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, is or hath been (tolen or unlawfully obtained, such justice may commit such person or persons into safe custody, for any time not exceeding the space of flx days, in order to be further examined ; and if, upon either of the said ex. aminations, such justice shall be satisfied, that such horse, mare. Sec or other cattle, is or are stolen, or illegally obtained, the fiid justice is hereby authorized and required to commit the person or persons so bringing or offering the same to sale, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, &c. wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

If any person or persons shall, at anytime from and after the twentieth day of July, 1786, (laughter any horse, mare, or

gelding,

Slaughtering Horses.

gelding. Sec. or other cattle, for any other purpose than for

butcher's meat, or shall flay dny such cattle, brought dead to such slaughtering house, without such licence, or without giving such notice as aforesaid, or shall kill, or flay the same, a; any time other than within the hours herein-before limited, or shall not delay killing the same, according to the direction of such inspector, such person or persons being thereof con* vitted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be pu-niflicd by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, as the court shall direct, or shall be transported beyond the seas for any time not exceeding fevep years.

If any person or persons, keeping or using any such (laughtering house, shall throw into any lime-pit, or rub with any corrosive matter, or destroy the hide or (kin of any horse, mare. See. or other cattle, by him, her, or them (laughtered, killed, or flayed, or shall be guilty of any offence against this act, for which no punishment or penalty is expressly provided or declared, such person or persons, being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, as the court shall direct.

If any person or persons, so licensed, shall'make any false entry in any book, by him, her, or them kept, he, she, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before any one justice of the peace for the county. Sec.wherein such slaughtering house shall be situated (which laid oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to #dminister) shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, one moiety to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or transmitted, by the said justice, to the overseers of the poor, or one of them, £or the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offender or oifenders shall reside; and for want of distress, the said justice shall commit the offender to the house of correction, there to be confined to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, oor less than one month.

A conviction for any such offence, in the tenor or to the effect following, shall be good, to all intents and purposes: '

Tn tv It I BE it resnembered, that on thit day

1 ° 3 , in the year licensed

for slaughtering horses, isconviQcd, upon the oaths and

E. F. two credible witnesses, before one of his

justices of the peace for the county of of

having wilfully made, or caused to be made [as the case may be]

a false entry in the book required by the , that case made

and provided, to be kept by the said A. B. whereby be [ or theyj has or have forfeited the sum of

Given

42i

7.6 G. 3-c. 7i*

Person* offend, ing against this act, how ptt. nifhable.

Id.

Other offence* against tint ad*

False entries, ho# punished*

Form of cm.

viction.

L»

422

#6 G, j, c. 7U

Infpxftor'i kook* at the quit ter>fcffiont.

M

Penalty on l«nd-^ing an wnli-<tailed kouXe,

Application of fonalty*

Form of con-

aidiuo.

Cutrleri, &c. exempted.

Collarimakers attempting to evade ihia act.

Slaughtering Horses.

Given nnJer my hand and seal ,the day and year

above written*

The inspector's books shall be produced at the quarter sessions for the county wherein any such licence shall be granted, and delivered to the justices of the peace at such general quarter-sessions.

If any person or persons shall occasionally lend any bonfe, barn, liable, or other place, for the purpose of (langhtering or killing any horse, mare. Sec. or other cattle, which shall not be killed for butcher's meat, without taking out such licence, as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any jo dice of the peace for the county. See.wherein such person or persons shall reside, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, he, she, or they shall forfeit, upon conviction, for every such offence, any sura not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed ; and ip case such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such judice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid ; the form of such conviction shall be as follows, or to the like effect:

To wit. J remembered,that on thit day of jf. B.

was convicted,upon the oath of two credible

before me, C. D, one of bit Majesty's jufiicet of the peace for the county of , for occasionally lending a house for as the case may be], for the purpose of horses [or,

as the case may be, of Jlaughtering cattle for other than

for butcher's meat], without a licence for that according to the Jlatule in that case made and.

Given under my band and the day and

year above written*

This att shall not extend to any currier, felt-maker, tanner* or dealer in hides, who shall kill any distempered or aged horse, mare, gelding, &c. or other cattle, or purchase any dead horse, mare, gelding, &c. of other cattle, for the bona fide purpose of felling, using, or curing the hide or hides thereof, in the course of their respective trades; nor to any farrier employed to kill aged and didempered cattle, nor to any person or persons who shall kill any horse, mare, gelding, drc. or other of their own or other cattle, to feed their own hounds or dogs, or to give away the ftclh thereof for the like purposes.

If any collar-maker, currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, or farrier, or other person, shall, under colour of their respective trades or occupations, knowingly or willingly kill any found or useful horse, gelding, mare, &c. or boil or otherwise cure the flesh thereof for the purpose of felling the same ; such collar-maker, and other tradesman or person, shall be deemed and taken to be an offender within the meaning of

this

Slaughtering Horses.

r this act, and shall, for every such offence, forfeit any (urn not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds.

:i Any justice of the peace before whom complaint shall be n made for any offence against this act, may fumraon such per-$on or persons, other than the party or parties complained against, as he shall think proper, to give evidence touching t{ any offence committed against this act ; and in case such per-

jf son or persons shall wilfully refuseor neglect to attend, or give

evidence touching such offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, or (land committed to the common

as or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three

^ calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be fboner paid.

^ Any inhabitant of the parish where any offence against this act shall be committed, shall, upon any complaint or hearing

before any justice or justices of the peace, or upon any trial or ^ examination by virtue of this act, be deemed a competent wit- aefs, notwithstanding his or her contributing to any of the ^ rates or dues to such parish ; or being a poor person relieved

or relievable by the said parish, and entitled as such to receive any benefit or interest from any penalty or penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the directions of this act.

If any person or persons shall be prosecutedi for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead r- the general issuet and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, treble costs shall be awarded against the plain-,J tiffs, '

I*

ft1

t Smuggling.

*' T Fany vessel shall be found at anchor within the limits of X any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast, unless by distress of weather, having on board any

# brandy or other spirituous liquors in a cafle containing less than 60 gallons, except only for the use of seamen, after the

u* rate of two gallons for each, or having on board any wine in

*' calks, such ship being less than sixty tons burthen, or having

J'! on board 61b. of tea, or 2olb. of coffee, or any prohibited goods,

fS[ such vessel, with its cargo, shall be forfeited.

If any person, after October i, 1784., whether on (bore, or if at sea, shall maliciously (hoot at any ship belonging to his Mato* jesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, within the limits of any port, or within four leagues of the coast; or $ shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or dangerousty wound any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, in the execution of his duty, he shall suffer death as a felon. i* If any person be charged with an offence, made felony by if this act, before one or more justices of the peace, or before one i* of

423

26 C. 3* c. 7U

Jafticet, h#w to act.

Penalty on re-

fusing to give, evidence.

Inhabitant a legal witness.

General issue. Treble costs.

*4C-

t. 47.

What vessel and c vo forfeited.

Id

Attack on any. vessel or officec in Icing's service.

Id.

Offender, haw dealt wiiii.

424

Smuggling

U.

Pen alt? on ob-

of the ju dices of king's-bench, if in England ; or if in ScON land, before one of the lords of judiciary, by the oath of om or more credible person or persons, such just ice or judge shall certify and return such information to one of the principal Secretaries of date, to be laid before his Majesty in council; who may order the offender to surrender himself within 40 days to such judge, or justice, &c. who shall commit him, without bail or mainprize, to the county gaol: And if such offender

shall not surrender himself, he shall suffer death as a felon.

*4 G 3 f<jf. *, Any person harbouring such offender, after the time ap* e-47* pointed for the surrender, shall, profecu ted within a year,

kou*ing *birn an<^ convicted, be guilty of felony, and transported for (even years*

Id. ^ Any judge or justice may apprehend such offenders by the

May be tried la ordinary course of law ; and if they shall be taken and fee a red, dwr couife ot before the time appointed for their surrender shall be expired, no further proceeding shall be had on the order of cooncil, but they shall be brought to trial by due course of law.

Any person obstructing officers of the navy, customs, orex-cife, in the execution of their duty, by day or night, maybe {hutting officers carried before a justice, who shall, if he lees cause, commit in ebeir duty. such person to the county gaol,'there to remain till the next gaol delivery, and until such person shall be delivered by due course of law; and on con vision, such offender shall be sentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable river in England, for any term not exceeding three years; or he may be ordered by such court to be committed to the com-xnon gaol or houieof correction, for three years. The justice may, if he thinks (it, proceed against persons charged with obstructing officers, if it shall appear that the offence falls within the provisions of 19 G. 3. r. 69, according to that act, and commit such offenders to the county gaol, till the next quarter-sessions of the peace.

If any persons shall, by virtue of this act, be arrested and taken before any one of his Majesty's joffices of the peace, for any offence against this act, deemed a misdemeanour, such shall not be bailed, without entering into recognizance for their appearance, with two sureties, thexnselves in tool, and the said sureties in tool. each.

All horses, boats, cattle, or carriages, used in removing or conveying customable goods, are liable to forfeiture, and the seizures may be examined into, adjudged, and determined by and before any two neighbouring justices of the peace.

Justice* may proceed by 19 G.3. e. 69.

Id.

Whatrbail to be demanded.

ft.

Horses, bo*t*, and goods forfeited.

Soldiers.

Friendly Societies*

425

i TjY this act, any number of persons may form themselves 3*. S4# a n into a society, and raise among themselves a fond for *

:r their mutnal benefit, and may make rules and impose fines c and forfeitures upon such of the members as shall offend against ji such roles, orders, or regulations, as shall be just and necessary; a and may also, from time to time, alter and amend such rules,

orders, and regulations, as occasion shall require, or annul u and repeal the same, and make new rules, orders, and regu-3; lations, in lieu thereof, under such restrictions as' are in this E, aft contained.

sl The roles of such societies art to be exhibited to the justices M,

1 in quarter-sessions, or at any adjournment thereof, who may ' annul or confirm them. All such rules, orders, and regula- Roles to be ^ tions, so confirmed, shall be signed by the clerk of the peace by the at such sessions, and a duplicate thereof, being first fairly *]jj*of '

written on parchment, shall be deposited with the clerk of the posited^ with*

^ peace at such sessions, to be by him filed with the rolls of the him.

sessions there, without any fee to be paid for any matter or \ thing relating to the same, and shall be binding upon all par*

ties. No society, already established, shall be deemed or taken 'I to be within the meaning of this act, unless the rules for the government of the same shall be confirmed and filed at some ^ time before or immediately next after the feast of St. Michael,

~ in the year 1794.

No rule, order, or regulation, confirmed by the justices of fjf*

? the peace, shall be altered, rescinded, or repealed, unless at

I* a general meeting of the members of such society, in purfu- leitahut

5: ance of a requisition for that purpose, by three or more of the gensrtl meeting - members of such society, and publicly read at the two usual of ch« frdety, hJ meetings of such society to be held next before such general ^ meeting, for the purpose of such alteration or repeal, unless 'K a committee of such members shall hare been nominated for that purpose; and unless such alteration or repeal shall be made with the concurrence and approbation of three-fourths '* of the members, or by the like proportion of such committee,

;; such alterations of rules shall be subject to the reriew of the

a uarter-sessions. And no such rule, order, or regulation, mail be binding, until the same shall hare been agreed to and confirmed by the justices, and filed as aforesaid.

Every such society shall and may, from time to time, at jjt ' any of their general meetings, or by their committee, if any Society iray «p-r* such shall be appointed for that society, elect and appoint such. point officers, 'persons into the office of steward, president, warden, treasurer, or trustee of such society as they shall think proper, and also such clerks and other officers as shall be deemed necessary to carry into execution the purposes of such institotion ; and from time to time may elect ana appoint others in the room of those who shall vacate or die; such officers shall become bound, with two sufficient sureties, for the just and faithful execution

X i i of

426

Friendly Societies*

Treasurers or

trustees to gWe bond to the cirtlc of the peace j

nd other performs to the cm fureri or trustees.

Bonds not chargeable with stamp duty.

Appointment L commute eu

33 C. 3. c. 54* of such office or trail, in such penal fam or fams of money as by the major part of such society, at any such meeting as afore [aid, shall be thought expedient, and to the satisfaction of such society; and every such bond or bonds to be given by or on behalf of such treasurer or treasurers, trustee or tnrftees, shall be given to the clerk of the peace where such Society shall be established, without fee or reward; and in case of forfeiture, it shall be lawful to sue upon such bond in the name of the clerk of the peace for the time being, for the ofe of the said society; and every such bond Of bonds to be given by any other person or persons appointed to any such office or crust as aforesaid, shall be given to the treasurers or trustees as aforesaid. for the use of such society to which such officer or officers shall belong; and no bond or other fecarity to be given to or on account of any such society, or in pursuance of this act, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatever.

Every such society shall and may elect and appoint any number of the members of such society, not less than eleven, to be a committee, and shall and may delegate to such committee a!! or any of the powers given by this act to be executed. Powers of (landing committees shall be declared iir the rules or the society, confirmed by the justices of the peace at their sessions, and hied in the manner herein-before directed 5 where a committee shall be appointed for any particular por-pose, the powers delegated to such committee shall be reduced into writing $ five of the members of such committee, at lead, shall at all times be necessary to concur in any ad of such committee ; and all acts and orders of such committee shall have the like force and effect as the acts and orders of such feciety could or might have had in pursuancoof this act. The tran-sections of the committee shall be at all timessubjed and liable to the review and controul of such society.

. The treasurers or trustees for the time being, of any such society, are hereby authorized and required from time to time, by and with the consent of such society, to lay ont or dispose of such part of all such sums of money as shall at aoy time be collected, or paid to and for the benefit of such society, as the exigencies of such society shall not call for, either on private securities, to be approved as aforesaid, such fee unties to be taken in the name of such treasurer or trustee, or to invest the same in the public docks;, in the proper name or names of such treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, and from time to time, with such consent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such securities and funds, and to make foie thereof respectively.

All the dividends, interest, and proceeds, which shall from time to time arise from the monies so laid out or in veiled ts count for the u& aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be bsought to account by © the society. such trcaforer# an(j be applied to and for the ofe of such society.

The

Comndtteev eontroulable fa fcciccy.

Tif^furert or fruftees to lay oat forplu3 of Contributions,

ind to bring the proceeds to ac-

Friendly Societies, 427

The treasurer, oe trustee or trustees, for the time being, and 13 G- 3* 54*

all other officers of any such society, who shall have or receive ^ender ac &C* any part of the monies, effects, or funds of such society, or counts* ^nd pay shall in any manner have been or shall be entrusted with the over balances, management of the same, his, her, and their executors, ad. &c* ministrators, and assigns respectively, shall, upon demand made, in pursuance of any order by such society or committee,

^ive in his or their account or accounts, at a general meeting, or to such committee; and shall, on the like demand, pay over all the monies remaining in his -or their haods, and assign and transfer, or deliver all securicies, or funds taken or standing in iiis or their name or names, to the treaforer or trustee, for the time being, or such person or persons as such society shall appoint; and in-case of neglect, application may be made to the court of .chancery, or the court of exchequer in England, or the court offession in Scotland ; or the courts of great sessions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary way, and make such order therein, as to such court, in their discretion, shall seem just.

No fee shall be taken for any proceedings in such courts, for any matter or thing done in such court in pursuance of this No fee to the act 5 it shall ‘be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, the court.

Trailer of the Rolls, and Barons of the Exchequer respectively, in England, or the lords of fession in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, to assign counsel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of such court to Couofel, See* by advise and carry on such petition on the behalf of such society, whom ap-who are hereby respectively required to do their duties therein pointed, without fee or reward; and no such proceedings in such court, in pursuance of this act, shall be chargeable with any (lamp No (lamps ne« 'duty. cellary.

If any person, appointed to any office by any such society, Execut0Mf and being entrusted with or having in his hands or possession to pay money any monies or este&s belonging to such society, or any fecu- due to focietiea rities relating to the same, shall die, or become a bankrupt, or *e£ore insolvent, his executors or administrators, assignee or assignees, cbw* shall, within forty days after-demand made by the order of any such society, or the m^jor part of them assembled at any meeting thereof, deliver over ail things belonging to such society, to such person or persons as such society shall appoint; and shall pay, out of the aftets or este&s of such person, all sums of money remaining due, before any of his other debts are paid or satisfied.

All monies, and other effects belonging to such society, Effc£lsof so-shall be vested in the treasurers or trustees (or the time being, cet.es to be for the use and benefit of such society, and from and after their in the death of removal, shall vest in the succceding treasurers or ^Q^for the

trustees, without any assignment or transfer whatever; and time being, who shall, in every such proceeding (where necessary) be dated to may bring and be the property of the person or persons appointed to the of- artion»»

I i i 2 fice

428 Friendly Societies.

33 G. j. t. J4.

Societies to declare the par-pi fe of their eHibliibmeoti dec. before the confirmation their rules bj the euarter-leflionj,

and to infliff penalty for mif-application of money.

The confeat ns-ctPiry for diffolutioa of so-eictics.

Stock not di-pi ft ble but for the general par-po(es of thd society.

fice of tretforer or trnftee (as the case nay be) of such society for the time being, io his, her* or their proper name or names. And such person or persons so appointed ft all and may, in all cases concerning the property of such Ibciety, foe and be feed, plead and be impleaded, in his or their proper name or names, without other deferipdon; and no snit shall be discontinuedor abate by the death or removal of such per-fqnor persons from the said office of treaforer or trnftee, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding trea-forer or troftee, in the proper name or names of the person or persons commencing the same*

Every such foctety so to be established as aforesaid, before any of the roles, orders, or regulations thereof shall be confirmed by the justices in the manner herein-before directed, shall, in or by one or more of the generalises, orders, or regulations to be confirmed by such justices, declare all and every the intents and purposes for which such society is intended to be established; and shall also direffc all the ttfcs and

nfes to which the money, which shall from time to tine tferibed or paid, shall be appropriated and applied, and io what shares and proportions, and under what circnm dances, any member of such society, or other person, shall or may become entitled to the same, or any part thereof* And all such rules, orders, or regulations, during the continuance of the same, shall be complied with and enforced; and the monies so subscribed or paid shall not be diverted or mifap-plied, either by the treasurer or treafarers, trustee or tru flees, or any other officer or officers of such society entrofted therewith, under such penalty or forfeiture as such society shall by any general rule, order, or regulation, impose and inflict for such offence. It shall not be Tawful for any such society, by $ny role, order, or regulation, at any general meeting or otherwise, to dissolve or determine such society, so long as the intereffs or purposes declared by such society, or any of them, remain to be carried into effect, without the content and approbation of five sixths of the then existing members of such society, and also of all persons then receiving, or entitled to receive, relief from such society, either on account of sickness, age, or infirmity, to be testified under their hands, individually and respectively; nor shall it be lawful for such society, by any rule, order, or regulation, to direct the division or distribution of such (lock or fund, or any part thereof, to or amongst the several members of such society, other than for carrying into effect the general intents and pnrpofos of such society declared by them, and confirmed by the j offices of the peace as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, but all such rules, orders, or regulations for the difiolu-tion or determination of any such society, without such consent as aforesaid, or for the diilribution or division of the (lock

or

f

j

i

Friendly Societies.' 429

11 or fond of such society, contrary to the rnlesy orders, and re-11 eolations which shall have been confirmed by the said justices si at their sessions, and filed in pursuance of this act, shall be gj void and of none efified.

„ All the rules, orders, and regulations, from time to time made by such society, in the manner directed by this act, shall jj. be forthwith entered in a book or books to be kept by one or rj more of the members of such society, and shall be signed by

0 the said members, and shall at all (easonable times be open Ig for the inspection of any member of such society : Such rules

and orders shall be received in evidence before any court; and - no certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any of the ? rules and orders of any such society, into any of his Majesty's ; courts of record at Wedminiler. Any such societies may re-

ceive donations applicable to the general purposes of such so-

ciety, in the like manner as the contributions of the several fl members.

Where members think themselves aggrieved, two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or shire, li where or near unto the place where such society shall be efta-9 blished, on complaint made upon oath or afiirmation by or on f5 the behalf of such person (which oath or affirmation such juf-'f tices of the peace are hereby empowered and required to ad-

minider), may issue their summons to the preiidents, wardens, 2 dewards, or other principal officers of such society, by what-

1 ever name such principal officers shall be respectively named, or one of them, in caie such complaint shall be made against

i[ such society collectively; and in case such complaint shall be $ made against any person or persons appointed to such office or $ offices, they may then summon such person or persons to ap-fi pear before such justices at a convenient time and place, to be :< respectively named in such summons ; and also may summon If at the same time and place, if there shall be occasion, all such if persons as shall appear to such justices to have the custody of f the rules, orders, and regulations of such society; and such if justices, at the time and place named in such summons, whether the person or persons so summoned shall or shall not appear according to such summons, nevertheless, on proof upon j oath or affirmation of such summons being duly served, or left at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, shall pro-f ceed peremptorily to hear and determine, in a luminary way, the matter of such complaint, according to the true purport jjt] and meaning of the rules, orders, and regulations of such so-jf ciety, confirmed by the justices according to the directions of a this act, and shall make such order therein as to them shall ji seem just; and every such order of such justices shall be com-fi plied with, and shall be final to all intents and purposes, and shall not be subject to appeal, or to be removed or removeable

into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

a Where

33 O. 3. 54*

Rules to be eo-

teied in a book, and rcceifed in evidence, &c.

Td.

43°

Friendly Societies.

Where the general rules direct disputes to be settled by a*, bitration, the award of the arbitrators shall be final, withow appeal, or being subject to the controul of two or more jafticcs of the peace, in the manner herein-before prescribed.

No member of any society, tu be established in pursuance of this act, who shall inhabit or reside in an yparish, tows-ship, or place, not having a legal settlement there, or who to be remote- come to iohabit *reside there, and shall deliver to the

aKJeVn"au*lly churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such pariA, towo-<h*rgeable to - — *

SJ O. 3. e. 54,

Ko Member of a society, pro* dueing a cciti* £ Cite thereof.

4rhc parhh.

Wow certificates >rr to be au-theoticated.

M

Settlement

VetuteJ.

ship, or place, or to any or either of then, a certificate, under Che hands of the (towards, presidents, wardens, or treasurert of such society, or any two of them, for the time being, to he attested by one or more credible witness or witnesses, thereby acknowledging the person mentioned in such certificate to to a member of such society, shall, during the time such perfos shall continue to be such a member thereof, be removeable from any parish, township, or place where any such certificate hath been delivered as aforesaid, to the place of his or her lift legal settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, uadi such person shall become actually chargeable to such parish, town ship, or place, or forced to sdk relief for himself or herself, or for his or her & only.

Every certificate shall express the place and places of abode respectively of the persons figoing and attefiing the same; and one of -the witnesses attesting the same shall make oath before a justice of the peace of the county, or place where such so-ciety shall be established (which oath such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to administor), that ftefi witness did fee the persons whose names are thereunto let, federally sign the said certificate, and that the name or names of such witness or witnesses is or are of his or their own proper hand-writing; which said justice of the peace shall also certify that such oath was made before him; and every such certificate so made, and oath of the execution thereof lb certified bf the said justice of the peace, shall be taken, deemed, and allowed in all courts whatsoever, as duly and felly proved, and shall be taken and received as evidence, without other proof thereof.

Justices may declare, by an order in writing, the placed settlement of persons so examined, without issuing warrant far removal. A duplicate of every such order shall be transmittd to the general quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden sei: after the expiration of twenty days from the time of makief hereof, for the county, riding, division, or shire, where such person shall so reside, to be filed amongst the records of the said court; and a copy of every such order, to be attested by one or more credible witness or witnessfes, or a duplicate thereof, together with an attested copy of such examination to be

1. anBexfi

fit

si

n

a

I!

tl

iil

df

s

a

t

rj

C!

9

jtl J V It *'

J)

91

0

ft

f

if

it

st

H

i

h

tf

sf

j

Friendly Societies.

annexed to such copy or order, or duplicate thereof, shall be delivered to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the pa rife, towirfeip, or place, in which the person mentioned in such order shall be adjudged to be last legally settled as aforesaid, or to any or either of them, at lead fifteen days be-lore the first day of holding such sessions j and upon due proof Co be made on oath ofoneormore credible witness or witnesses, before the justices of the peace at such sessions, of the delivery of such copy, or duplicate, with such examination annexed thereto as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace at such sessions, and they are hereby required to dirett every such order to be filed amongst the records of the said coart ; and every such order so filed shall be final and conclusive in ascertaining and determining the place of the last legal ietclement of the person or persons named in such order, unless the same shall1 be appealed against within Che time herein-after mentioned.

All persons, who shall think themselves aggrieved by any finch adjudication of the said justices, may appeal to the general quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden next after the expiration of fifteen days from the time of the delivery of such copy or daplicate as aforesaid; and the joftices at such sessions shall and may receive such appeal, and proceed to hear and determine the merits of such appeal, as if the person or persons mentioned in such order, had been, by warrant of two justices,. actually removed to the place where he, she, or they were lsrib legally settled, by virtue of any law in being, before and at the time of the making of this act, and may award the like costs on such appeal as may be awarded on appeals from orders of removals of poor persons by any statute or statutes now in force, to be recovered in like manner as costs awarded under the authority of such statute or statutes.

No member of any such (bciety, who shall re side in any pa-rife, town ship, or place, under and by virtue of this a ft, shall have or be deemed to have acquired any settlement in such pa-rife, town ship, or place, by delivery and publication of any notice in-writing, unless the same shall be made after such per-(bn shall cease to be a member of such society, and after the revocation of his or her certificate herein-before mentioned.

No member of any such society, who shall reside as aforesaid, under the authority of this act, and ftpll be taxed, rated, or assessed towards any of the rates, taxes, or levies of the pa-rife, town ship, or place, where such member shall so reside, and shall duly pay the same, shall be deemed or taken thereby to have any legal settlement in such. pstrife, town ship, or place.

No person, who shall be an apprentice, bound by indenture to, or shall be a hired servant to or with any person who did come into or shall reside in any parife,. townfeip, or place,

under

43*

33 o. 3. 0 5,.

Cooicfc of such orders and of examinations to be returned to the parish offleets o< the place of If tt!o» meat, At.

Persons eg-grieved by disudication of justices, mag appeal to the qu arter- sessions,

dCC.

No person orb* (ha‘l reside in any paridi under this acte shall thereby acquire a settle-meat *

nor for paying rates $

nor any apprentice or fnrint to such perfoos.

432

SI C. J. t. J4.

Ballarat to hart

the mother's fertleaenu

Charges of mainuioing or removing re side nts und:r this all to be reia-barfed by the pariii to which the parties belong*

FabTic oft*

Friendly Societies.

Under the authority of this act, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, town ship, or place, Stall gain, or be adjudged to have, any settlement in such pari fh, township, or place, by reason of such apprentice ship or binding, or by reason of such hiring or fenring therein; bat all such apprentices and servants shall have their set dements in such parish, town ship, or place, as if they had not been bound, or had not been hired to such person as aforesaid.

Every child, which shall be born a bastard in any parish, township, or place, daring the mother's residence therein, «* dtr the authority of this act,shall have and be deemed to have the same settlement which the mother has, or is entitled onto at the time of the birth of such child, any Jaw, ufoge, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

When any overseer or overseers of the poor of any parish, township, or place, shall have been put to any charge in the maintaining any person or persons, or their families, reading in such parish, township, or place, under the authority of this act, or in removing any person or persons back to the place to which he, she, or they shall belong, after he, flie, or they shall have become actually chargeable, or aiked relief as aforesaid, such overseers shall, from time to time, be reimburied such reasonable charges by the overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, to which such person or persons shall belong, the said charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near the place where such charges shall be incurred; to be levied, in case of refusal of payment, by distress and foie of the goods and chattels of such overseers of the poor as tail aforesaid, by warrant or warrants, under the hand and foal, or hands and foals of such justice or justices, returning the overplus, if any there be 5 which warrant or warrants he or they is and,are hereby rea aired to grant.

This act shall be deemed a public ad; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded*

Soldiers.

Soldiers*

433

Enlisting;

T /HEN kny person shall be enlisted, he shall. In four i <?. $ 6.

I W ^ay®» "h«t not sooner than 24 hoars, be carried before ?!crttit,to go

k the next justice, or chief magistrate of a town corporate (not finite. m*

1 being an officer Sn the army), and before him shall be at li-i berty to declare his distent to such enlisting ; and on such de-r claration, and retarning the enlisting money, and paying 20s, n for the charges expended on him, he shall be forthwith dif- charged, in presence of such magistrate: If he declare that be it voluntarily enlisted himself, the justice or chief magistrate Justice to cer*

,1 shall forthwith certify under his hand, that such person is duly enlisted, setting forth the place of his birth, age, and calling 'I (if known), and that the second and sixth sections of the ar-r tides of war against mutiny and desertion were read to him,

i end that he has taken the oath mentioned in the articles of

s war; and if any person so certified as duly enlisted, shall re* p€0Mjty on re*

[{ fuse to take the said bath of fidelity before such magistrate, fofi»gtot*k#

Kl the officer from whom he hath received such money, may de* th* oaths* tt tain and confine him till he shall take it.

Which said second and sixth sections of the article! of war lf are these:

tf

SEC ?. It.

it Art. I. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall prefuifie td oft tffing trittereui

si traiterous or disrespectful words against our royal person, or or difrefpedful

ii any of our royal family, if a commissioned officer, he shall bt JbsSn*

n cashiered 5 if a non-commissioned officer or soldier, he shall fuf- ,ng*

ferfuch punishmentas shall be indited upon him by the fen* tence of a court-martial.

[5 Act. 3. Any officer or soldier who shall behave himself with Behaving #ith contempt or difrefped towards the general, or other com- contempt 10-jj mander in chief of our forces, or shall speak words tending to "y* JJ* his hurt or dishonour, shall be punished according to the na- ' tore of his offence, by the judgment of a court-martial.

Art. 3. Any officer or soldier, who shall begin, excite. Beating fedi-cause, or join in any mutiny or ftdition, in the regiment, Jion, or joining troop, or company, to which he belongs, or in any other re- lo lU giment, troop, or company, of either our land or marine forces, or in any party, poll, detachment, or guard, on any pretence whatsoever, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be in Aided.

Art. 4. Any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, fd. who, being present at any mutiny or (edition, does not use his it mo ft endeavour to suppress the same, or coming to the know* .* ledge of any motiny, or intended mutiny, does not, without

& k k delay.

434

I G. 3. c. 6.

Striking bit o dicer.

Difebejing

rdcis.

Defer tion.

Absence without lease.

Entitling in another re* g intent.

Perfaactng others to desert«

Soldier's o»th.

Refuting to go before the magistrate.

Soldiers.

delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer* shall be punished by a court-martial with death* or otherwise, according to the nature of the offence.

Art. 5. Any officer or soldier who shall ft tike hit foperior officer, or draw, or offer to draw, or shall lift up any weapon, or offer any violence against him, being in the execution of his office, on any pretence whatsoever, or shall diibbey any lawful command of his foperior officer, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as mail, according to the nature of his offcoce, be inflicted upon him by the feateace of a conn* martial.

SECT VI.

Art. i. All officers and soldiers, who, having received pay, or having been duly enlisted in our service, shall be convicted of having deserted the same, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall, by a court-martial, be institted.

Art. 2. Any non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall, without leave from his commanding officer, absent himfetf from his troop or company, or from any detachment with which he shall be commanded, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be punished according to the nature of his offence, at the discretion of a court-martial.

Art. 3. No non-commissioned officer or soldier shall enlist himself in any other regiment, troop, or company, without a regular discharge from the regiment, troop, or company, in which he last served, on the penalty of being reputed ade-ferter, and suffering accordingly. And in case any officer shall knowingly receive and entertain such non-commissioned officer or soldier, or shall not, after his being discovered to be a deserter, immediately confine him, and give notice thereof to the corps in which he last served, he the said officer fb offending shall, by a court-martial, be caAltered.

Art. 4. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall be convicted of having advised or persuaded any other officer or soldier to desert our service, shall suffer such punishment as shall be ia-flitted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

And the oath mentioned in the said articles of war, isai follows:

I /wear to be true to our fevereign lord king George, and to firvt

him hontftlyandfaithfully, in defence of his person, crows, and

dignity, against all his tnemiet or ^whatsoever ; to sb-

serve and obey his Majesty's orders, and the orders of the generals and ojftctrs fetover me by his Majesty.

But if any person shall receive the enlisting money, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refoie to go before such magistrate, in order to declare his assent or atflent, he shall be deemed to be enlisted, and may be proceeded agaiafl, as if he had taken the said oath before such magistrate.

M after,

Soldiers.

Muster.

435

NO mnfttr roll shall be allowed, unless signed by the mayor v 3. 6.

or other officer: But if such mayor or officer shall not attend, Muster roll, or refuse to sign such muster roll, without giving sufficient *hen reason for such his refusal, then the commissary may proceed to muster, and such muster roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid, provided that oath be made before a just, tice in 48 hours after such muster; and the said muster roll shall be then produced, and examined by the said joftice, who shall sign the same, if there appear to be n6 sufficient objection to it.

In Westminster and Southwark, no muster shall be made. How made la but in presence of two justices (not being officers of the army), Westaiofter ao4 unless the justices, on 48 hours notice to fix of them, neglect Southwark, to attend.

And the commissary or muster master shall make oath (for which no fee shall be taken) before the mayor or chief magistrate attending the muster, if such mayor or chief magistrate be a just ice of the peace, or otherwise before a justice in the following form: " I A, B. do swear, that I saw, at the time Commissioner'a of making the within muster, such men or horses as are borne, oath, and not respited, on the muster roll, for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates are not indorsed on the back of the roll, certifying their being absent from the muster, by reason of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or by being sick, in prison, on furlough, or at grass, or by a signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or compaoy."

Which oath the said commissary shall insert and subscribe on Tolu fob-the back of the muster roll transmitted by him into the office scribed. of the commissary general of the musters.

If any person shall be falsely mustered, or offer himself to be Pfr'J>n blfdy falsely mustered, on proof thereof by oath of two witnesses, be- mu^cr*d* fore the next justice, and on certificate thereof under the hand of the commissary, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, he shall be committed to the house of correction for ten days; and if any person shall wittingly furnish a horse to be mustered, he yorn^ing a Hull be forfeited to the informer, if he shall belong to the borfetot* person furnishing the same ; otherwise the offender shall for- mustered. feit to the informer zol. on oath by two witnesses, before the next justice, by distress; and if he shall have no sufficient dif- How punished. tress, or shall not pay in four days after conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol for three months, or be publicly whipped, at the discretion of the justice; and the informer, if a soldier, shall be discharged, if he demands it.

For provision of carriages for the forces in their march, or c«rm«ei fur-for their arms, doaths, and accoutrements, any justice of the aifhedr K k k 2 peace.

436 Soldiers.

f G» 3*

Pit xi. per

mile#

or Qd. with it* ex cattle*

Not compellable beyond one {Uy'sjotuaej.

Wright limited*

Coi>stable*a ne-Blt& to protide t<rri«^e»*

peace, being duly required thereunto, by any order from Mi Majesty, or the general of his forces, or the master-genera], or lieutenant-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall on such prder being brought and shewn onto him, by the quarter-aaf-ter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, troop, or com* paay ordered to march, issue out his warrant to the constablp or petty con (tables of the division, liberty, hundred, or pre-cintt from, through, near, or to which such forces shall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said warrant; allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden : And if sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precinlt, then the next joiiice or justices of the county, riding, or division, shall, on such order as aforesaid so brought or shewn to him, ifTiie his warrant to the con (tables or petty constables of such next county, riding, division, or precinct, for the purposei aforesaid, to make up such deficiency.

And the officer, who, by virtue of the said warrant, is to demand the carriages of the constable to whom it is directed, shall at the same time pay down to him in hand for the use of the persons who shall provide such carriages and men, the sum of is. for every mile any waggon with five horses shall travel; and u. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel; and 9d. for every mile any cart with four horses, shall travel 5 and so in proportion for less carriages 5 for which the con liable shall give a receipt*

And if any military officer shall force any carriage to travel more than one day's journey, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home; or shall suffer any folditr or servant, except such as are sick, or any woman, to ride in such carriage ; or shall force any constable, by threatnings, to provide fiddle horses for themselves or servants; or shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants, or foldien, he shall forfeit cl. proof thereof being made on oath before two justices, who shall certify the same to the paymaster-general, or other paymaster of the forces, who shall pay the same, according to the order of the said justices under their hands and seals, who shall deduct the same out of the officers*

p *y-

And no waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall be obliged to carry above twenty hundred weight.

And if any high or petty constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants for providing carriages, or If any person appointed by such constable tofurnish any carriage and man, shall refuse and neglect to provide the same ; or any other person shall wilfully hinder the execution thereof; he shall forfeitnotexcceding 40s. nor less than 20s to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; the same to

be

f

i

i

I

r

1

t

1

I

Soldiers.

437

f>* heard and determined by two justices dwelling In or near the place, who shall cause the penalty to be levied by distress.

The treasurer of the county shall, without fee, pay unto such constable all reasonable sums by him laid out for carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring such carriages, out of the public flock, according to such rates and orders as the justices in sessions shall direct, which orders shall be made without fee; regard being had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the ways; and if the public flock be not sufficient, the justices in sessions may raise money as for gaols ^nd bridges.

No toll or duty shall be demanded or taken for any horses belonging to officers or soldiers upon their march, or upon duty ; or for any horses, cattle,' or carriages employed in carrying the arms or baggage of any such officers or soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded,or disabled officers or soldiers; and no carriages so employed shall be subject to be weighed at any engine, nor the owner or driver liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight than is allowed by law to be conveyed in such carriage. ^

The constables, and other chief officers ana magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and other places, and in their default orabfence, any one joftice inhabiting in or near such place, and no other, shall and may quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in inns, livery-(tables, ale-houses, and all houses felling brandy, strong water, cyder, &c. by retail, and no other; /and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than by this act, or shall offer any menace or compulsion to deter and discourage any civil officer from doing his duty, he shall, on conviction before any two of the next justices, by the oath of two witnesses, be ipso fa3« cashiered and disabled to hold any military employment; provided the conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the jud^e-advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial. And if any person shall be aggrieved by having more soldiers billeted than in proportion to his neighbours, on complaint thereof to one justice, or if the person (o billeting them be a joftice, then on complaint to two justices, they may relieve him.

No justice, having any military command, shall be concerned in quartering soldiers under his immediate command, but all things done by him therein shall be void.

If any constable, or other officer, shall neglect his duty in billeting, for the space of two hours, provided sufficient notice hath been given before, of the arrival of the forces ; or shall take any reward to excuse any person ; or if any person liable shall refuse to receive any soldiers, or to furnifti them as required by this act, and be thereof convicted, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit

I ft* 3. €

Constable n-

imbursed fc.s Cl peaces.

18 G. 3 €. 63-No toll payable.

No carriage ft employed 10 be weighed.

tG. 3 e.«. Who may billet fotdiere.

No menace or compul&oA.

Complaint, if aggdered, to justice.

U.

What justice may not quarter.

Id.

Billet in two hours.

Penalry on refuting to receive.

le

43$

s G* 3* ^ 6*

Officer rewiring a billet*

Id.

Wires and children not quartered «ithou C confect*

Id.

Account of billet to be delivered*

Id.

Lifts of house* liable to be billeted*

Id.

Officer or soldier amenable to the magi ft rate*

79 <7* % .€ *I» Curling and swearing, how puni&ed in soldier*

Soldiers.

feit 5I. (or any sum not exceeding 5I. nor left than 40s.) by distress, by warrant of such justice, to be directed to any other con liable, or to any overseer of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell, for the use of the poor of the said pari fh.

If any officer shall take any money of any person, for ex-cufing the quartering of soldiers, he shall be caihicred and incapacitated.

If any officer, military or civil, shall quarter any of the wives, children, men, or maid-servants of officer or soldier, in any house against the consent of the owner, if he is an officer of the army, he shall, on proof made thereof to the commander in chief of the army, or judge-advocate, be ipso fade cashiered; and if a constable, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party grieved 20s. on proof thereof to the next justice, by distress.

Any justice, by his warrant, may command any con liable or other officer, to give an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers billeted by them, and also of the names of the persons on whom they are billeted, with the (Ireet or place where they dwell, and the signs, if any; that it may appear where they are quartered, the better to prevent abofes in billeting of them*

In Westminster, the petty conliables shall deliver lifts oa oath at every quarter-sessions, of the houses and perfous obliged to receive soldiers quartered, and the number billeted in each house; the lifts to remain with the clerk of the peace, to be inspected without fee: Conliables making default, shall forfeit 51. to the poor by distress, by warrant of one justice; for tirant of distress, to be imprisoned not more than three months, nor less than one.

If any officer or soldier shall be accofed of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of she king's subjects, the commanding officer shall use hi tutmost endeavour to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate $ and shall also be aiding to the officers of justice, in mixing and apprehending him, m order to bring him to trial; on pain, on conviction before two justices, by the oaths of two witnesses, of being ip/§ fa&* cash-iered and disabled ; provided the conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial.

Soldiers convicted of profane curling or swearing, and not paying the penalty, shall not be committed to the house of correction as other offenders, but shall be put in the docks for one hour, for every single offence; and for any number of offences, of which they shall be convicted at one and the same time, two hours*

Defer dug*

f

I

1

I

4

t

i

j

1

i

I

t

1

V

I

Soldiers.

43£

" Defatting.

THBconstable may take of any person reasonably fuf-cK spetfed to be a deserter, and carry him before a justice in or , near the place, who shall examine such suspected person ; and

if, by his confession, or the oath of one witness, or the know-

ledge of such justice, he shall be found to be a deserter, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the county

® gdbl, or house of correction (or the Savoy in London), and

transmit an account thereof to the secretary at war; and the l': keeper of such gaol or house of correction shall receive the

subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance while he shall be in custody, but shall not be intitled to any fee for his im-

5 prisonment.

6 But no officer may break open any house to search for deserters, without ajustice's warrant, on pain of zol.

it The justice, before whom he is brought, shall iftbe his war-21 rant to the collector of the land-tax, of the parish or township isiJ where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of is the land-tax money by him collected or to be collected, into

0 the hands of him who shall apprehend, or cause to be appre-£* bended, such deserter, the sum of 20s. ; the same to be a 1-

. lowed on his account*

If any person shall knowingly harbour or assist any deserter, hi he shall forfeit 51.5 and if any person shall knowingly buy or $ exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, cloaths, or furniture nr belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or change the colour thereof, he shall forfeit 5I.; and on conviction by tit the oath of one witness, before one justice, the said penalties #\ shall be levied by distress; half the first penalty to be to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended; !79 and half the last penalty to the informer; and half of both, to

the officer to whom the deserter did belong; and if such per-j son have not sufficient, or shall not pay the penalty in four ef days, the justice shall commit him to gaol for three months,

or cause him to be publicly whipped.

[4 No law gives, nor ever did give to justices a power to pro- long a soldier'* furlough. In case of sickness, or other una-y voidable accident, it may be useful for a justice to certify up- on the back of the furlough such necessity, specially setting ^ forth the same $ to prevent his being apprehended as a de- ferter, or punished at his return*

If any non-commissioned officer or soldier shall have wife, v child, or children, two justices may fommon him where he is jy quartered, to make oath of the place of his last legal settlement, who shall obey such summons, and make oath accord- ™8]Y; And the justices shall give an attested copy of such af-

j fidavit, to be delivered to the commanding officer, to be pro-

duced when required* Which attested copy shall be admitted*

1 at

I G, 3. c, 6. Suspefied defer ter, how dealt with*

Id.

Caution ts con-fiable*

Jd.

Warrant, to whom issued for reward*

Id.

Deserter harboured or iffitted*

Justice cannot prolong a furlough.

1G. 3. c. 6* Soldier with family may be sworn to hit settlement*

44<>

tl O. *. e. 44*

Soldier*, ftc. are not remove-able till actually chargeable.

May ifot lie feed for setting p tu4cii

Allowance to dragoons.

*4 3* /# *

c. 6.

Fortner privi-kg« confirm^.

Soldiers*'

ft any time in evidence as to such settlement, before any justices, or at any sessions; and if he be summoned again to make any such oath as aforesaid, such atteded copy of the former oath being produced, he shall not be obliged to take any farther oath as to his settlement; but shall, if required, lea re a copy of such atteiled copy of his former examination.

Setting up trades after their discharge*

ALL such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, wh* have served since the 29th day of November, 174.8, and not deserted, and also their wives and children, may set up and exercise such trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place within Great Britain or Ireland (except Cambridge and Oxford), without any moledation by reason of the using such trade; nor shall they, or their wives or children, daring the time they shall exercise such trades, be removable from such place to their lad legal place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, until they shall become actually chargeable; and if they shall be sued for exercising such trade, they shall have double costs. Two justices may cause such officer, mariner, soldier, or ma-rine, to be summoned before them, in order to make oath of the place of their lad legal settlement; and the justices shall give an atteded copy of such affidavit to the perfoa making the lame, in order that he may produce it when required.

In regiments of dragoons, the captains are allowed 9d. per day for each horse, one halfpenny of which goes to the farrier, the other for forage. In quarters, the men oblige the landlords to furnish them with any quantity of hay or draw they shall think proper to make ofe of, there being no restraint by act of parliament; on the contrary, if the landlord refute their demands, however extravagant, they are liable to pay five pounds for such default.

The second troop of horse grenadier guards allow 141b. of hay per day, and 41b. of draw, for each horse.

in camp, the allowance for each horse is 181b. of hay. Tho general and his fuite are allowed 61b. of draw per day for each horse.

By this act, all such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, as have been employed in the king's service since April 1, 1763, and have not since deserted, and also the wives and children of such, are authorized to set up and exercise trades in any part of Great Britain; and shall not be liable to be

This is Infer ted, not as intended to lay down the lass, in a case for which no proper provision Teems to have been made, bot at a rote, by which the as. gift race's judgment may be directed, when the matter cornea, aa it often dees, before him*

removed

Soldiers,

f removed from thence to their last legal place of settlement, until they become aftoally chargeable to the parish.

3 Any two or more justices may summon such persons to make ~ oath of the place of their last legal settlement, and they are

2 required to obey such summons; an attestedcopy of which af-

fidavit shall be delivered to the person making the same ; which attelled copy shall at any time be admitted a5 evidence of such

2 ,legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justices, at any . general or quarter-Zessions of the peace. A copy of such at-

.. tested copy of the examination shall be left> if required.

This act shall extend to all officers and soldiers drawn by bal-

3 lot, and having porfonatly served in the militia, or any of the a /enable regiments, for three years from the said first of April,

_ and been honourably discharged.

~ This act shall not empower any one to set up the trade of ^ a vintner, or to/ell wine or otjier liquors within either of the Z Uni vnrfi ties, without licence from the Vice-chancellor.

3

. Doubts and difputts having a, in consequence of public act

1 /hutting up their fables*that ho may be Quartered upon

them* it is proper to dire8 the attention of fitch publicans to the ^ following cluuft:

Section XXXII. When any his Majesty's horse or dra-f (goons shall be quartered or billet ted upon the owner or owners ^ of any alehouse, victualling house, or other house in which

? officers or soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this act, who

s have no stables, then, and in such case, and upon complaint made by the person or persons having no stables, to two or more justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, fl where such horse or dragoons shall be so quartered and billet-

4 ted, and upon his or their making such allowance in lieu of his Quartering such horse or dragoons, as such justices shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to order the men and their horses to be removed, and quar-

& tered upon some other person or persons who by this ?ft arp liable to have officers and soldiers quartered and billetted upon i them,* who have stables, and to order and settle a' proper all

t1 lowance to bp made by the person or per fops having no stables,

in lieu of his quartering such horse or dragoons, so to be removed as aforesaid ; and also to order and direct,' that such al-P lowance shall be paid by the person or persons from, whom such t men and horses shall be removed, to or amongst the person or persons to whom such men and their horses shall be so removed ns aforesaid, or be applied in the furnishing of quarters for the reception of such men and their horses, as the case may require, and as such justices shall think fit.

L 1 1

-441

*4 C. 5. a.

c. 6.

May be summoned to make oa'h of settle-m.ut.

Id.

The fane a to extend to militia.

Id.

Vintner in uniter Ikies excepted.

18 G. 3. e. vi. Allowance Irons publicans not havhg stables.

44*

Soldiers

«S C.3. c. it.

Publican re* fusing to receive or allow.

Penalty-

Form of conviction.

And also this Clause.

$ LX VIII. In case any viftoaller, or ocher person liable by this act to have any officer or soldier billetted or quartered 00 him or her, shall refuse to receive or viftoal any such officer or soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her; or shall re* fuse to fumifh or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things directed to be furnished or allowed to noa-commissioned officers or soldiers so quartered or billetted 04 him or her 5 or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient hay or draw for each horse so quartered of billetted on him or her, at the rates# fixed in this act, and shall be thereof convicted, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), every such person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 5!. or not less than 40s; to be levied, by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant of such justice or justices, to be directed to any constable, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; to be applied, in making such satisfaction to any soldier for thfe expence he may have been put to, as fodi justice or justices shall order and direct ; the remainder to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of the said pariftt.

In case any persons shall be convicted of any offences under this act, the following shall be the form of conviction:

Middlesex. BE it remembered, that on the day ef in the year of our Lord-in the county aforesaid, A. B. came before us C. D. and E. F. two of his Majestfs justices of the peace in cutdfor the fold county,

and informed us 9 upon path, that G. H. cf

day of new left p*ftt at

in the said county, did [here set forth the fast in the manner deferred in the statutej; whereupon G, H-

Commtftion officer of horse, under the rank of captain, for

diet and final! beer, per diem, - - w.

Ditto of dragoons, ditto, for ditto, - - fi.

Ditto of foot, ditto, for ditto, - - - is.

Officer*! horse, for hay and ft raw per diem, - 64.

Light hojfeman's diet and small beer, 6d. Hit hoise, - N.

Dragoons, ditto, 6d. His horse, - » 64.

Foot fcldtera* diet and small beer, per diem - - 4^.

X

sn

r.

t

3

'3

if

51!

£1

1C

j:

tfi

Sr?

it

is

in

a*

f*

jS

. Soldiers.

duly summonedto answer the said appeared before tbs

said just ices, on day of at

its in the said county,

and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared that he was not guilty of the said offence; but the same being fully proved upon the oath of I. K. a credible witness, it ma*

nifeftly appears to us the saidjuft ices, that he the said G. H. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said.

Jt is therefore considered and adjudged by us, the that

he the said G. H. be conviQta; and we do hereby conviQ him of the offence aforesaid; and we do hereby declare and adjudge, that the said G. H. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

ekoney of Great Britain,/* the offence aforesaid, to be distributed

ess the law direQs, according to the statute in that case made and provided* Given,

Spirituous Liquors*

COMMISSIONERS of excise, &c. shall return to the persons licensed to retail spirits since passing the act, 27 G. 3, c. 30, and who shall not have ale-licences on July 5, 1788, the monies paid under that act, since their ale-licences expired.

Stage-Coaches.

BV this act for limiting the number of persons to be carried bn the outside offt age coaches or other carriages, it is enacted, ^ that from and after November 1, 1788, only fix passengers shall ride of go upon the roof, and two, besides the driver, upon the box, of any stage coach, of other carriage travelling for hire, on pain that every driver so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by tonfeifioO, the view of a juf-'? tice of the peace, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or wittteffes, before any joffice of the peace i acting in and for the county, city, division, or place where 0 such offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), shall, for every outside passenger, over and above the number herein *' allowed, forfeit the sum of 40s.; and in case the driver so offending shall also be the owner of such coach. . then the sum of 4I.; and in default of payment, the person so offending, shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid.

L 11 2 If

443

*8 Gi 3. e. iu

*8 G. 3. 37, Monks return* able tv mailers#

ll Cr. 3* Cm Jf* How many out pafleogera.

Driver offend* inj.

How pen! (bed. If owner, doable.

444

aS G.3. c 57*

Uwdct

»ble, it dritcr not to be found*

Petce officer refuting to

Application of penalties*

Form of nr* ccedinga.

Semikoot,

Stage-Coaches,

If rhe driver of any coach, A travelling with a greater number than is allowed by this act, cannot be foand, or shall not attend in pursuance of any fammans, requiring his appearance before a justice of the peace, upon a complaint aid information laid against him, then the owner or proprietor of such coach, Ac, shall be liable to the penalty hereby laid upon such driver.

If any constable, or other peace-officer, shall refofeor ne-gVd to execute any warrant granted by any jaiftice of the peace, pursuant to the diae&Ions of this td, every such person so offending, and being convicted thereof before one or more julHce or justicea, by confession, or npow the oath of one or more credible witness or wUneiTes, (ha!lr for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 40s; and if the perfbir so coavided doth not forthwith payr or secure to be paid, the said penalty, such just ice or justices of the peace may commit such perJoa to the common gaol, or houie of correcton, for any time not exceeding one iponth, onlefs the penalty shall-be (boner paid.

All penalties by this act imposed shall be paid*, one half to the informer, and the other half to the forveyor of the highways, to be laid oat in the amendment or repair of the public roads or highways within such* parish or place* where the of* fence shall be committed*

The form of proceedings fee forth in the following scheduk* shall be used on all occasions.

SUMMONS for any person or persone to attend a juJfice*

Midditux

TO dm Of

INFORMATION.

f

Whereas cmplqdnJZ rind information hath mad* qpoO «w4 bifort me, C* tf. ont of kitHajesty's for tit

said county &c. bjE* F. of That?

[Here state the nature and circum(lancet of the case* at for as it shall be nocedary to shew the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the justice: and in doing that, follow the words of the ad as near as may be J Then arc therefore to rtfmrt you personally to appear before net*

in the said Watty* &c. day of at the hear

of in the noon* to answer to the said

complaint and information made by the said £. F. who is lihtvdrt dirtied to be then and there present to make good the same. Heroin fail not.

Gi ven under my hand and seal, this' onethosuand seven hundred

Stage-Coaches,

INFORMATION.

.3 Middlesex. BE it remembered, that on the

r.Aay of one thousand/even hundred

3 A. B. of in the and

maketh oath before me, one of his juf-

tices of the peace for the said county, that of

j, j in the /did county,

t {Here describe the offence particularly, and

^ follow the words of the act as near as may be] contrary to the aJJatute made in the l % thyear of the reign of King George the third,.

or [Here insert the title of the aft} bath impo/ed a -

a feiture of for the said offence*

T Taken and sworn the day of

" C.D.

P

FORM OF CONVICTION.

Middlesex. BE it remembered, that, on the Jay of in the year of our Lord one

u hundred at in the county of

aforesaid. A* B. came before me, C. D* one of his Majesty's joffices of the peace for the/aidcounty, 13 informed me, that

E. F of on the day of

now last pafl, at in the said county, did

[Here set forth the fast in the manner described by the aft}

5 whereupon the/aidE. F. after being duly summoned to to

the said charge, appeared before me on the

day of at in the county, and having beard the charge contained in the said information, de~. '* tlmred that be was not guilty of the said o/fence ; but the same being f* fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness,

te fejtly appears to me, the /aidjustice, that he the said E. F. is & guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information : It I* is, therefore, considered and adjudged by me, the said that

i he the said £ F .beconviQed, and 1 do hereby him of the

d offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that he the said E. F hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

t* money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed at the lavs dire 3 s ,according to the form, of the statute in that case d made and provided.

Given under my hated assd seal, the day of

it one thousand seven hundred

The following to be inserted where the party ref ales to appear upon the fumraons i

After

445

% '

446 Stage-Coaehesj

x % G. 3. c. After the words, being duly summoned to the

t % charge"insert (did not appear pursuant to the said

summons Jo r said neglect and refuse to make any defence agaiujt

the said charge,but the same being fully proved, &c.J as before.

The following to be inserted when the party accused confetfei the charge:

After the words, Cf contained in the Said information,9* insert (acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be , and et manifefly appears to me the said as above.

Stage-Coach Act amended.

$© G. 3. f. 36.

N umber of out pA&ageri.

Penalty to be fid at the gates.

Contrivance to defraud.

How punl&ed.

FROM September 29, 1790, if the driver of any coach# ehaife, or other carriage of the like fort, drawn by three or more horses, and going or travelling for hire, shall permit or suffer more than one person on the coach-box, besides him* self, and four persons on the roof; and if dnfovn by less this three horses, more than one person on the coach-box, and three persons on the roof (except the driver of such coach, &c. drawn by less than three horses, which shall not go or travel greater didance than twenty-five miles from the poll-office, in the city of London, who shall not carry more than one perfort on the coach-box, and four persons on the roof, at one and the same time), to go or be conveyed by any such coach, ehaife, or carriage respectively; every such driver shall pay to the collector of the tolls, at every turnpike gate through which such carriage shall pass, the sum of five shillings for each and every person above the number so limited; which every such collector is hereby authorized to ask, demand, and receive; and if any such passengers or passengers, beyond the number (b limited as aforesaid, shall be set down, or taken of, whereby the said payment of the said sum of five shillings may be evaded, the driver of such carriage so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by his own confession, the view of a justice, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting in and for the county, division, of place, where loch offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), shall, for every such offence, be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the county, division, or place, where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than fourteen days, at the discretion of the justice or justices, by or before whom such offender shall be convicted.

The

f

J

I

r

1

c

I

j

i

i

T

Stage-Coach Act.

The said sum of five shillings for each and every passenger, beyond the number allowed to be conveyed, shall be collected,

; levied, and recovered, as the turnpike tolls at the gate where '1 such payment by this act is directed to be made, are, by the act for repairing such road, authorized to be collected, levied, m and recovered.

From September 29, 1790, are to be painted on the outside of each door of every stage-coach, except mail-coaches, in large and legible characters, the Christian and surname of the ,i: proprietor, or of one of the proprietors of such coach or other lt carriage: And in the case of there being more than one pro-prieror of such coach or other carriage, and any one of them shall reside within the cities of London or Westminster, or the .1 limits of the bills of mortality, then, and in such calc, the ^ name of such last-mentioned proprietor shall be the name to be put upon such carriage, as above directed. f If the coachman, or person having the care of any stage-;* roach, or other such carriage, shall permit or suffer any other 3' person to drive the same, without the consent of the passengers, a* or shall quit the box* without reasonable occasion, or for a & longer space of time, than such occasion may require, or shall, d* by furiously driving, or by any negligence or misconduct, ii* overturn the carriage, or in any manner endanger the persona $ or property of the passengers, or the property of the owners or yi proprietors of such carriage, every-such coachman so offend-\i ing shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not iff exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

0 If any person travelling as a guard to any ffage-coach, or It other such carriage, shall fire off the arms he is entrusted with, $ either while the coach or carriage is going on the road, or -g°ing through, or (landing in any town, otherwise than for i! the defence of such coach, or other carriage, every such person ri shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty It shillings.

The penalties by the former act inflicted on peace-officers refusing or neglecting to execute warrants granted by justices of the peace, pursuant to the directions of the said act [fee ^ -page 44.4..] shall extend to, and be inflicted on, all peace-of- ficers, who shall refule or neglect to execute any warrants to .jj be granted in pursuance of this act; and the penalties and ^ forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall be levied, recovered, and ^ applied in the same manner, as by the former act is directed ; j, and the forms of proceedings relative to the several matters ^ contained in this~aft, shall be the same as those contained in the schedule to the said act, and shall be used on all occasions, . with such additions or variations only, as may be necessary to 1 adapt them to the particular circumstances of the case.

'u This act shall be deemed a public act, and shall be judi. daily taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other person* whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Stamps.

447

30 C.3.C. 36.

Penalty allowed a the tolls.

Names of pro-prie < rs on carnages for hue.

Coachman's

negligeu^e.

Guard's firing off in towns, -&c.

The other act applicable US this.

Public alts.

Stamps

448

16 G. *. e. 16* tJnftamped at enanatka.

30 G. *. r. 73: Penalties as before.

*3 G>3 49

*4 G. 3- 7* What drafts exempted.

43 G. 3. c. 40. Receipts in full exemptions.

*4 (?. 3- 7-

*3^- 3- 49* Frauds* how punished.

24(7. 3. e. 7. Penalty on not ufrn^ stamps*

Witnr [TV« not appearing.

;v.

Sum p*id for ft ampin* after* wards.

20 <7. 3. r aS. ^ 13 o'. 3.

S8-

i.eairjf receipts.

J*

IT any perron shall carry about, or expose to Tale, xny aim* nack not stamped according to law, any justice of the peace In ay, upon conviction, commit such offender to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months. And persons seizing and carrying such offender before a justice of the peace, are entitled to a reward of 2os. to be paid by the receiver general of the stamp duties.

The same penalties are appointed, and the same reward is offered for apprehending offenders against this act, as by the former of 16 G. 2, e, 26.

Bills of exchange, promissory or other notes, drafts, or orders, under 50I. are to have a stamp of 6d.; if yoi. or upwards, a stamp of f s. Not to extend to drafts or orders for payment of money on demand to bearer, drawn upon bankers living within 10 miles of the drawer, norto drafts or notes under 405.

Receipts for 2I. and under 20I. a 2d. stamp; for 20I. and upwards, and also all expressed infull of all dtrhands, a ^d. one.? But not to extend to receipts by lea men or fofdiers for wages or pensions, nor to those for the purchase money in any public fund, or the dividends thereof, nor to those for drawbacks, boon ties on exportation. See.

The whole sum to be inserted in a receipt, and where the giver or receiver acts otherwise, or separates the sum inte divers receipts, or is guilty of airy fraudulent device, within* tent to defraud the duties on receipts, he forfeits 20I.

Penalty on drawing a draft, or writing a receipt on nnftaopt paper, jl. to be recovered in a fomraary way before a magis* crate, by distress and fate, and in default of dtftrefs, the offender to be committed for three months. An appeal given to the sessions. And a discretionary power to the magiftnte to mitigate to a moiety of the penalty.

> A penalty of 40s. to be levied aboee, is iftfK&ed on persons summoned as witnesses that shall n eg left to appear, or appearing refuse to be examined. The penalties to be applied, one moiety for the nfe of his Majesty, the other moiety to the

informer.

No bill, note, or receipt, to be damped after written* signed, onlefs on payment of 16I.

Receipt for a legacy or distributive share of an rotestate's personal estate, the amount whereof shall not exceed 20I. shall be by the first of these acts on a stamp of zs. 6d. to which, by the last aft, an additional duty of 2s. 6d. stamp is iiriposed ; where the amount is above 20I. and under loot* the first aft reqeirfs a stamp of 5s. to which, by thclaft aft, an additional 55. stamp is wnposed. And where the amount is tool, and upwards, the first aft requires a (lamp of 20s. to which the last act for the first hundred adds another 20s. stamp, and an additional 20s. for every other hundred.

1

l!

By subsequent aft, 64. fee p. 450*

Os

1

Stamps.

449

c. 67.

If other wise thin 00 demand*

On any bond given as security for any sum of money by *3 G- 3 former acts, 5s. By this act, if above tool, an additional duty ®undl* of 5s. and if 500I. or upwards, an additional duty of ics. is imposed.

N B. The additional duties, that is, those imposed by the act of 23 G. 3. do not extend to legacies or Ihares of personal estate, where the persons to whom such legacies are given, or ihares coming, Hand in the relation of wives, children, or grand children, to the testator or intestate.

From August 1, 1791, the 23 G. III. 49, is repealed j 31 3. 15*

and the following stamp duties are to be paid;

For every draft payable on demand. Drafts payable

For 40s. and not above 5I. <;s. three pence* en demand.

Above $1 5s. and not above 30I. 4ix-f>cnce.

Above 30I. and not above 50I. nine-pence.

Above 50I. and not above ool. one shilling.

Above 100I. and not above 200I. is. 6d.

The same duties are also to be paid for notes payable to the Notes payable bearer on demand, and re-i(Tuable from time to time; when to bearer on first issued, aduty of 6d. shall be paid for every note for 40s. demand, if repayable to the bearer on demand, and not above 51. 5s. re-if- 1 u* e* iuable where first issued, or at any other place; and a duty of Is. on every such note above 5I. $s. and not exceeding 30I.

A duty of 6d. shall be paid for every draft for 40s. and not above 30]. payable otherwise than on demand:

Of 9d. above 30I. and not above 50I.

Of is. above 50I. and not above tool.

Of ts. 6d. above iool and not above 200K Of 2s. for every draft or note payable on demand, or otherwise, where the sum exceeds 200I.

All these duties are payable by the drawer signing such bills, p ^

Dotes, &c. ^ drawer.

A duty of 6d. for every foreign bill drawn in sets, not exceeding 1 ool.

Of 9d. for every such bill exceeding tool, and not above 200I.

Of is. for every such bill exceeding 200I.

Every bill of each set being chargeable with the like duty, according to the rate above-mentioned.

Orders on bankers, within 10 miles, payable to bearer, ate xempt from duty as heretofore.

Persons drawing bills, &c. contrary to this act, are to be *

made answerable for the duty. And persons rc-issuing at any penalty on non place, other than the place of issuing, or refusing or neglecting compliance, to cancel notes, after any payment thereof by any persons other than the persons drawing or signing the same, shall forfeit 20I. l

Persons signing, accepting, or paying undamped bills ofex-change, promissory notes, drafts, kc. except as before excep-ted, shall forleit 20I. penalty,* *

Mam Persons

Sets of billi«

What drafts

45°

G. 3. c. *5. Stamp by per-fun requiring it

Legacy receipt*. See, exempt trom this duty.

Note*, Se

abo»e 401. considered aa re* ceipt*.

Receipt.

Unstamped receipt*, no discharge. Peoaliy on giver*

When not stamped before, what to be done*

Book* with stamps allowed*

Application of penal tie*.

Neighbouring justice to determine*

Power of appeal*

Penalty mitigated.

Stamps*

The doty of 2d. shall be paid by the person requiring k fat every receipt for 40s. and under 20I.

Of 4d. for 20I. and under 50].

Of 6d. for 50I. and upwards.

Receipts for legacies duly stamped according to the directions of other acts, are exempted 5 also receipts given by the treasurer of the navy, army-agents, officers, soldiers, and seamen, or their representatives, (lock-receipts in any of the public funds, and receipt indorsed on any bill of exchange. Scc. duly stamped.

All notes, memorandums, fcc. on the payment of 40s. or upwards, shall be condrued to be receipts, within the true intent of this all, and shall be liable to the duties imposed thereon.

Every receipt in full shall be liable to a duty of 6d.; and no undamped receipt for any sum of 40s. and upwards, shall be available in law.

Persons signing receipts for 40s. and upwards, undamped, shall be liable to a penalty of 40s. if the sum shall amount to less than 20I.; to a penalty of 5I. if the sum shall amount to 20I. and be less than 50I.; and to a penalty of iol. if the fata shall amount to 50I. and upwards.

All paper liable by this act to any (lamp duty, mud be stamped before it be written upon ; if not, it may be brought to the office!-, and damped within 14 days, on payment of 40s.; after that time, within one calendar month, on the payment of 51. over and above the duty payable by this act; in which case, the parties offending are not liable to any penalty.

The of of damps may signify their allowance of books to be used in public offices, &c. for taking receipts.

One moiety of all pecuniary penalties, if sued for within three calendar months, shall go to his Majesty; the other moiety, with full cods of soit, to the persons informing or suing for the same in due time.

Any judice of the peace, redding near the place where the offence was committed, may hear and determine the offence; he may summon the party accused within three months, and also witnesses on either side; and by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, and levy the penalty by distrefsr on the offender's goods,- to be sold, if not redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the over* plus, if any ; or, for want of didrefs, may commit the offender to prison for three calendar months, unless the penalty be sooner paid.

Persons aggrieved, on giving security, may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions, that shall happen after 14 days next after such conviction.

The judice may mitigate the penalties to a moiety, allowing reasonable cods and charges over and above such mitigation*

If

I

1

1

4

c

Stamps*

If any witness summoned shall, without just cause, neglect or rcfufc to attend, he or she shall forfeit the sum of 40s.

Penalties not prosecuted for within the limited time, shall be recoverable' only in the name of the attorney.general in England, or advocate in Scotland ; and the whole penalty in such cases shall go to his Majesty; and be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the stamp duties; out of which the of may pay one moiety, after deducing thereout the charges incurred in recovering the same, to the informers.

Persons who shall counterfeit or forge any ilamp, Bull be adjudged, ^convicted, guilty of felony, and shall suffer death.

Stamp duty on jthe registry of marriages, burials, births, and jehriftenings.

UPON the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, orchriflen-ing, in the register of any parish, precinCk, or place in Great Britain, a ilamp duty of 3d. shall be paid, except in the case of a pauper.

N. B. The penalty on the parion, yicar, qt curate, &c. for making any such entry on unilampt paper, or parchment, is 5I. But there is a proviso, that an entry may be made without any ilamps where a licence is granted for the purpose by three of of the stamp duty, or their officer; so as the party having the custody of the regiiler, shall produce it at all times to the of or their officers, and as often as rcr .quired pay to the receiver general of the duties, &c. all sums which, according to the true meaning of the act, ought to be paid in respect of fijeh entry.

All prosecutions for recovery of the duties granted by, as also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed against this act, shall be heard and determined by $ny full ice -of the peace residing near to the place where fupb forfeiture shall be made or offence committed ; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgment of any such justite, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, and their judgment therein shall be final: And *very such justice is hereby authorised, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, to summon the party accused, and upon h|s appearance, or refusal or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fail ; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness ojr witnesses, to give judgment thereupon, and to issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such penalty upop thg goods and chattels of the offender; and to cause fa lex o be made, if not redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

M m m 2 But

451

31 G* 3. 15.

Witness re» fusing.

Limitation of time.

Forgery of ilamp felony.

*3 G. 3. c, 67.

What sum paid. Paupeia cs-cepted.

Paper Ramped, unlefa by licences.

Id.

Ounces against this act heard by one justice*

Power of appeal.

452

*3 G. 3.*. 67* Mitigation of penalty.

Application of penalties.

»«: G. 1-f« 75*

Duty payable by ditfcntcis.

»9 G. 3. /. 51.

Probates of wills, ho«r charged.

Legacy rteceipt s.

Id.

Exception.

Duties, by whom managed.

One damp for fcjth duties.

Stamped before ingrowing.

Stamps.

But !t shall and may be lawful to and for the fald justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture or penalty as he shall think fit, (o that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the cods.

All forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of iris Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person and persons who shall inform and foe for the same.

By this act, that of 23 G. 3. c. 6}, is extended to his Majesty's protestant subjects di/Tenting from the church of England, as well to these who use infant baptism as to such as do not use it; all whose registers shall be liable to the stamp duties imposed by the former act.

Stamp Duties on Wills, &c.

Tj'ROM Aug. 1, 1789, the following additional dudes art P required to be paid on probates of wills. &c.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, upon which fli2ll he ingrossed, written, or printed, any probate of a will, or letters of ad min ill ration for any ellate of or above the value of 300I. over and above all other rates and duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an additional duty of 20s. where 600I or upwards, an addition of ll. 10s.where 1000I. and upwards, an addition of 2I. ics.; — where 2000I. and upwards, an addition of 3I. 10s. ; — and where £ooool. and upwards, an addition of 51.

For every receipt for a legacy, or for a share of a personal estate divided under the statute of ditlributions. to the amount of 400I. an additional stamp duty of 20s. ; and for every further sum of tool, a like additional damp duty of 20s.

This act is not to extend to the wills of sailors or soldiers (lain or dying in his Majesty's service; nor to legacies to the wife, children, or grand-children of the tellator.

These duties are to be under the management of the commissioners of (lamps.

One (lamp may be provided to denote the former and the present duties.

All vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be logrolled, printed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for damping; and the said of, or their officers, shall forthwith, upon demand^ damp any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, the persons bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being.

Stamp Duties on Wills,

it being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties^payable for ,A the same by virtue of this act.

;B And the same allowance shall be made on present payment n of the several duties granted by this act, and in such manner as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, ji and paper, is allowed. *

E Stamps may be altered and renewed ; and all persons who shall have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, t or paper, marked with any damp or mark before the same shall have been (o altered or renewed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law, relating to damps, is di-vested.

^ If any person shall counterfeit or forge, or use any seal, damp, or mark, to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or succes-3‘ fors, of any of the above duties; or shall fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any (lamp duty, with such counterfeit damp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer ; j death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All powers of any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, not hereby altered, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed.

The several duties are to be paid to the receiver-general of ^ stamp duties, and carried to the consolidated fund.

^ If any person shall be sued, moleded, or prosecuted, for any £* thing done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person i* may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his defence ; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall f pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, then such defendant shall have treble costs against such plaintiff*

p

^ Stamps on Callicoes, Mullins, &c.

& UPON oath made by any credible person or persons, that 3^ there is reason to suspect or believe that French printed, cr. ilained, painted or dyed callico, rauflin, &c. for which any duty of excise ought to have been paid, is in the possedion of any draper or other person dealing therein, or of any person,

for fate, without being duly damped, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, within the bills of mortality, or any two justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, to issue their warrants, requiring any officer or officers of excise (with the affidance of a condable, £.# or other officer of the peace), in the day time, to search for the ;/i same, and to open doors, trunks, cheds, and packages, and to seize such goods, together with the packages containing the same.

453

»9 G. 3. 51*

Allowance for pretent payment.

Stamps altered and renewed.

Forging of ftimpi felony*

Former acts ta force.

Duties, to whom paid.

Ceneral issue may be pleaded*

a 7 G.3. r. 31.

Sejtcn warrant by twojurticr*, for unft*rni>ed mufl.m,

454

*7 G. 3. «. V

Pentlty, if found.

*4 3-/* *

« 4S.

Notke ro be given on altering ti.e place.

u.

Penalty on koufe uo-en-tered.

id.

Duty of excise facers.

Penalty on offenders*

Ji.

Inscription on uter door*

2d,

On every package*

Id.

Dealer punish-ble for le-eeiving.

M.

©bdructing

clBcer.

Soap officers power of entry*

Aii

Fraudulent conveyance.

On Callicoes, Muslins,

same, and to carry away the same, in order that the same may be lawfully condemned, and every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly*

If unlhmped callicoes. See. be found in any place, except shipt for exportation, they are forfeited, and also iool*

Starch and Soap.

BY this act, from Sept. 20, 1784, no (larch-maker (had erect, alter, enlarge, or make use of any place for making, drying, or keeping (larch, or the materials for making it, without giving notice at the office for the duty on (larch, next to the place where it shall be made: Every person neglecting or refuting to do this, shall forfeit, for every such offence, 200I.

Any person knowingly afliding in making (larch in unentered houses, shall forfeit 30I.

The officers of excise, and all persons aftingio their aid, may flop, arrest, and detain such offender as above, and convey him to one or more justice or justices, who, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may convict the offender ; arid if the said sum of 30I. be not immediately paid into the hands of the officer before the judice or justices, he or they shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for six months, or till the said sum of 30I. be paid and discharged : And in case of second offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit 60I. or be committed for one year, or till the said sum of 6oi. be paid.

The outward door of every darch-honfe is to have the chridian and surname of the maker inscribed in letters three inches long, on pain of forfeiting tool.

The word fiarch shall be legibly marked on every package when any quantity exceeding 281b. shall be removed by land or by water, on pain of forfeiting thereof, with the cattle and carriages. Sec*

Any dealer receiving more than 281b. of (larch not marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit 200I.

Any darch-maker obstructing the officers for the duties upon (larch, in executing their office, shall forfeit tool.

Soap officers may, by day or night (by the authority of the same act), without waiting for the presence of a condable or peace officer, he permitted, on requed, to enter any place for making soap, and take an account of the same, and of all materials for making it; and they shall remain in such place or places as they shall think fit.

No soap-maker shall have any conveyance from or to any copper or pan, except one moveable pump, noranycccker hole, except for the.fleam, on the side or curb. Sec, of his boiler or copper, on pain of forfeiting 500I,

The

Starch and Soap.

I k

The cover and furnace door. are to be kept locked by n the officer, except when at workLocks and keys are to be zi provided by the surveyors, &c. at the expence of the makers;

And any person clandestinely opening any copper, pan, or e utensil, or damaging such fattening, shall forfeit tool.

;2 If any soap-makers shall obstruct the officers of excise, they shall forfeit 50I.

Any officer of excise may take an account, as often as he shall think proper, of all materials for making soap in the L maker's pouession.

Soap-makers to provide feales. and to assist the officer :2 in weighing, See. on penalty of 20I.

Makers of soap are to give proper notice to the officer before they charge their copper; 1.e. ia hours within the head office of excise in London ; and in any other place, 24 hours before the time of charging, on pain of forfeiting tool.

No hard soap, after the commencement of this act, shall ba fold but in the (hape of cakes or bars, on penalty of iool.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be recovered and applied as other penalties recovered and levied by any laws of excise : One moiety to be paid to his f Majesty, and the other to him that shall inform, discover, or J sue for the same.

Stolen Goods.

\ NY onejultice of the peace, upon complaint made be-

J\fore him upon oath, that there is reafdn to suspect that

(tolen goods are knowingly concealed in any dwelling* house, outhouse, garden. Sec. by warrant under his hand and seal,

'* may cause every such place or places to be searched in the day-i* time; and the person or persons knowingly concealing the said fiolen goods, or any part thereof, or in whose custody the iJ same, or any part thereof, shall be found, he, she, or they, 4 being privy thereto, shall be deemed and held guilty of a mif-demeanour, and shall and may bet brought before a judice* of the peace for the county, city, Sec. and being thereof con-fi vifled by due course of law, shall be punishable by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court shall think fi;. i And every condable, headborough. See. and every beadle » within his ward, and every watchman, during such time only 4 *s he is on his duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to be

fJ

rf *N B If the good* stolen ami received are , -

p metal, or /older, the buyer* ot receiver* hereof onuft be carried before two or

t morejusticeiof the peace, and ate punishable by transportation for 14 year*, by

«9 <?. *. e jo.

Note also — That buying such goods at a very low price, is interpreted to be# i knowing them to be jlolen

rj apprehended,

4

14 G. J.

r. 43.

Furnace locked*

Id.

Obstruction

officer.

Id

Account taken of materula.

Id.

Scale* provided* Id.

Notice to be given to the officer*

Id.

Soap only in cake*.

Id.

Application 0 penalties.

11 G. 3. c. 5*. Search warrant*

Receiver, bow punished*

Td.

Constable and

watchman'*

duty.

45 6 Stolen Goods.

m (7. 3. e. 58.

11 O. 3. e. 3S.

If offered to fate r pawn.

Felon discovering two or more receivers, pardoned*

apprehended, all and every person and persons, who may be reasonably suspected of having, or Carrying, or any ways conveying, at any time after sun-setting, and before sun-rising, any goods or chattels suspected to be Itolen, and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, shall and may convey or carry before anvjuOice of the peace for the county, city, 8cc. to be dealt with according to law; and such person and persons, so carrying or conveying such goods or chattels, knowing the same to have been stolen, and being thereof convitfed, by due course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a misdemeanour, and, on conviction as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

And every person, to whom any goods or chattels, which have been feloniously stolen or taken, shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is herrbv empowered and required (there being reasonable cause 10 fuf-sped that such goods or chattels were stolen) to apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice of the peace for the county, city, town-corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the same goods and chattels shall be so brought or offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered (having it in his or her power so to do), the person and person* bringing or offering the same.

And if any person or persons, being out of custody or ia custody, if under the age of 15 years, upon any charge of felony within benefit of clergy, shall have committed any felony, and shall afterwards discover two or more persons who shall have bought or received any goods or chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken, knowing the same to be stolen, so that two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she, or they, fb discovering, shall have, and be entitled to, the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies by him or her committed at any time or times before such dif* cover?.

v

i

1

Summons.

JN all legal proceedings, the person complained of ooght tt

p. 25*6. ' X have notice of the charge laid against him, and to have u

in some cases, opportunity of being heard in his own defence. CoofeqaeniN,

directed by fta- where a person is accused before the justices, they ought to

t#le* summon the party to appear, oriflue their warrant to bring

him before them. The manner of convening the parties i« foraetimes directed by the acts of parliament creating the ref* pective offences; which therefore ought to be pursued accordingly, Jji other cases, where it is left discretionary in tliejuf-

tices,

In other* dif-cietiooarj.

Summons

4 57

ticei, it seemeth most agreeable to the mildness of our laws to W. i* put the party to no more inconvenience than needs mull; and ZS6, therefore, where the case will bear it, a summons* feeras more appofiteth&n a compulsory process. But in cases of sureties of When a warrant the peace, petty larcenies, and other felonies, and generally most proper, where the king is party, and also in cases between party and party, where the body of the offender is liable, a warrant is the regular process, and not a summons.

Surety for the Peace.

SURETY for the peace is the acknowledging a recognizance . IX$, or bond, to the king, taken by a competent judge of re- Suretyship def-cord, for the keepingf the peace. And this surety of the «n'bed. peace every justice of the peace may take and command, i. juflieo

Asa minister, commanded thereto by a higher authority. 2. toreiulrcu"

As a judge, and by virtue of his office, derived from his commission.

By the commission of the peace, one or more justices have wta compel* power to cause to come before them, all those who to any of Ubte to give the king's people concerning their bodies, or the firing of their bond, houses, have used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people: And if they shall refuse to find such security, to cause them in the king's prisons to be safely kept, until they shall find such surety.

A wife may demand it against her husband, threatening to Comynt, n8. beat her outrageoufiy, and a husband also may have it against w,fc »r*infthar his wife. huft>and>*c-

An infant, under the age of 14. years, may demand this Mr. mi;. surety, and it shall be granted him. Infant m«y de-

It ought, upon a just cause of complaint, to be granted by *r* any justice of the peace, against any person whatsoever, under 'rented

the negree of nobility, being of fane memory, whether he be ag*iai any but a magistrate or private person, and whether he be of full age, peer, or under age. The safest way of proceeding against a peer, is by complaint to the court of chancery or king's bench.

If the person to be bound be in the presence of the justice, , flg# lie may be immediately committed, unless he offers sureties. Sureties must The justice may make the warrant under seal, to bring the be offered, party before himself or some other justice, or he may make it to 59 bring the party before himself only 5 for he that maketh the be fpVcUi^oft® warrant for the most part, hath the best knowledge of the mat- f,me other juf-ter, and therefore he is the fitted to do justice in the case. tice.

See Appendix, No. 78.

See Appendix, No. 52. *

N n A county.

45s

1 Haw. 12Q«

of super-fcdeas.

Haw. 86.

Person authorized may enter by force, after refofal of admittance.

1 Haw. isS.

Officer to ob-ferre the directions of the warrant.

If general) officer may chuse what just ice. Doit. c. n8.

By whom he may be bound.

Id.

Officer puniArable 6or neglect.

Lamb, 78.

To bound afreffi*

CroIK. 125. Dalt, c, 168*

3 H. 7. c. 1. Recognizance when forfeited. I Haw. 130. -By actual violence.

Id.

Recovered In courts at Westminster*

Daft c. 120* Party bound BQuft appear*

Surety for the Peace#

If one who fears that the surety of the peace will be demanded against him, find sureties before any justice of the same county, either before or after a warrant is iflbed against bin, he may have a supersedeas from such justice, which shall discharge him from arrest from any other justice, at the soit of the same party, for whose security he has given fitch fnrety.

Where a person authorized by warrant of a just ice of the peace, to compel a man who is sheltered in an hoafe, to find sureties for the peace or good behaviour, is denied quietly to enter into it, he may justify breaking open the doors, is order to take him; but he must first frgnify to thofo in the house the cause of his coming, and request them to give him admittance.

If the warrant specially direct that the party AaH be brought before the justice who made it, the officer ought not to carry him before any other; but if the warrant be general, to bring him before any justice of fuchplace, the efficcn has the ele&on to bring him before what justice he pleaseth, and may cany him to prison for refuting to find surety before such justice.

If the party is carried before another justice, and not before him who issued the warrant, such other justice must take the surety, and bind him by recognizance in all points as theforn of the precept doth reauire.

If the officer arrest the party, and do not carry him before the justice to find sureties; or upon the refusal of the party, if the officer shall arrest him, and do not carry him to the gaol, in both these cases the officer is punishable by the justices for this neglect, by indictment and fine at their sessions. When the party cometh before the justice, he must offer sureties, or else the justice may commit him; for the justice needeth sot to demand surety of him*

If a man that was bound to keep the peace, hath broken his bond, the justices ought of discretion to bind him anew; bat not until he be thereof convicted by due course of law.

The recognizance, which the justice takes for the keeping of the peace, is rather of congruity, than by any exprefr authority given either by the common law, or by liatute.

The recognizance is forfeited, if the party make default of appearance, and the same default shall be recorded.

It may also be forfeited by any actual violence to the perfba of another, whether it be done by the party hiafclf, or by others through his procurement.

The justices cannot, in any case, proceed against the jwty, for a forfeiture of his recognizance, either in respect of his doc appearing, or breaking the peace; the recognizance itfdf, with the record of default of appearance, ought to be removed into so<ne of the courts at Westminster.

He who is bound to the peace, and to appear at a cernia

day,

I

459

Surety for the peace,

4tjr, mu ft appear at that day, and record his appearance, although he who craved the peace cometh not to desire that it may be continued ^ otherwise the recognizance cannot be discharged.

Surety for the good behaviour.

A MAN may be compelled to find sureties both for the good c. 1x2.

behaviour and for the peace; and yet the good beha- Good behaviour viour includeth the peace; and he that is bound to the good i"tludeth peace* behaviour, is therein also bound to the peace.

The surety* of the good behaviour is of great affinity with Dalt r# that of the peace, and is provided chiefly for the preservatioa of the peace; and is moll commonly granted either in the Granted in fef-open sessions, or by two or three justices out of sessions. Yet, fJon, or ^ two by the words of the commission, as also by the common opinion or more justice of the learned, one justice alone, out of sessions, may grant this surety of the good behaviour. But this is not usual, unless it be to prevent some great and sudden danger, especially a gain ft Out of session*, a man that is of any good estate, carriage, or report. And it by ooe» shall be good discretion in the justices, that they do not grant cTutioVna*1* it, but either upon sufficient cause seen to themselves, or upon jafticCt the suitor complaint of others, and the same very honest and credible persons.

A man may be bound to his good behaviour for many causes of scandal, which give him a bad same, as being contrary to good manners only; as for contorting with women of bad same; or for (peaking words of contempt of an inferior magistrate, as a just ice of the peace, or mayor, though he be not then in the actual execution of his office; or of an inferior officer of justice, as a con liable, and such like, being in the actual execution of his office.

It seems the better opinion, that no one ought to be bound to the good behaviour, for any rafti, quarrelsome, or unmannerly words, unless they either directly tend to a breach of the peace, or to scandalize the government, by a*bufing those who are intruded by it with the administration of justice, or to deter an officer from doing his duty.

The magistrate has a discretion ary power to take such surety of all those whom he shall have just cause to suspect to be dangerous, quarrelsome, or scandalous ; as of those who Geep in the day, and go abroad in the night; and of such as keep luf-picious company ; and of such as are generally suspected to be robbers, common drunkards, and the like ; and all other persons of evil same.

' In general, whatsoever act or thing is of itself a mifoeha-viour, is cause sufficient to bind such an offender to good behaviour.

See Appendix, No, jo.

Nona Swearing.

1 Haw. 3». Causes of chit fuict)fln^.

Id.

Not for word* only, unless of t daugercua' tcnoency.

Id.

Sufje<9ed per» Tons, fee that article.

D*lt, ct 114.

460

Swearing.

19 G. 1. r. «!

Punishible in eight d«ji.

According to tank*

Second offence double; a>l after, treble. To the poor*

1A.

In pretence of justice.

V-

In prrfrnce of a constable.

TJ.

If known to him, how to ad

Br.rn, vcl.

J> 293-Conff 1 ble to prosecute.

JQ G. x. €> St* Offender sum-nu>ned, how punished.

U.

Cuffs over and above the penalty.

"JA.

Re/using to pay, to be committed*

//.

Soldier or sea-hwd fweaiiijg*

IF any person shall profanely cnrfe or swear, and be thereof convicted on confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor) within eight days, he shall forfeit as follows : That is to say.

Every day labourer, common soldier, or common Teaman,

is.

Every other person pnder the degree of a gentlemen, as.

And every person of or above the degree of a gentleman, 5 s.

And for a second offence, after conviction, doable; and for every other offence, after a second convidioii, treble.

Which said penalties shall goto the poor of the parishwhet* the offence was committed.

If such person shall curse or swear in the presence and hearing of a justice (or mayor). Sec. he shall convict him without other proof.

If in the presence and hearing of a constable, if he is unknown to such constable, the said constable shall seize and carry him forthwith before the next justice (or mayor of a town corporate), who shall convict him upon the oath of such con-liable*

If he is known to such constable, he shall speedily make information before some justice (or mayor), &c. in order that he may be convicted.

The constable, if it be in his hearing, is required to prosecute ; but any other person also may prosecute if he pleases.

Such justice (or mayor) shall immediately, on such information, on the oath of any constable, or of any other person, cause the offender to appear before him ; and on proof of such information, convict him : And if he shall not immediately pay down the penalty, or give feenrity to the satisfaction of such justice (or mayor), he may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for ten days.

The charges of the information 4nd conviction shall be paid by ^he offender, if able, over and above the penalties j which charges shall be ascertained by such justice.

And if he shall not immediately pay such charges, or give security to the satisfaction of such justice (or mayor), he may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for six days, over and above such time for which he may be committed for non-payment of the penalties 5 and in such case, no charges of information and convidioQ shall be paid by any person.

If a soldier or seaman, profanely curling or swearing, fell! not pay or secure the penalty, and also the costs of the information, summons, and conviction, he shall, instead of being committed to the house of correction, be ordered, to be publicly set in the flocks for one hour for every Angle offence, and for any number of offences, whereof he shall be convicted at one and the same time, two hours*

The

J

v

1

Swearing. 461

The conviction shall be in the words and form following: J9 *

Be it remembered, that on the day of in the °°n*

year of his Majesty's reign, A. B. coniAfled before

the, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the ,riding,

division, or liberty aforesaid (or before me mayor of the city or town of within the county of ) of

fw earing one or more profane oath or oaths, or of curjing one or more profane curse or curses. Given under my hand andfeal the day and year aforesaid

The just ice (or mayor) shall cause the con vision to be fairly jj, written upon parchment, and returned to the next general or Returned to quarter-ielliona for the county, to be filed by the clerk of the feflkons* j>eace, and kept dmongst the records.

If any justice (or mayor) shall omit his duty, in the execution of thib aft, he shall forfeit 51.5 half to the poor where he ica*Ujon)a(-shall reside, and half to him that shall sue in any court of re* ticei neglect of cord. duty.

The constable omitting his duty, shall, on conviction, on /,/. oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor), forfeit 40s. On Constablo't to be levied by distress, half to the informer, and half to the neglect, poor: And if he have not sufficient goods whereon to levy, such justice (or mayor) may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for one month.

This act shall be publicly read four times in the year, in all churches and chapels, by the minister immediately after £ imIu8* morning or evening prayer, on the Sundays next after March 25, June 24, Sept. 29, and Dec. 2;, on pain of $1. for every offence, to be levied by distress, by warrant of a Justice, mayor* or other chief magistrate.

Theatres licensed,

BY this act, justices of the peace may, at the general or 3.*.30. quarter-sessions, at their discretion, grant licences fdr At general or the performance of plays, &c. under the restrictions herein *u*ter-sessions* specified, that is to say, withio any city, town, or place, situ-ate within the limits of their jurisdiction, for any number of Limitation of days, not exceeding 60 days, to commence within the next six months, and to be within the space of four months, to be specified in the said licence. Only one licence shall be in use at the same place within the jurisdiction so given, and such place not to be within 20 miles of London, Westminster, or andofplace. Edinburgh, or within eight miles of any patent or'licensed theatre, or within ten miles of the residence of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of any place within the same jurisdiction*

462

*3 G. }. (. 39.

Majority of juP Uu neotilary.

Notice to the chief m; gift rate.

aS 17.

$ize o(, reels.

Thread, how ^4vie up.

Penalty on offenders*

Fslfe (lamps*

Two or more jmftices.

Theatres licensed.

distioe, at which, within six months preceding, a licence on- 7 der this act shall have been bad and exercised, or within 14 miles of either Oxford or Cambridge, or within two miles or 1 the outward limits of any city, town, or place, having peco- I

liar jurisdiction; nor where any licence under this act shall I

have been had and exercised at the same place, within eight '

months then next preceding.

Licences are not to be granted within any place having pe. -d coliar jurisdiction, without the consent of the majority of the I

justices acting for such jurisdiction j or unkfs an express coo- |

dition shall be therein inserted, that the same shall not be va« V

lid and effectual until it have been approved by such majority, '

at a meeting holden express, for taking the same into con- ,

sideratiom.

No licence shall be granted, unless three weeks notice be j

givea to the mayor, tec previous to the application for a li-. /

cence. ' I

Thread made up in Ounces, &c.

FROM June 1, 17S8, reels of less circumference than one yard, used in making ounce thread, are to be forfeited,

and also 5I.

All ounce or nun's thread manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in hanks, ounces, quarters, and pounds, avoirdupoile weight, each hank containing 30 threads or rounds of the said reel of one yard or 36 inches in circumference, of the same quality and fineness ; and each ounce containing a particular number of such hanks entire, of the same quality and fineness, and no fractions or broken parts of a hank; and each quarter containing four such ounces, of the same quality ana fineness; and each pound containing four such quarters, of the same quality and fioepefs; and the cover of each pound or smaller package of such thread shall be inarked with a damp, ascertaining the contents of such package to be ounce or nun's thread, and specifying the number of hanks in each ounce thereof, and expressing the manufacturer's name and place of abode* Persons making up ounce thread contrary hereto, or felling the same, shall forfeit the thread, and 10I. for each pound weight thereof.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to thread of 40 threads in the hank, manufactured prior to June 1, 7788.

Persons counterfeiting damps, shall forfeit the same, and the thread, and also 10I.

Any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, within which any offence against this act shall be committed, or within which the offenders shall reside or be found, may hear and determine all offences against this

1

r

t

1

I

Thread made up In Ounces, &c. 463

this act, on information exhibited, or complaint made to them 1* *7» in writing 5 and upon proof made thereof, either by confession, or examination of the party accused^ or by the oath of two or more credible witnesses, may give judgment for the forfeitures and penalties, according as in and by this act is directed, and may issue their warrant for carrying such fenrences into execution, and for levying the penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed within ten days) of the offenders goods or effects; and for want of distress, may commit the offenders to gaol for the space of three months, unless such penalties be sooner paid and satisfied;

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the general quarter- power of appeal, sessions, upon giving security to make good the sentence, and *0 pay such costs as shall be ordered in case such judgment shall be affirmed.

The justices may mitigate the said penalties, provided that Mitigation-of such penalties shall ia no case be reduced below one half, and penalties, the full costs of the prosecution.

If any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justices, and shall ne- witness refu-gleft or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuie, every fag to appear* <such person shall forfeit, to and for the use of the prosecutor, the sum of $1. besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give evidence by means of another summons.

Tithes.

(1 RE AT tithes are chiefly corn, hay, and wood. Small 6.

' VJT tithes are the predial tithes of other kinds, together with Great tithes, those which are called mixt and personal. Offerings, obla-lions, and obventions, are the customary payments for com- 0 efUI*l# municants at Easter, for marriages, christenings, churching of women, burials, and such like.

Of these demand must be first made; and if any person shall Id. fail in the payatent of the same, by the space of 20 days after Mo,k P*- such demand, the person to whom the feme shall he due may ceea,nA,!°

1 m t 1 cover luftfOs

‘make complaint* in writing to two justices of the peace, neither of whom is patron of the church or chapel, nor rnterested in the tithes.

Hereupon the said justices shall summon,t in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, every person against whom such complaint shall be made. And after appearance, or default of appearance (the warning or summons being proved upon oath), the said justices shall proceed to hear and determine the complaint; and give in writing under their hands and seals, such compcafetion as they feall judge to be

Set Appendix,No. Si, fSt« Appendix, Vo.

just

464

Tithes.

76? 8 tr. c.6.

Cort* not exceed! of 10s.

Id.

To be levied by distress*

*7 G. % . e.

Distress detained four days, or to eight.

7 8 /r. *. 6.

Power of appeal, x G. ft.a. c. 6* Quaker refuting.

Jd.

Justices bow to att.

Jd.

Not above lot* co ft a, iot*

u.

To be levied by distress and file*

Exception as to time of bolding diOiefa.

Power of appeal.

just and reasonable; and also such costs and charges, not exceeding 10s. as upon the merits of the cause shall appear jail.

Also they may give coils, not exceeding 10s. to the party prosecuted, if they shall find the complaint to be false and vexatious.

And if any person shall refuse or neglect by the space of tea days after such notice given, to pay or satisfjr such fam id* judged; the constables and churchwardens, or aay one of them, shall,' by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices, dillrain* his goods.

But the distress shall be detained not leis than four days, for more than eight; and the officers may dedu& the charges not only of making and keeping the distress, but also of the salt.

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two jafiices, may appeal t<J the next sessions*

Where any quakerf shall refuse to pay or compound for the same, any parson, vicar, or other person who ought to receive or collect any such tithes, rates, dues, or payments, may make complaint to any two justices, other than such as is patron, or any way interested in the tithes*

Upon which complaint the justice shall summont in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, such quaker. And may proceed to examine the truth of the complaint, and to ascertain and (late what is due and payable.

And by order under their hands and seals, they may duett $ and appoint the payment thereof; so as the sum ordered (as is aforesaid) do not exceed 10I. And also such costs and charges as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding ios*

And on refusal to pay, it shall be lawful for any one of the two next justices, by warrant under his hand and seal, to levy the same by di(lrefs|| and sale, rendering the overplus, the necessary charges of distraining being thereout first deduded and allowed by the said justice; unless it be in the case of appeal, and then no warrant of distress shall be granted, till after the appeal shall be determined.

By the statute of the 27 G. 2* r, 26, which in all other cases gives the justices power, in their warrant of distress, to order the goods distrained to be detained for a certain time, not left than four, nor more than eight days, the goods of quakers distrained for non-payment of tithes and*church rates, are not ordered to be detained, before sale, for any number of days. '

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two jaftices, may appeal to the next sessions*

See Appendix, No. 87* J See Appendix, No. 86.

-J- See Appendix, No. Si* f Set Appendix, No* 88/

\ See Appendix, No. 84.

It appears then, that churck-ratn not paid by quakers, may be rtcoveiad before two justices of the peace, in like manner as their dlhos. Sec 7 8

nr. 34. I G. i. Jt. 2, c6.

Tobacco.

Tobacco

4^5

THE j aft Ices shall, & month before every sessions, issue H&13& their warrants to all high and petty con {tables, to search *6* what tobacco is planted, cared, or made, and by whom ; and to make presentment in writing, on oath at the next sessions. Report to the of the names of such persons as have planted, cured, or made feffioiti* any tobacco, and what quantity ofland is or was'planted, and who are the tenants or occupiers thereof, who shall also be deemed the planters.

And all constables, and other public officers, (tlall, within Id.

14. days after warrant from two justices, utterly destroy all to- Seed and plant bacco feed, plant, and leaf planted, sowed, or growing in b« destroyed. any field or ground. And if any shall refuse or neglect to affist the constable, he shall, on conviction before two justices, forfeit 5s. to be levied by warrant of the said justices by distress; and if no distress can be found, he shall be committed to the common gaol for one week. And if any period shall refill the constable or other person in the due execution here- Penalty on roof, he shall, on conviction before two justices, forfeit 5I. by ![?£!* wa# warrant of the fa)d justices, by distress; and if no distress can be found, shall be committed to the common gaol for three months.

Any servant employed in adulterating tobacco and snuff, 46.

shall, on conviction before two justices, by oath of one wit- Adulterating it. ness, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding fix moiiths.

And if any tobacco or (talks, exceeding 24.ll>. or snuff ex- *4 4*

ceeding lolb. shall be found removing by land from the port Certificate of of importation, without a certificate of payment of the duty, *u the same, together with the packages, horses, and carriages,

shall be forfeited; and the carrier shall, besides, be committed to the county gaol for one month by one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be fonnd.

The seizure of the said horses and carriages- may be prose- SeiSare of cuted and determined before two justices redding near the hor<ea,fcc. place where the seizure was made.

After the 10th of October, 1790, all vessels bringing to- 9

bacco into Great Britain, of the growth of the United States, Mtnifcft on from any part of the said states, are to have on board a mani- board *nr to* fest, made out by the master or commander, before the clear- bac6a * ing of such vessel, containing the name of the place of loading, the name and built of the vessel, the measurement or tonnage thereof, according to the register of the same, together with the christian and surname of the master or person having command, and the place to which such vessel belongs, and a true account of all the tobacco laden on board such vessel, with the number of the cases, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each case, together with the marks and numbers, and the tare of each such case; and such weight of the tobacco and tare shall also be marked on each such case.

O o By

Tobacco,

466

29 G. 3. c. 68. Conditions of importation*

Penalty on not h*i ng proper Bumiclts*

Mtnlfeft toVc delivered Co the ftctr*

Bulk brokrn

illegally, & ip forfeited*

Tobacco boded without a warrant, forfeited*

By 19 G. 3- ' 35. tobacco of the growth or manilfa&ore of Ireland, may be imported into Great-Britain, under the following conditions, to wit, that the collector and comptroller of the customs, or other chief officer of the costoms, at the port of lading, shall, after the clearance of the vefle I, deliver to the mailer or commander, a manifest, containing an account of all the tobacco, with the number of packages, and the marks of each package, and the quantity of tobacco contained therein, and the tare thereof; and shall immediately transmit a duplicate of such manifest to the of of the customs ia Great-Britain ; which manifest is to be delivered by the snifter, on his arrival at his port of discharge, to the colledorof the customs at the time of making his report ; and any maker neglecting to deliver such manifest, forfeits the fnm of tool.; ana such tobacco is to be imported in casks, containing 4J0 pounds weight of tobacco, and is, in other respects, to be liable to the same regulations as tobacco imported from the Britflh colonies in America*

After the 10th of October, (790, if any tobacco shall be imported into Great-Britain* without the proper manifests, the master or commander of the vessel forfeits the fam of 2<x>l.

The master or commander of any vessel having on board, or bringing tobacco, either from his M aj eft y's colonies or plantations in America, or from the United States of America, shall, upon the arrival of the vessel within the limits of any of the ports of Great-Britain, or within four leagues of the coasts, produce and deliver to the officers of the customs or excise, who shall.come on board such vessel, his manifest, ora true copy thereof; and the officer shall certify such production, or receipt of such copy, on the back thereof; and the first officer of the customs, who shall come on board, shall fallen and lock down the hatchways leading to the place of stowage in such vessel; or upon the neglect of the first officer, then any other officer of the customs shall do the same; and the master or commander shall cause the alliftance of a sufficient number of the crew to be given to such officer: And if any master or commander shall fail in any of the respects above-mentioned, or if any such hatchway shall be afterwards opened, or if any of the faltenings shall be afterwards broken or damaged, before being opened by the proper officer or officers of the customs, he shall forfeit 200I.

If, after the arrival of any vessel having tobacco on board, within the limits above-mentioned, bulk shall be broken before the proper officers of the custdms shall have authorized the unlading thereof, such tobacco, with the vessel and her appurtenances, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officers of the customs or excise, and such master or other person shall forfeit the sura of 200I.

If any tobacco or snuff, imported into Great Britain, shall be landed in Great-Britain, without a warrant figued by the

. . - 1 proper

Tobacco.

467

proper officers of the culloms and excise, and without their 3. 68i

presence, all such tobacco and snuff, and the packages, with the vessel in which the same shall be imported, shall be forfeited, and may be feised, and the proprietor, importer, or consignee, of such articles, and the mailer, mate, or other person or persons, having the charge of such ship or vessel, and every person who shall be in any wise concerned in the un shipping or delivery of such articles, or to whose custody or pofle£> fion they shall afterwards come, he, she, or they, knowing the lame to have been so unshipped, shall forfeit treble the value of such tobacco or snuff respectively, to be estimated according to the highest London price of such articles.

Certain places are to be appointed by the of of the culloms, at which vessels arriving with tobacco are to be moored, and the mailers having the command of such vessels. Moorings for *re, at their colls, to cause their vessels, immediately upon vessels laden their arrival, to be moored at such places, and the vessels are w*ch tobacco, to remain there until the tobacco shall be delivered, and the vessels cleared ; and any mailer or commander failing in either of the respects above-mentioned, forfeits the Aim of tool, un-lcfa^in the judgment of the said of, he was prevented from compliance by some unavoidable accident.

On the arrival of any vessel with tobacco or fnuflf at her True entry at moorings, the mailer or commander is to make a true entry the custom-upon oath, at the cullom-hoafe, of the burthen, contents, and house. lading of such vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents of every parcel of goods, to the bell of his knowledge or belief, on pain of the forfeiture of tool, and all unreported tobacco, found on board such vessel, becomes forfeited, together with the packages; and the mailer or commander, at the time when such entry is made, is to deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the culloms, the mani-fest before-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting the sum of tool.

The importer, proprietor, orconflgnee of tobacco imported, is, within ten days, if the whole or major part of the vessel's enter the num-con tents be tobacco, or within fifteen days, if the major part her of cases, of the contents confill of other goods, after the entry shall have been made, to make with the collector, or chief officer of the culloms, and also with the collector of excise, a true entry in writing of all the tobacco on board such flaip or vessel, with the number of cases, and the particular marks and number of each, and the weight and quantity of tobacco contained therein, agreeably to the manifeA, and to the particulars of the entry before-mentioned.

No tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, brought into any port u0 can

of Great-Britain by coall-cocqucty or permit, can be landed, be landed before or put on Ihore, without an entry first made with the proper an entry maae. officer of the culloms of the port, by the person bringing the same, or to whom the same are consigned, on pain of the forfeiture of double the value.

O 0 o iWithin

Manifest delivered co the collector.

Importer to

marks and number of each) 9cc»

Tobacco

468

ID C» j* t» 68# Entreiof snuff w th the proper ortcci*.

Otherwise, lodged in the tuiiom-hooir vrtrthouff*.

Tohtcco from wiecits deputed.

Every case of tobacco to be narked#

Snuff landed, weighed and marked aa to* bacco*

Tobacco to be cleared in 24 month*.

Entry of pff-rnilci.

Within ten days after the entry, the importer, proprietor, or consignee, are to make entries, with the proper officers or

customs and excise, of all the snuff on board the vessel, be* longing to them, specifying whether the same be snuff imported by the East India Company, or from any British plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies, or from any other place ; and also the number of cases, with the par* tic alar marks and numbers of each of them, and the weight and quantity of snuff contained therein ; and, on the neglect of such persons, any of the officers of customs or excise may convey all such tobacco and snuff, with the cases, to some of the warehouses to be provided by the respective of of the customs in England and Scotland, for securing and lodging tobacco and snuff at the several ports of importation : And such tobacco may be secured therein for twenty-foqr months, and such snuff for one month, unless the same be cleared and taken out before the expiration of such times: Be* fore which clearance or delivery, rent is to be paid to the proper custom warehouse-keeper, after the rate of 6d. per week for each case containing tobacco or snuff.

All tobacco and snuff, from any vessel wrecked or in distrefe, on thecoaftof this kingdom, is to be deposited and fecored in the neared cu Horn-warehouse, and is to be liable to all the regulations and forfeitures mentioned in this act.

The officers of the customs on board every vessel in which tobacco shall be imported, are to mark every case of tobacco with such marks as the of of the customs shall di-red, and no case of tobacco may be unQiipped before marked.

The imp.orters, proprietors, and consignees of snuff im-

fiorted, are, after the entry of the vessel and of the snuff, to and such snuff, as is directed, concerning the landing of tobacco ; and such snuff, when so landed, is to be marked, weighed, and dowed in like manner.

Tobacco lodged in any warehouse, is to be cleared, and taken from thence, either for exportation or home-trade, within twenty-four months after the importer, proprietor, or consignee shall, or ought tp have, made his entry in writing ; and snuff is in like manner to be taken out within one month ; and the importer, proprietor, or consignee, intending to clear and take from any warehouse any tobacco for home trade, or any snuff, jnuft give at lead twenty-four hours notice in writing to the codom and excise warehouse-keepers, of his intention so to do, and of the particular cases and marks of such to-bfeco and snuff so intended to be cleared or taken out.

Every manufacturer of, and dealer in tobacco or snuff, three days at lead before beginning to manufacture or fell any tobacco, tobacco-dalks, Spanish tobacco stalks for tobacco daJk flour, snuff work, tobacco Aalk flour, or snuff, i$ to ;ra*e a true and particular entry in writing, of all the premises uied

by

Tobacco.

R by him for manufacturing, felling, or keeping any of the said i* articles, at the office, within the limits whereof his premises tit shall be fitaated, on pain of forfeiting the fam of 200I. for 11 every part of such premises made use of, without such entry, its together with the articles before mentioned, found therein,

:ri with the packages.

i,\ Within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, no U manufacturers are to be permitted to make such entry, but ty such as are occupiers of tenements, of the yearly rent of 10I. a and for which he or they are assessed in their Own names, and pay the parish rates ; nor in any other part of the kingdom,

& unless such person or persons are assessed, and pay to the church and poor 5 and no entry is of avail to any person or persons not Jo qualified, or for any longer time than the person or aj persons making the entry are so qualified.

^ Over the outer door, or in the front, or in some conspi- cuous part of every house, warehouse, (hop, room, cellar, l. vault, or other place used by any manufacturer or dealer, for 'J manufacturing, keeping, or felling any of the above-mentioned articles, the words Manu Dealer in . baecoand Snuff, or Tobacco or Snuff, or Manufacturer of, or

Dealer in Tobacco and Snuff, or Tobacco or Snuff, as the case . may require, are to be painted or written in large legible ?. characters, on pain of forfeiting for each place made use of,

". without such words, the sum of 50I.

Any person not having made such entry, who hath these words painted or written, as before-mentioned, forfeits the

£ sum of tool.

None of the articles above-mentioned are to be manufactured out of the limits of the chief office of excise in London,

f. except in cities and their suburbs, and in market towns, and also except in places more than five miles distant from any part of the sea-coast of Great-Britain, unless such place or places shall be a city or suburbs thereof, or a market town within three miles of some port, into which tobacco may be imported, ifc and in which the manufacture of tobacco or snuff shall be car*

If ried on at the time of passing this act; and every person ma« 4 nufaftoring or causing to be manufactured, any such articles, in any other place, forfeits the sum of 50I.

\i> But no licensed manufacturer becomes liable to the said pelf nalty of 50I. on account of his manufacturing, or causing to be manufactured, any of the articles above mentioned, at any is* tobacco or snuff manufactory, duly entered, and which shall have been used as such at any time before the 5th of July ,7S9-d On or before the 30th of September, 1789, a troe account d is to be delivered upon oath by every manufacturer of and d dealer in tobacco and snuff, to the bed of his knowledge and .ji belief, at the office of excise, within the limits of which his pi premises shall be, of the several quantities of tobacco, tobacco it italks, and snuff respectively, being in his possession or custody 4 on

46$

29 G*J*

Entries to be made by persona a tie fled and paying rates.

Infcrlption on door*

Penalty oa la* feribing unentered boufee*

Places excepted from menu* fa£tucio|*

Place licensed, if duly entered before the ;th of July 1789*

Account of stock.

470

r$ G.3. r. 68.

Unentered snuff and tobacco forfeited.

Manu/a«flarer't entry at the cfiice of excise.

Licences, where granted.

Rtt* of licence*

to IT. STi utac*

ta;eri>

Tobacco.-

on the 30th of September, 17895 and every manufacturer, for every neglect in the delivery of such account, forfeits all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and snuff, whereof no such account shall be delivered, together with the packages.

All tobacco, snuff work, and snuff, in the possession of any manufacturer or dealer, on the said 30th of September, 1789, or within ten days following, for which he shall not have credit on the custom-house books, or, in default thereof, Qull not make satisfactory proof to the commissioners of excise, that he bought the same in the fair way of trade, from some person or persons openly known and reputed to be a regular dealer or dealers therein, becomes forfeited with the packages.

Every manufacturer of tobacco or fa off, three days at leait before beginning to manufacture, must make true and particular entry in writing, at the proper office of excise, of every engine for performing any process whatever, in the manufacturing of either of the said articles, on pain of forfeiting the sum of 50I. for every such utensil not so entered.

Persons manufacturing or dealing in tobacco,or snuff, are, before such manufacturing or dealing, to take out licences, as the case may require, which licences are to be granted as follows : — That is to say, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the of, or of Ibme persons by the major part of them appointed for that purpose; and in any other part of England, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the respective collectors, and foper-vifors of excise; within the limits of the city of Edinbnigh the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise for Scotland, and in any other part of Scotland, under the hands of the respective collectors and supervisors 5 and the respective persons authorized to grant such licences, are to grant the same to all persons applying for the same, and paying as follows, that is to say, the sum of 40s. for each licence, granted previous to the 10th of November, 1790, authorizing the manufacture of tobacco and snuff until the 10th of November, 1790; but for all licences to manufacture, granted after that time, the following sums:

If the tobacco and snuff work weighed for manufacture by the person or persons applying for the licence, within the year ending the 10th of October, previous to the taking out such licence, shall not have exceeded the quantity of 20,coolb. - .2

From 20,oooolb. to 30,0001b. - - 3

From 30,0001b. to 40,0001b. - - 4

From 40,0001b. to 50,0001b. - . $

From 50,0001b. to 6o,oooolb. - - 6

From 6o,oooolb. to 70,0001b. - .7

From 70,0001b. to So,oooolb. - - 8

o 0 o 0 o 0 o 0 o o o o o o Freni

Tobacco.

9

10 12

*5

20

O O

o o o o o o o o

From 8o,oooolb. to 90,0001b.

From 90,0001b, to ioo,oooolb.

From loojoooolb. to 120,0001b.

From i2o,oooolb. to 150,0001b.

If such articles shall have exceeded 150,0001b.

For licences to deal in tobacco and snuff, the following sums are to be paid, viz.

Within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, - - - -050

In any part of Great-Britain, - -026

Such licences are to be renewed ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months, and so from year to year; and any person manufacturing tobacco or snuff without taking out the proper licences, forfeit! the sum of 200I. or dealing without licence, forfeits 50I.

But persons duly licensed to manufacture tobacco and snuff, need not take out licences for dealing in the same, provided they do not, at any time, fell tobacco in a less quantity than four pounds weight, or snuff in a less quantity than two pounds weight.

Persons in partnership, manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, in onehouse or shop only, are not obliged to take out more than one licence in a year; but no licence granted under this act authorizes any person or persons to manufacture or deal in tobacco or snuff m any other house, warehoofe, shop, or other place, than such whereof an entry in writing was made at the office of excise, at the time of granting such licence.

Before beginning to strip or spin any tobacco, or to press any tQbacce for cutting, the manufacturer is to give, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or of the city of Edinburgh, fix hours notice hi writing ; and within any other city or the suburbs thereof, or any market town, twelve hours notice in writing; and Id any other part of Great-Britain, twenty-four hours notice in Writing, of his intentions so to do ; and in feach notice for Gripping tobacco mud specify the weight of tobacco intended to be manufaCthred; and in each notice for spinning, pressing, or making into carrots, the several weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed , fj>un, or made into carrots; and in each notice for flattening tobacco stalks for Spanifti, mull specify the weight of tobacco stalks fb intended to be flattened ; and in every such notice the hour aivd time of beginning such operation is to be specified; and the proper officer of excise shall attend, and the manufacturer shall, at that time, or within an hour afterwards, begin to weigh and separate all tobacco stalks, &c. Intended to be pre/Ted, spun, &c, ; and immediately after such weighing, shall deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying how much of such tobacco is intended to be manufactured; and

anf

47*

19 C. 3. c. 68.

Rate ofllcen-ces to dealer*.

Renewed every year.

Dealer's licence, when required.

One licence in a house.

Notice before ftrlpping to- . bacco.

472

£9 ^' 3* e*

M>ting plants or learct to re-Iambic tobacco*

Officer discorer-ing work carried on in to unli-cental place.

Eitife officer* power of entry.

Scales and weights to be kept by maoa« fasturer cod denier*

Tobacco.

any manufactorer failing, io any of the respects above-mentioned, forfeits the fnm of aol*

Any person cutting any wain at-tree leaves, hop leaves, fy. camore leaves, or leaves, herbs, or plants to referable tobacco, or mixing, or procuring to be mixed with tobacco, toy of the said articles; or felling, or expo ling to sale, or having in his custody or possession any of the said articles, prepared or mixed as before-mentioned, forfeits the sum of 200I. and all such ar-tides, together with the tobacco with which the same may be mixed, with the packages containing the same.

When any officer of excise shall discover that the mistiac* turing of tobacco or fauff is carried on in any place not duly entered, and shall at the same time discover, in inch place,toy person or persons knowingly afiUting, or in any ways concerned in such private manufacturing, every person so discovertd forfeits the sum of 30I. over ana above all penalties and forfeitures, to which the proprietors of such tobacco or snuff shall be liable; and such officer or officers, and all people affine in their aid, may arrest all such persons, and convey them before some just ice or ju dices of the district, who, upon confession of the party, or proof by the oath of any credible witness, may convict such persons; each of whom, oa conviction, moil immediately pay to the officer the sum of 30I. on pain of being committed by such justice or ju dices to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for the ace of six months from the day of conviction, unless such sum be sooner paid; tod toy person twice convicted of the same offence shall forfeit, on the second conviction, the sum of 60I. on pain of being committed to the house of correction for the term of one year, or until the said sum be paid.

Any of the officers of excise may at all times, between the hours of five in the morning and eleven in the evening, either with or without a constable, or other officer of the peace, or between the hours of eleven in the evening and five in the morning, with a constable, or other officer of the peace, enter into every place belonging to, or ofed by every ounofic-turer of or dealer in tobacco or snuff, and take aa account of the quantity and quality of all tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spa-nish tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk Hour, or snuff in his enstody or poflession.

Every mannfadnrer of and dealer in tobacco and fnnfFisto keep fafficient and just feales and weights at the places where he mall keep, manufacture, or deal in tobacco, fnoff work, or snuff; and as also to permit any of the officers of excise to tie the same, for the purpose of weighing any such articles, 00 pain of forfeiting the fnm of tool.; and any manufacturer dealer using, or suffering to be ofed, any unjust or infnffidest (bales or weights, shall forfeit the sum of 200L and such feales and weights.

Every manufacturer of, or dealer io tobacco or fnoff, as of-

Tobacco.

473

ten as required by the proper officer or officers of excise, is to *9 ?

assist, with a sufficient number of his servants, to the utmost takin

of his power, such officer or officers, in taking an account of accounts!* °8 the articles above-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting the sum of 50I.

£ut no officer of excise is authorized to weigh any tobacco, N*t to weigh tobacco Italics or snuff work, whilst actually in the operation while making, of manufacture, except such snuff work as any manufacturer shall intend to send out or receive by permit.

Unmanufactured tobacco, in the state of operation, is at Separation of all times to be kept separate from manufactured tobacco, on tobacco, pain of the forfeiture of $ol.

The officers of excise may take a sample or samples of any Samples may be of the articles above-mentioned, in the possession of any raa- ukeo. nufaCturer of, or dealer in, tobacco or lnuff, paying for the same (if demanded) the value, or usual price; and any manufacturer or dealer obstructing any officer in taking any sample or samples, upon his paying for the same (if demanded), forfeits the sum of tool.

If any officer of excise shall discover any increase, not !e- incre»fe oflbch gaily accounted for, in the (lock of any of the articles above, forfeited. mentioned, above the quantity of each fort found by the officer at any preceding survey, so much of the Hock as shall be found increased becomes forfeited, and a quantity equal to the increased quantity, may be seized by any of the officers of excise; and the manufacturer or dealer, in whose flock the Increase was found, forfeits the sum of 20I.

Any manufacturer removing, or causing to be removed, any Penalty on retobacco or snuff, from any of his entered premises, before the moting tobxce same has been weighed and taken an account of by the proper officers of excise, or hiding, or procuring to be hidden, any wei* in*' tobacco or snuff from the light of such officer or officers, forfeits the sum of 50I.

No tobacco (not being returns of tobacco) of four pounds weight or upwards, nor any snuff of two pounds weight or upwards, can be removed from one part of this kingdom to another, without a permit, on pain of the forfeiture of such Permit required articles, together with the packages containing the same, and the cattle, boats, and carriages used in the removal thereof.

When any licensed manufacturer or dealer has occasion to remove any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, from his entered premises, the proper officers of the distriCfc are, without fee or without fee. reward, upon request, to give a signed permit in writing, expressing the distinct weight of such articles, with the names of the per Tons from whom the same is to be removed, and the names of the persons to whom, and the place to which the same is to be removed ; and in such permits, the time within which such articles shall be removed, and the time within which they shall be received, shall be limited.

It is not unlawful for any manufacturer of snuff to fend for P p p sale,.

474

19 3*

Alt p^rfons for-b dde*i to frll without permit, and hj-a leers and pcci-rs even Vvith pennit.

How to be dealt with.

Penalty on

counterfeiting

permit.

Concealed tobacco, &c.

Justice's specia! warrant.

Onicer m^y go

or. board any ship, &c.

Tobacco,

sale, by permit, any snuff manufactured by him, from any p^rt of this kingdom, to any other part thereof.

When any person shall offer any of the articles above-mentioned to lale, without having a permit for the same, or when any hawker or other person, trading from town to town, or from house to house, either on foot or with any cattle, shall oiler any of the said articles to Tale, although with a permit, the person or persons to whom the same shall be offered, may fti.-.j all such articles, and carry them to the next custom or excise warehouse, and bring the offenders before the next jaf. tice of the peace, who shall commit them to prison ; and, after the condemnation of the articles so seized, and the commitment of the offender, the of of the customi or excise are to pay the same rewards to such persons as would be due to any officers making such seizure ; and, if desired, are to pay, before the sale of the articles, the fnm of 3d. for every pound of such articles so (eized, upon a certificate from the justice of the offender or offenders being committed to prison ; and after the sale of such articles, the monies so 2dra*« ced are to be repaid out of the produce of such sale.

Any person counterfeiting, or procuring to be counterfeited, any permit for the removal of any of the articles before.mentioned, or altering or erasing any untrue permit, or knowingly publishing or using any permit counterfeited, falsi-fied, or altered, forfeits the sum of 500K

When any officer of excise shall have canfe to suspect that any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, which shall be unlawfully imported, or shall be forfeited under this or any otheT aSof parliament, is concealed in any place, then, if such place is within the cities of London or Westminster, or of the chief office of excise in London, he is to make oath before any two of the commissioners of excise, or in any other part of Great-Britain, before some justice of the district, letting forth the ground of his suspicion; and the person or persons before whom such oath shall be made, may, by specia! warrantor warrants, authorize the officer or officers, by day or by night, but if in the night, in the presence of a con liable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into the suspected premifos, and seize and carry away such articles so concealed, with the packages ; and the person, obllrutting such officer or officers, or the persons afling in their assistance, shall forfeit the fom of 100I.

Any of the officers of excise may go on board any ship or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaffi, and may continue on board and search for all tobacco and snuff, and may seize all such articles as shall be forfeited, with the packages, and also the vessel. if the same shall be forfeited on account of such articles.

Any

fl

s

c

ft

II

61

4

li:

it

'S

lit

eS

oi

£15

I,*

*5

20

*5

:3»

w

dfc

iii; if !* r» }

is;

Jjjf

\S

<1*

Tobacco. 475

Any person assaulting, refilling, or obstructing any of the 29 <7* 3* officers of customs or excise in the execution of this or any other act relating to tobacco stalks, tobacco, orfnuff; or af- 1 J" ° ter the seizure of any forfeited goods, refeuing, or causing the same to be refeued, or attempting so to do, shall forfeit (where no other penalty is particularly provided by this act) the sum of 200l.

Any person giving, or offering any bribe, recompence, or Bribing officer# reward, to any of the officers of customs or excise, to connive conniving at at or permit any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, to be run on smuggiing io-shore; or to connive at any false entry ; or giving or offer- biCCO> &c* ing any such bribe, in order to prevail upon any such officers to do any thing contrary to their duty, shall forfeit the sum of 500I.

Any person taking a falseoath, where an oath is required puniA-

by this act to be taken, incurs the pains and penalties of able as in other perjury, cafc5*

No person, any way interested in the bufinef9 of manufac- Noiusticecm turing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, can aftasajustice of aft,ifintereileJ, peace in any thing relating to this act; and all alts done by such persons are void.

Penalties and forfeitures created and imposed by this act. Recovery of and to be sued for by order of the commissioners of the cuf- penalties, toms, or by any officers of the customs, are to be sued for and recovered, except where otherwise directed by this act, in the same manner as penalties, and forfeitures for other offences against the culloms.

And penalties and forfeitures sued for by order of the com- Excite penalriet, missioners of the excise, or by any officers of the excise, are how sued for. to be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, according to the laws of excise; or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Wellminiler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and one half of every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall go to the king, and one half to the informer, except where otherwise directed by this act.

' The duties and drawbacks settled by this act, are to be le- Duties «n<J vied and paid (except where any alteration is made by this drawbacks a# aft) in the same manner as formerly ; and all tobacco and formerly, snuff are to be liable to the restrictions and forfeitures settled by any acts relating to the revenues of the customs, as formerly, except where the same are altered by this act : And all the laws of excise, except where other provisions are made by this act, are to be in force with respect to tobacco and snuff.

The 24 G. 2. e. 41. — 26 G. 2. c. 13. — 23 G. 3. c. 11. — What acts re-25 G. 3. c. 81. — and 26 G. 3. r. 13. — as far as they relate to puled, tobacco and snuff, are repealed.

All actions brought against any person for any thing done Limitation of in pursuance of this act, are to be commented within three time of actions.

P p p 2 months

Tobacco

476

29 c. 3. c. 68, months after the thing done, and are to be laid in the proper county; and the defendants in such actions may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence ; and in case of a verdict for the defendants, or if the plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue, or foffer judgment upon demurrer, or otherwise, the defendants shall hare treble costs.

',0 C. 3. r. 40.

Duties on tobacco for exportation*

Allowance for fluinking.

Size of calks for Importation*

Mult be mans* fadured*

Mean tobacco to be burnt.

Clause in former act repealed*

Places to be set uo for manu-f dory of tobacco, See*

Tobacco Act Amended.

BY this amendment of the act of 29 G. 3. r. 68. only the duties of id* and 2d. per pound, are to be paid for Spa-ni(h or Portugal tobacco, deliTered for exportation from the King's warehouse.

If there be a difference in weight by (hriokage, such tobacco is to be paid for according to the weight when delivered ost of the warehouse.

No tobacco or snuff is to be imported in cafits, containing less than 4501b. on pain of forfeiture, &c. except as provided by the former act.

No tobacco (except Spanish or Portugal, and snuff) is to be imported, manufactured, or in any state of manufattore, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, with the hogsheads, cades, &c. and other packages respectively containing the same, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, which may be fuzed by any officer or officers of the customs or excise*

Tobacco imported on or before October 10, 1789, and remaining in any warehouse on July 5, 1790, shall be deemed tobacco imported since October 10, 1789.

The of of the customs and excise may arofc damaged or mean tobacco to be burnt within three days after refusal to pay the duties.

That part of the former act, which prohibits the manufacturing of tobacco, &c. out of the limits of the excise office in London, except the places therein specified, is hereby repealed.

From July 5, 1790, no manufeftory of tobacco, &c. is to be set up within five miles of the sea-coast, except in the places into which tobacco may be imported. c. and except in any place or places, within three miles of such ports and places respectively, and also except in cities and the fnbnrbs thereof, and market towns. All persons manufacturing any tobacco, tobacco (talks, &c in any house, or other place, being !efs than five miles distant from the sea-coast, except in places herein-before excepted, shall, notwithstanding any entry of the same, be deemed and taken to be manufacturers of tobacco

cr

Tobacco.

477

w or snuff without entry. Nothing in this shall extend to places 30 c» 3* 4®*

i» duly entered at the excise office before July 5, 1789. si Snuff work may be manufactured into rappee, Scotch, or Souffwork. a brown Scotch snuff, though different from the declaration delivered to the officer, if the manufacturer observe the regula-a tions of this act; but notice shall be given to the officer of any intention to manufacture snuff work different from the declaration*

Every manufacturer of snuff may add to any parcel of snuff SnuflTIn of*-work in operation, any quantity of tobacco, &cvupon giving, ration maybe gj from time to time, to the proper officer of excise, previous to increased on such increase, notice in writing of such intention, specifying the particular cask and calks, in which such snuff work has ^ been, or shall be taken, and the time when such snuff work !3t was firit laid down, and also the time when any increase, if 51 any, was made thereon.

The whole of any parcel of snuff work in cure, may be Two parce|t mixed with the whole of any other parcel in cure, though laid mixed before an down at different times, if mixed in the presence of any of- officer, ficer, &c.

When any manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall have occasion to supply the demands of their customers with manufac-tured tobacco or snuff, from any parcel or quantity of tobacco or snuff work in operation, before the whole of such parcel of Snoffworkin tobacco or snuff work shall be completely manufactured, such operation may manufacturers, in the presence of the proper officer of excise, betaken in a may take, for the purpose aforesaid, any manufactured tobacco or snuff, not less than two hundred pounds in weight, from ore n ccu any particular parcel or quantity, then in operation provided that such manufacturers shall give to such officer of excise, a like notice in writing, and in every such notice shall specify the weight of such manufactured tobacco or snuff so intended to be taken, and also the time or times when such parcel was weighed to be put in operation j. and if taken without such notice, &c. the manufacturer shall forfeit 50b

British rappee, Scotch, or brown Scotch snuff, completely Liquoring snuff, finished, may be liquoted before mixed with snuff of a different making, so it exceed not the legal credit. Manufacturers intending to liquor snuff, for which the legal credit has not been received, are to give notice to the officer of excise, specifying the kinds and weight of each kind of such snuff so intended to be liquored or damped, and how much such snuff, and each kind of such snuff, at the time when an account was first ifcken of the same by the officer of excise, fell short of the greatest extent of credit given to such manufacturer or manufacturers by the said act, or by this act, for or in respect of such kind of snuff; and every such manufacturer or manufacturers, immediately on such officer's attendance, shall, in the presence of such officer, weigh all such snuff intended to be liquored or

Tobacco

478

30 G. 3 r. 40.

In parcels of ao-ib.

Scotch snuff. Sea how to be inanu&fiured.

Dve may be used

f r sinning tobacco*

Part of a cla'jfe, 5 1 y, reprated, selecting permits*

damped, and liquor or damp the same ; and re-weigh the same; and if the same, upon being so weighed, shall not, by means of such liquoring or damping, have increased in weight more than such snuff, at the time of first taking account thereof by the officer of excise, fell short of the greatest extent of credit given to such manufacturer or manufacturers by the said act, or by this act, for or in respect of such kind of snuff, then such snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and no part thereof shall be forfeited for or by reason of foca increase of weight, but such manufacturer or manufacturer! shall have credit for the same in stock accordingly.

No snuff is to be liquored in less parcels than 20olb. nor in more than four different parcels of one making. Snuff, for which such an allowance shall be mace, is to be kept separate from all other snuff, &c. on penalty of 20I.

Scotch snuff and tobacco ltalk flour may be manofadored into brown Scotch snuff, and tobacco (talk Boar into rappee snuff. For every one hundred pounds weight of snuff, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture with tobacco Ibtlk flour for brown Scotch snuff, he shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and forty-one pounds weight of brown Scotch snuff; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such Scotch snuff so manufactured.

Manufacturers may keep and use dye for llaining tobacco; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

So much ofclause CXV. of the last aft repealed, as directs that the permits for removal of tobacco or snuff from the mill, shall be for no more than the weight after being floved or dried. Permits may be granted for the removal of not less than 2001b. of unmanufactured tobacco in any package, from entered premises to the mill, subject to the rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, See. in the said act, or in this act contained, for the removal of tobacco from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof. Tobacco ftaiks dripped from the leaf may be removed by permit, from entered premises, out of the limits of the bills of mortality, &c. to any place within those limits, subject to the rules, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said act, or in this act prescribed for the removal of tobacco llalks from any part of this kingdom, to any place not within the said limits, in case such manufacturer shall not have received into his premises, custody, or pofl'ession, at the time of requesting such permit, any other tobacco llalks whatever, whereof the proper officer of excise has not taken account, or whereof such officer has takea account, in pursuance of the said act, as tobacco llalks received into such entered premises, by permit, from the flock of any other manufacturer or manufacturers.

Tobacco,

Tobacco

479

1 Tobacco, &c. may be removed, by permit, to any entered P mill to be manufactured, &c. provided that every request note

For such permit, and every such permit for such removal, shall r set forth the purpose for which the same is to be removed, and " the particular process or processes of manufacture to be performed thereon at such mill. Permits for removal of tobacco, &c. from the mill back to the manufacturer's premises, are not

' illegal, by reason of any process or operation of manufacture : whatever having been performed thereon at such mill. it' Snuff work removed, except from the premises where laid z down to the mill, shall be forfeited, &c. and shall and may be j seized by any officer or officers of the cultoms or excise.

% Notice shall be given, previous to the beginning any ope-y. ration of manufacture, and if the operation be not begun in

- an hour after the specified time, a fresh notice mud be given.

2 All penalties and forfeitures imposed or created by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, as any fine,

r* penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or .j) mitigated, by any law or laws of customs or excise, or by ac-r, tion of debt, bill, plaint, pr information, in any of his Ma-i: jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of cx-chequer in Scotland, respectively, and one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them,

' who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

i* Torn.

r* ^TT^HE (herifPs torn is the king's court of record, holden li X before the (heriif, for the redressing of common grievances within the county.

3' Peers, clergymen, and tenants in ancient demesne, are privileged from appearing at the torn.

Transferring.

i*

5f

P

f

i

50 G, 3. c. 40* Tobacco may be removed by permit to any e acted mill.

When liable to be seized and forfeited.

Notice of operation to be began.

Penalties and forfeitures, bow sued for*

l f/tfTr. 55. Torn described#

51 // 3. a Who exempt from appearing*

48 o

Transferring Taxes.

©likes.

^. c. 47. *"T"*HE of for patting in execution the cn

r* whomttanK X houses, and windows or lights, and inhabited hoiiies, I'encd from shall be of for executing this present act; they ricifc ;ndiUnr.p shall meet every year on or before the 30th day of April; and shall then divide themselves to in separate districts, and

proceed in the execution of this present act, for a/fcfling and toileting the duties on carriages and hor/es, in thefaoeman-ner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, See. except io far as alteration is made by this

ad.

No person shall presume to act as a commi/Eoner in the execution of this act (except in admini/lering the oath of qualiS. cation herein-after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths requisite to qualify him for acting as a cornmiffioner of the several duties charged on houses. sad also shall have taken the following oath : (that is to (ay),

Commtftioner t« rake the oaths.

The oath.

I A.B. do swear, that I avit/ truly and

office of a comm iffcner, according an act made in lykjier of the reign of Ung George the third* for transferring tke rierpt

and management of certain duties therein mentioned from tkt ctr-miff oners cf excise, and the comm ijflo tie of stamps is the commissor.ers for the affairs of taxes ; and also for mat is if* ther provisions in respect to the said duties so determine, without favour cr aff'eJJiou, upon all appeals which fall f be brought before me, under the said according to the of I

my skill and knowledge

So help me GOD.

By whom ad.

mini He i cd.

Doty to be paid quarterly.

Assessors under the other atts may ad under chi*.

Which oath any two or more of the of, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorized to administer; and if any person' shall act as a commissioner in the ! execution of this act (except as aforesaid)L, before he shall hare taken such oaths, he shall, for every oflence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

The duties on carriages and horses, to be afiefled oadtr this act, shall be paid quarterly, 1. r. on the 5th day of Ji* nuary, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of July, and the 10th day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments to be made on the loch day of Odo- i ber, 1785, for the duties on coaches, chaises, &c. 5 andoa 1 the 5th day of January, 1786, for the duties on waggons, 1 wains, and ether such carriages, and on horses. 1

If at any time there shall be a neglect of appointment of if- 1 feffors for the said duties on houses, and windows or lights; fl or if at any time the assessors appointed shall neglect what is J required of them by this act, it shall be lawful to and for the J surveyors or inspedors appointed under authority of the said h acts, relative to the duties on houses, &c* and they are hereby J

authorized I

Transferring Taxes.

authorized and required to do and perform such and the like services as, by the said act, o tany of them, are required from such assessors.

Every person appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor or infpfe&or hereby authorized to act as an assessor, shall, before he presumes to ad, take (besides the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by assessors, by the before-mentioned acts, ; relative to the duties on houses, &c.) an oath, or, being one t of the people called quakers, make and subscribe a solemn af- formation, in the following form: i

I A.B. do/wear[or affirm, as the case may require], that

i in making tht assessment, a which,authority of an in

|< the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the , for

i transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein

rf mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of

ii stamps respeSiuely, to the commissione for the affairs of taxer, I i\ will charge all persons according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation, any two or more of the com-0 missioners, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any person so ap-nt pointed to act as an aiTeiTor, shall prefame to ad before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit, 1(J for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

The of, in the precepts directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places, within their respective ; districts or divisions, naming whom they shall think (it to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on 2 hopfes, &c. shall cause notice to be inserted, that such persons ^ are also appointed assessors of the said recited duties upon car-j riages and horses.

Assessors shall, within fourteen days after their appointment [ yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any carriage or horse liable to the said duties on car-. riages and horses, within the limits for which such assessors are to ad, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of 14 days, one list in writing of car- riages liable to the said duties ; the said lift to describe the ?- greatest number of such carriages which such person shall have kept at any one time in the course of the year, ending on the T 5th day of April preceding such notice, distinguishing which are kept for private use, and which for hire, and which are ^ used as public stage coaches ; and another list in writing of the number of horses liable to the said duties on horses; and every ij such person shall iign the same with his or her own hand, and jj caofe it to be delivered to such assessoror assessors, when he or they shall call for the same ; and if any such person shall ne-

q glea

481

as 0.3. <.47.

Assessors must take the oaths.

The oath;

Two com mi ffioners may administer iC,

AfTcfT»rs also on ' carriages and hoi fes.

Assessor's duty*

482 Transferring Taxes.

*$G\ 3 e. 47. If ao lilt maae out, iflclior to make one*

Such assessment final and con* dative*

Term« of the lilts*

If asseiTrd irt two parishes r ditin&»«

pertifica‘e from the other*

Number to be paid for elsewhere*

Power of fur* Charting.

Assessments to be delivered to the commission era.

gleft or refuse to make oat, sign, and deliver such lifts, within the time be fore-mentioned, then such assessor or afieflors shall, from the bell information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such person.

And every such assessment so made shall be final and conclusive upon the person thereby changed, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall alledge such excuse for not having delivered his or her lift or lifts, as the of shall think reasonable and sufficient.

The lifts which shall be delivered, shall contain the greatest number of such carriages and horses, which the persons from whom such lifts are required, shall have at any time kept and nfed, between the 5th day of July, and the 5 th day of April.

If any person, having been assessed under this a ft one parish or district, for his or her carriages or horses within the same, shall be again afiefled in another parish or district, the of may and are hereby required to alter any assess-roent of such person so assessed twice, if proof be made, as to the fast of payment, by producing a receipt signed by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or, by other reasonable evidence, to the satisfaction of the (kid of, or the major part of them*

And the aforesaid proof, as to the fa£ of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made, either by producing a copy or certificate of the assessment, signed by two or more of of the district for which such assessment shall have been made, or, by other evidence to the satisfaction of the of, or the majority of them*

Every person who shall be called upon by virtue of this act, to give such lift or lifts as aforesaid, shall, when he or she Dull give in such lift or lifts, make a declaration signed by him or her, of the number of such carriages and hones ns he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the parish or district wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other carriages and horses; and the said afieflors shall ester the declaration at the end of their federal assessments, and deliver them to the surveycr for each p&rish or di ft rift, that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissiottcn for managing the affairs of taxes.

In case the lifts delivered to the afieflors shall be found deficient, they may surcharge the same, and make n true afTdf-ment upon every person keeping such carriages or horses within their respective district s, of the real number of carriages or horses kept by every such person, distinguishing every fuel carriage or horse in manner herein-before directed.

Afleifors shall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing their assessments of the said duties on coaches, carriages, and horses, within the limits for which they aft, unto the said of, or any two or more of them, within the space

e:

r

Transferring Taxes.

of three calendar months next after the time of their being appointed; and the said of shall, within one calendar month, or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their hands to the said assessments, and to such surcharges as may have been made, either by the assessors, or surveyors, or in-fpcCtors, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall like-wife appoint two of the persons named or presented in each of such assessmeots to be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said com mi (Turners shall think able and responsible for the respective divisioni for which collectors shall be so presented ; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, so allowed of, onto the persons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same; .for whose paying unto the receiver-general, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall be answerable.

Surveyors under the before-mentioned acts may inspect the lifts of carriages and hQrfes before they are signed, and amend them, if they shall see just cause for so doing; and if such surveyors discover any omissions after the lifts are signed, they are to certify the same in writing, together with an account of every carriage and horse omitted, and its proper description, according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of, in order to have such omission or under-rate rectified in the said assessment; and such of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

Where any person liable, under the directions herein-before Contained, to deliver such lifts or declarations as aforesaid to thea(Te(Tor or assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift or declaration, to such a(Te(Tor or assessors, he or she so refuiing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Where any assessor, surveyor, or inspector, shall make a surcharge upon any person for or in respect of any carriage or horse omitted to be mferted in any such lift or declaration as aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after the rate of double the duty for every carnage or horse so omitted ; and the affeffor, surveyor, or inspector, so making such surcharge, shall be, and is hereby in titled to, and shall have and receive for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every fur-charge which shall be justly made upon any such lift or declaration.

Inhabitant householders shall deliver lifts of lodgers who keep carriages or horses liable to the said duties, on a week's notice left by the assessor, Sec. containing thechristian and surnames of such lodgers and inmates, and also an account of

Q^q q 2 every

483

25 G. 3. c. 47

with the fur-charges.

Collector to be appointed.

Their duty.

Surveyor's

power to in-spect lids.

Penalty on not delivering lifts*

Surcharge so b# double the duty*

Lifts of lodger* having cat 1 iago &Ci

484

Transferring Taxes.

*5(7.3.*. 47. every such carriage, with such description as is herein-before required, and of every horse liable to the said duty* on a penalty of 10I.

If any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves over-charged, or over-rated by any assessment, charge, or surcharge, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them. Power of appeal, to appeal to the said of ; and any two or more of them shall hear and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her lift or lifts, and shall not assign sufficient cauie for such omission; in which case it shall be lawful for the said of to difmiis the appeal.

At the time of hearing the appeal, the appellant shall deliver , on oath, a list of the greatest number of carnages and horses kept by him, or her, within the year preceding the 5th day of April in every such year, with such descriptkra and explanation, and also such lift or declaration as to other dif-trids as is herein-before required ; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days to be appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned, with respect to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

The of shall not make any abatement in the charge, unless it shall appear, on oath, that the appellant is

overrated.

Every person intending to appeal to the said commissionen, shall give at the least ten days* notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor and assessors, and appellant, shall have fall power and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said of determining the (anac.

Commissioners may remit the penalty before directed to be paid to the assess'or, upon application of such appellant, if they shall be of opinion, that there was any doubt whether the carriage or horse so surcharged was rateable, and was not omitted with any intention to defraud the revenue.

If it shall appear to the of that such forcharge nilhtd for »exa. was falsely and vexatiously made, such surveyor, assessor, &c. tiou* Curchatge. shan forfeit and incur such penalties and punishments as in and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, in-spedors, or assessors, for neglect of duty.

Alj appeals once heard and determined by the said coro-missioners, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final, except that if either the said surveyor or iDfpedor, or the person so appealing, shall apprehend

If the lift* hare been delueied.

Greatest number the preceding year.

Days tf appeal.

No abatement of charge.

Notice of appeal.

Penalty" remitted in a case of doubt*

Surrey or pu-

Petition final.

Transferring Taxes. 485

hend the determination made by the said of to be *5 ? 47*

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall be lawful to require the said of to (late specially, and e

lign the case upon which the qucition arc 11-, together with 3 their determination thereupon ; and cause the same to be delivered to the party making such requell as aforesaid, to be transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king's bench, or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer*

And every such justice and baron is hereby required, with Theiranswer ta all convenient speed, to return ananswer to such case so trans- the case, initted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of the appeal, shall be altered or confirmed ; and in Scotland, such case shall be transmitted to the court of fession*

But the determination of the said of shall stand Former psy« with respect to the payments which shall become due, prece- menu undent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or charged, baron, upon such case.

Every penalty, under this act, of a greater sum than twenty Above ad. in pounds, shall be recovered in anyofhis Majesty's courts of re- Westminster. cord at Westminster ; or in the court of session. &c. in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdoms ; and one moiety shall belong to his Majesty, and the Application, other to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

The assessments which are to be made under the authority what horfti of this act, shall be made for all horses whatsoever belonging liable to any person within the kingdom of Great Britain, which shall, on any occasion, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage now or hereafter subject to any ex-Cife duty.

Provided that on proof, on oath, made to the satisfaction of the said of, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm, not worth more than 1501. a year to be WH,t f,rm let, shall have been so assessed, has been only used for the pur- hu,le eKca*l>t# pose of riding to and from market, or church, or other place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it shall and may be lawful for the said com. miflioners, and they are hereby required to make an abate. , ment of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong.

In all cases where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed Twt) doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recover jCl<*

able before two or more justices, on proof of the offence, either by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible wit-uefs or witnesses; one moiety of such lad mentioned penalty shall be paid to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the in- Apd'otlcn of former or informers prosecuting for the same ; in case of non- p^

payment.

846 *5G. 3. ^47*

1

Const«Wes to be liding.

AAiona within year*

19 G. 3. c. 74* The purpose of penirentiaiyr houset.

K<np. "in.

rule's ?i 16$. l H I!. 37J*

«JftVnder may he apprehended by a joftice.

Information

taken.

Evidence bound over.

O^Fer^er commit ced.

Transferring Taxes.

payment, it shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner ; for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of the county, town, or place, for not more than six months, nor less than one, as such justices shall think proper.

All constables and headboroughs, and other officers, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this act.

All actions for any offence against this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed; and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void.

Transportation.

Punishment in lieu of Transportatioru

PENITENTIARY houses, for confining and employing hard labour, in one of the said houses, such male coovids, and in the other such female convicts, as shall be ordered to imprisonment and hard labour* were, in pursuance of this act, to be erected ; but that ad expired in June, 1784.: Several acts have, however, since patted, which fcem to have had con-(lantly in their view the prudent and wholesome provisions of the former act of 19 G.3.5 and all the houses of corredioa lately erected, and now erecting, axe evidently dettgaed as well to reform as to punish offenders,

Treason.

THOUGH treason and misprifton of treason are not within the letter of the commission of the peace, yet, inafianch as they are against the peace of the king and of the realm, any justice of the peace may, either upon his own knowledge, or the complaint of others, cause any per Ton to be apprehended for any such offence. And such justice may take the examination of the person so apprehended, and the informatioD of all those who can give any material evidence against him, and put the same in writing ; and also bind ovqr such as are able to give any such evidence to the king's beach, or gaol delivery, and certify his proceedings to such court.

And having committed the offender (for he is by no means bailable by justices of the peace, 5 I. e. 15. 2 Hmxo. 99.)

it

Treason.

it may be adviseable for him to fend an account immediately, of all the particulars, to a secretary of Hate.

The nature of treason, which had not been exactly defined before, was ascertained by the 25 3. — Which aft was re-

in forced by the 1 Mar. — So that no offence is now to be adeemed high treason, unless declared to be such by the fayi statute 25 Ed.3. or by the 1 Mar. or by fbme subsequent iia-tute.

Treasurer of the County.

THE treasurers shall be persons resident in the county or division, and shall be appointed by the justices at their general or quarter-fessionst fird giring sufficient fecnrity to be accountable for the money which shall be paid to them in pursuance of this act (for levying of county-rates), and to pay such sums as shall be ordered by the jadices in sections, and for the due and faithful execution of the truds reposed in them.

Turnips, &c. &c. &c.

IF any person shall deal and carry away, or maliciously pall up or destroy, any turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, or carrots, growing or being in any garden, lands, or grounds, open or enclosed, he shall, on conviction before one judice, by confession or oath of one witness, forfeit such sum, not exceeding 10s. over and above the value of the goods dolen, as to such judice shall seem meet; fird making the owner satisfaction for the damage: The sum forfeited to be distributed between the owner of the goods dolen and the over-seers of the poor where the offence is committed, or the whole to be given either to the owner of the goods, or to the over-seers of the poor, as the judice shall think fit. And in default of payment, the judice*shall commit him to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

Where the conviction shall be on the oath of the owner, the whole of the penalty shall be paid to the overseer for the use of the poor.

And the conviction shall be drawn up to the following effect: Be it remembered,that on the day of in

the year of our Lord A. B. is duly eonvifled before

me, C. D. Ejq. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of [specifying the offence, and the time and

place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand and stal the day and year afirf /aid.

Vagrants.

487

2 Warn. 39. Account to fe» ctetary of fiat*.

Treason define* by statute.

»i G. 2. e. 29, By whom appointed.

Security t» be given.

1} G.5. t. j«.

Stealing turnips, See. Pease, Sec.

Penalty.

Commitment for a month.

Application of

penalty.

Form of cosk

vision.

488

Vagrants

J. 4.

Haw delcrikdi

One j oft ice may commie*

Reward for appreba&diof*

17 G.«. f» 5* Dot under (even I ears.

Various de-feriptiant of rogues at.d vagabonds.

a 7 C. ft c. 5.

v. Idle and disorderly persons.

IDLE and disorderly persons shall be sent to the house of correction ; by the 17 G. 2. c. 5, they are thus described I* A11 persons who threaten to run away, and leave their wives and children to the parish. — 2. All persons who shall unlawfully return to the parish or place from whence they have been legally removed, without bringing a certificate. — 3. All persons who have not wherewith to maintain thera-selves, live idle without employment, and refafe to work for the usual and common wages given to other labourers in the like work, in the parishes or places where they are. — 4. All persons going about from door to door, or placing themselves in streets, highways, or passages, to beg or gather alms in the parities or places where they dwell. It shall be lawful for one jnflice to commit such offenders, on confession, on his own view, or 00 oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month* The justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, may order any overseer where such offenders shall be apprehended, to pay 5s* to any person in such parish or place so apprehending them, for every offender so apprehended ; to be allowed in his accounts, on producing the justice's order, and the person's receipt to whom it was paid ; and if the overseer shall neglect or refafe to pay the same, the said justice, on oath thereof, may, by his warrant , order the same to be levied by distress and sale of his goods (returning the overplus, if any, to the said overseer), and in such case he shall not be allowed the same in his accounts.

2. Rogues and vagabonds.

AN infant under the age of seven years, shall not be said to be a rogue and a vagabond ; but shall be removed to its place of settlement, as other poor persons not vagrants.

All persons going about as patenf-gatherers, or gatherers of alms, under pretences of loss by fire, or other casualty.

Persons going about as collectors for prisons, gaols, or hoL pitals.

Fencers.

Bearwards.

Common players of interludes, or other entertainments of the stage, not being authorized by law.

Minstrels, except those licensed by the lord of Dutton, in Che(litre.

Jugglers.

All

Vagrants.

All persons pretending to be gypsies, nr wandering in the habit or form of Egyptians.

Or pretending to have (kill in physiognomy, palmeftry, or like crafty science, or to tell fortunes.

Or using any subtle craft to deceive and impose on any of his Majesty's subjects.

Or playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays.

All persons who run away, and leave their wives or children, whereby they become chargeable to any parish or place.

All petty chapmen, and pedlars, wandering abroad, not being duly licensed, or otherwise authorized by law.

All persons wandering abroad, and lodging in ale-houses, b'arns, out-hoofes, or in the open air, not giving a good account of themselves.

All persons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be soldiers, mariners, or seafaring men. But not soldiers wanting subsistence, having lawful certificates from their officers, or the secretary at war; or mariners or seafaring men licensed by some testimonial or writing under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace, setting down the time and place of their landing or discharge, and the place to which they are to pass, and the names of the chief towns or places through which they are to pass, and limiting the time of their passage.

All persons wandering abroad, pretending to go to work in harvest, without a proper certificate, from their parish*

All other persons wandering abroad and begging 5 and all q persons having any implement for house.breaking, or any of- 3 fenfive weapon with felonious intent, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds within the meaning of the statute, 17 G. r. 5.

3. Incorrigible rogues

ARE all end-gatherers offending against the statute of the 13 C. being convicted of such offence, viz. the collecting, ^ow buying, receiving, or carrying any ends of yarn, west*, thrums, short yarn, or other refuse of cloth, drugget, or other woollen goods.

All persons apprehended as rogues and vagabonds, and hav- lJt ing escaped from the persons apprehending them, or refusing to go before a justice, or to be examined on oath before such justice, or refusing to be conveyed by such pass as is herein after directed, or Knowingly giving a false account of themselves on such examination, after warning given them of their punishment.

All rogues or vagabonds who shall break or escape out of 1$. any house of correction, before the expiration of the term for Rrr which

49°

17 G,s. c, 5#

Constable Co ppiehead*

U.

Regard for apprehending.

Demand on high constable.

Penalty on con. liable refuting*

JA.

Constable*!

neglect.

U.

Privj search*

Vagrants.

which they were committed or ordered to be confined by this

aft.

All persons, who, after having been punished as rognes and vagabonds, and discharged, shall again commit any of the said offences.

If any person shall be found offending against this act, the constable shall apprehend him, and convey or cause him to be conveyed to a justice of the peace* And any other person may apprehend him, and carry him to the constable, or to a justice*

If any person, not being a constable, shall apprehend any such rogue or vagabond, and shall deliver him to a constable, or convey him to a justice ; or if any constable shall so apprehend and convey him, it shall be lawful for such justice to reward him, by making an order under his hand and (eal, upon the high constable, to pay ios. to the person so apprehending him, within one week after demand, and producing such order, and on his giving a receipt for the same ; which shall be allowed by the treasurerto such high constable, on paffinghis account* and delivering such order and receipt, and also his own receipt for the same to such treasurer ; the treasurer slfo to be allowed the same in his accounts, on producing the said vouchers; and in towns corporate, and other places, where there are no high constables, such petty constable shall pay or c retain such reward, and be allowed the same in his account, on producing the like vouchers. And if any high constable, , . or where there is none, such petty constable, shall refuse or neglect to pay such reward on demand, such justice, by his warrant,* may levy the sum of 20s. by distress and sale.

If the constable shall refuse or neglect to use his best endeavours to apprehend or convey to tome justice such offender; or if any other person, being charged by any justice (b to do,

shall refuse or neglect to use his best endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the constable, or to carry such offender before forae justice, where no constable can be found, he shall, being convicted thereof on view, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit ios. to the poor by distress.

The justices, or two of them, shall foor times a year at least, or oftener (if need be), meet in their respective divisions, and by their warrant, command the constables of every hundred, parish, town, and hamlet, who shall be assisted with sufficient I men, to make a general privy search in one night, for the apprehending of rogues and vagabonds; and every justice shall also, on receiving information that rogues and vagabonds are in any place within his jurisdiction, issue his warrant to the constable to search for and apprehend such rogues sod j

vagabonds, and such as they shall find upon such search, they i

shall cause to be brought before a justice. ^

See Appsndixj No* 99. '

Two

(^

Vagrants.

Two justices, in case any person apprehended upon a general privy search, or by a special warrant, shall be charged before them with being a rogue and vagabond, or an idle or disorderly person, or with suspicion of felony (although no direct proof be then made thereof), may examine such person on oatn, as to his settlement and means of livelihood; and the substance of such examination shall be putin writing, and signed by such person, and by the justices, and be transmitted to the next sessions to be hied ; and if such person shall no; shew that he has a lawful way of getting his livelihood, or shall not procure some responsible house.keeper to his character, and give security, if required, for his future appearance at some other day to be fixed for that purpose, the justices may commit him to some prison or house of correction, for any time not exceeding six days ; and in the mean time order the overseers of the poor to advertise in some public paper a description of his person, and anjr thing that shall be found on him, or in his custody, and which he shall be suspected not to have come honestly by, and the place of his commitment, and the time and place appointed for his re-examination ; and if no accusation shall be then laid against him, he shall be difw charged, or otherwise dealt with according to law.

Where any rogues or vagabonds, apprehended by any constable, or such other person as aforesaid, shall be brought before a justice, he shall inform himself by the examination upon oath of the person apprehended, or of any other person, of the condition and circumstances of the person so apprehended, and of the parish or place where he was lad legally settled The substance of which shall be put into writing, and be signed by the person or persons so examined ; and the justice shall likewise sign the same, and transmit it to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

And such justice shall order such person so apprehended, to* be publicly whipt by the constable, petty constable, or some other person, to be appointed by such constable, or petty eon-stable, of the parish or place, where such person was apprehended ; or shall order him to be sent to the house of correction tiir the next sessions, or for any less time, as such justice shall think proper.

Where any offender against this act shall be committed to the house of correction till the next sessions; and the justices at such sessions shall, on examination of the circumstances of the case, adjudge such person a rogue or vagabond, or an incorrigible rogu£; they may order such rogue or vagabond to be detained in the house of correction to hard jaboor, for any farther time not exceeding six months, and such incorrigible rogue for any further time not exceeding two years, nor less than six months; and during his confinement, to be whipped in such manner, and at such times and place, as they shall think fit; and such person may, if the sessions ;hink conve-

Rrr 2 nient.

491

*5 O. *. . 36.

Suspe&ed persons examined.

Committed for fit days. Advertised ia paper.

17 €. <5.

Place of fettie-ment.

Id.

Order for whip-

ping.

See amendment of this act, by 32 G. 3. <.45, below,

17 G. ft. 5,

492

17 G. z,. c, 5«

19 & 14 C. a.

c. t*.

Ju(Vices In feffton maj tiuf* port.

17 G> a. r. 5. Vagrant's child may be appre> bended*

In what cases detained*

Ui

P*fled to pari A*

U.

Duplicate of proceedings*

n.

Note, how to be conveyed.

Vagrants.

nient, afterwards be sent away by a. pass; and If such perfbo, being a male, is above the age of twelve year*, the court may* before he is discharged from the house of correction, fend him to be employed in his Majesty's service by sea or land. And if such incorrigible rogue, so ordered by the (eflions to be detained in the house of correction, shall break out or make his escape, or shall offend in like manner, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years.

The justices in sessions may transport such rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars, as shall be duly convicted, and adjudged to be incorrigible.

If the child of any vagrant, above the age of seven years, shall be committed to the house of correction, the justices in sessions, if they fee convenient, at any time before such child be discharged, may order such child to be placed out as afer-vant or apprentice to any person within their jurisdiction, who is willing to take such child, till such child shall be of the age of*ai years, or for a less time; and if any offender, who was found wandering with such child, shall be again found with the same child which was so placed out, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

Where any vagrants have been committed to the house of correction till the next sessions, if on examination of such persons no place can be found, to which they may be conveyed by a pass, the sessions shall order them to be detained and employed in the house of correction, until they can provide for themselves, or until the justices in sessions can place them in feme lawful calling, as fervaats, apprentices, soldiers, mariners, or otherwise.

After whipping or confinement, the justice may, if he thinks convenient, by a pass, under hand and seal, caofe the vagrant to be conveyed to the place of his lad legal settlement; but if it cannot be found, then to the place of his birth 9 or if he be under the age of 14 years, and have any father or mother living, then to the place of abode of such father or mother, there to be delivered to feme churchwarden or overseer.

The justice shall make a duplicate of the pass and examination, and sign the same; and shall afterwards transmit the duplicate of the pass, annexed to the examination, to the next (eflioos, there to be filed and kept on record ; and shall annex the duplicate of the examination to the pals, and (end ft with the same; and the said pass, examination, and duplicate thereof, shall and may be read in any court of record as evidence.

And the justice, who shall make the pass, shall with the pass cause likewise to be delivered to the constable a note or certificate ascertaining how they are to be conveyed, by horse, cart, or on foot, and what allowance such constable is to have for conveying them*

And

Vagrants. 493

a And the constable, who shall receive such pass and certifi- 17 G. ti cate, shall convey the person according to the direction of the C«nftabic'* a pass, the next direct way to the place where he is ordered to 0 cc# i:, be fen t, if it be in the same county, riding, division, corporation, orfranchise; if not, he shall deliver the said person :l to the constable of the first town, parish, or place, in the next ^ -county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; in the direct way to the place whither he is to be conveyed, together ^ with the pass and duplicate of the examination, taking his receipt for the same. And such constable shall, without delay,

' apply to some justice in the same county or division, who shall snake the like certificate, and deliver it to such constable, who shall, with all speed, convey such person unto the first parish,

^ town, or place to which he is to be conveyed. And so from k one county or division to another, till they come to the place f to which such person is sent. And the constable, who shall.

"I deliver such person to the churchwarden, or other person or- to

dered to receive him, by such pass, shall at the same time de- cn<

;* liver the said pass, with the duplicate of the examination, taking their receipt for the same.

The justices in sessions shall limit what rates and allowances, by the mile, or otherwise, shall be made, for conveying or Conveyance 3* maintaining rogues, vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues; and permiie.

3* snake such other orders for the more regular proceeding there-in, as they shall think proper.

& And if any petty constable shall bring to any high constable

such certificate as aforesaid, together with a receipt or note High const Me J( from the constable to whom the person was delivered, the said convince! a* high constable shall pay the rates ascertained by such certifi- ° cate, taking the petty constable'* receipt. And if the high £ constable shall refuse or neglect to pay the same on demand, it rf* shall be lawful for one justice, by his warrant, to levy double ti the sum, by distress.

Where the high constable hath not money in his hand fuf- ,6(7. a. e, 34-(icient to answer the said expences, the treasurer shall pay the or the county \i same to such petty constable, on his producing the certificate, treasurer# and such other vouchers as aforesaid.

If a petty constable, or governor of any house of correction, jj. ti shall counterfeit such certificate or receipt, or knowingly per Penalty on <«n-mit any alteration to be made therein, he shall forfeit 50I, — stab,.e ^ And if he shall not convey, or cause to be conveyed, such va- ref<lPt»

^ grants, or not deliver them to the proper person; or if any constable shall refuse to receive any such person, or to give ^ such receipt, he shall forfeit 20I. by distress and sale, by war-

^ rant of the justices in sessions, where the offence shall be com- of n(.g|r^;nf

mitted $ half to the informer, and half to the treasurer, to be to convey. j applied by him as part of the public (lock ; returning the over- plus upon demand, charges of distress being first satisfied.

^ The parish or place to which any rogue, vagabond, or in- jj. *

j corrigible rogue shall be conveyed, shall employ in work or Vagrant em-

place P1*)*1-

494

ljG, 2. f. 5,

If t^e examination be falls.

Vagrant, bow puni&ed foe it*

JJ.

Lunatic ▼«-giants.

u.

Looping xa-grantt-

Vagrant woman delivered.

ChlU.lfa

bast at d, not fe tried where borna \

Vagrants.

place in some work-house or alms-house, the person so conveyed, until he shall betake himself to some fenrice or other employment; and if he shall refuse to work, or not betake himself to some service or other employment, the overseers may cause hint to be carried to some justice to be lent to the hoofe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour-

But if the churchwarden or other person, who shall receive any person so sent, shall think the examination to be false, lie may carry the person so font before a justice, who, if he fee cause, may commit such person to the house of correction tin the next sessions; and the justices there, if they fee cause, may deal with such person as an incorrigible rogue ; but theperfoa so sent shall not be removed from the place to which he Is sent, but by order of two justices, in the same manner as ocher poor persons are removed to the place of their settlement-

Lunatic vagrants may be apprehended, and kept safely locked of in some secure place within the county, or precinct, as two justices shall appoint; and all charges shall be paid by the parish, township, or place, to which such person belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens and overseers for that purpose.

If any person shall knowingly permit any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, to lodge or take (belter in his house, bam, or other out-house or building, and shall not apprehend and carry him before a justice, or give notice to the constable so to do, and (halt be convicted thereof by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor Icfs than 10s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress and sale; and if any charge shall be brought on any parish or place, by means of such offence, the same shall be answered to the said parish or place by such offender, and be levied by distress and sale of his goods as aforesaid; and if sufficient distress cannot be found, such offender shall be committed to the hoafe of correction by the justice, for any time not exceeding one month.

Where any vagrant woman shall be delivered of a child or children, and become chargeable, the churchwardens or overseers may detain such woman in their custody until they cat safely convey her to a justice, who shall examine her, and commit her to the hoofe of correction until the next sessions ; who may, if they fee convenient, order her to be publicly whipped, and detained in the house of correction for any further time not exceeding six months. And upon application by the churchwardens and overseers of the place where (he was (o delivered, the justices at such sessions shall order the treasurerto pay them such a sum, as shall be adjudged a reasonable satisfaction for the charges such place has been put to on such woman's account. And if such woman shall be detained and coo-veyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which -(he is delivered, if a bastard, shall not be settled in the place where so ' born,

Vagrants.

495

born, nor be sent thither for want of other settlement, by a 17 *c* 5*

pass, by virtue of this act; but the settlement of such woman shall be deemed the settlement of such child.

And that it may appear that the overieers have done what , .

was incumbent upon them, in order to avoid such settlement, it is requisite for the justice (as he ought to do in all other cases JultKC r° m*BC wherein he afteth as judge) to make a record of the whole ceedinii. proceedings before him ; which record (as it seemeth) will be the proper evidence in such case, if the settlement shall afterwards be contested.

If any constable, or other officer, shall be defective in his duty, in any case for which no punishment is herein before Negligent con-particularly provided ; or if any person shall hinder the execution of this act, and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of puQ* one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor under 10s. to the poor by distress; and, if sufficient distress cannot be found, shall be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding two months.

To defray the expences of apprehending, conveying, and maintaining rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, and Espencet.of defraying all other expences necessary for the execution of this count aft, not herein before provided for, the justices in sessions may cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as the general county rate.

Any person aggrieved by the act of any justice out of sessions, W. in or concerning the execution of this act, may appeal to the appeal,

next general or quarter-sessions of the county, riding, liberty, or division, giving reasonable notice thereof; whose order thereupon shall be final.

This act, after a recital of 6 G. I. c 19. empowers justices *- c. 3. c. it. to commit those vagrants, and other persons charged with Vagrant* to (mail offences, either to the common gaol, or to any house of OT correction, within their respective jurisdictions, as to such juf- 0 coric ion* tices shall seem moil proper, whom by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, they are, or shall be authorized to commit to the common gaol.

This act requires that rogues or vagabonds ordered to be Vagrants c«n-conveyed by pastes, agreeable to the 17 G. 2. 5, commonly fined torfcv«»

called the flagrant Ad, be publicly whipt or confined in a house of correction, until the next general or quarter-sessions, or for any such less time as the justice of the peace shall think proper; provided that such less time shall be at the leall for the space of seven days, and that such justice of the peace shall certify, in the pass by which such person shall be ordered to be conveyed, that such person has been actually publicly whipt, or confined in the house of correction for at least the space of seven days; No person shall be so whipt or imprisoned, and conveyed by a pass as a rogue or vagabond, who (halUnot have committee! an act of vagrancy within the true

intent

L.

496

3* G.3 r. 56.

Fafs to futh only at have cnnnmi'trd a<fU of vagrancy. When reward may be paid to coa liable.

No female whipped.

Convilt may

be passed*

Prisoner acquitted or discharged by pro* c tarnation

may be passed

w'thout fee.

Who may be appointed to convey.

Vagrants may be conveyed to tre nearest house of car* rcitun.

Vagrants.

intent and meaning of the said and who shall not have been convicted thereof.

No justice of the peace shall order any reward to be paid to any con liable or other person for apprehending any rogoe or vagabond, until such rogue or vagabond shall have been pu-nithed as hereby directed, and until the examination required by the aforesaid act be actually transmitted to the next general or quarter-sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

No female vagabond shall be whipt in any case whatfemr. Any of his Majesty's judges at the assizes, and the justices, at the general or quarter-sessions, or any justice of the peace, is and are hereby impowered to order, whenever he or they shall think proper, any convict, upon his discharge from prison, to be conveyed by pass under hand and seal, in manner and form directed by the ad 17 <7. 2. c. 5. and according to the provifxons therein contained ; and the judge, justices, or justice aforesaid, is or are also empowered to convey by pass any person who shall be acquitted at the affixes, or general or quarter-sessions, or discharged by proclamation or otherwise, who shall of himself or herself, or by any other person in his or her behalf, apply to the court whereat he or she has beta acquitted or discharged, or to any justice of the peace, so be conveyed as aforesaid; and the judge, justices, or justice aforesaid, shall certify in such pass that the person so conveyed was discharged from prison, or a person acquitted, or otherwise discharged, at the assizes or sessions, as the case may be; and such convict, or person acquitted or discharged, shall pay no fee whatever for such pass.

The present mode of conveying vagrants in the costody of a constable being frequently inefficient, from the miscondoct and negligence of constables, the justices of the peace, at the general or quarter-sessions held for any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, division, or liberty, or any adjournment thereof, shall be empowered to make an order that all rogues and vagabonds apprehended in their respective counties, ridings, cities, Sec. and who are ordered to be conveyed by pass, shall be conveyed by the mailer of the house of correction or his servants, or by a constable, as such justices at thegeneialor quarter-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall think proper; and such justices shall also be empowered to make an order, if they think proper, that all constable* to whom rogues or vagabonds brought from another county, riding, city. Sec. are delivered, shall forthwith convey such rogues and vagabonds to the nearest house of correction in their county, riding, city. Scc. to be afterwards forwarded by the mailer of the house of correction, or his servants, as aforesaid, and according to the provisions of the said act of 17 z. c. 5.

Justices at general or quarter-sessions shall and may direct what rates shall be allowed for passing, conveying, and maintaining rogues and vagabonds, within their respective limits

and

Vagrants. 497

and jurisdictions g which rates, allowances, orders, roles, and 3* 3» 45*

directions, shall from time to time be observed and submitted j *

to b.y all justices of the peace, constables, officers, and other persons within the said limits and juritdictions respectively.

Soldiers and mariners, wandering and begging, are to be Soldiers tad

deemed vagabonds, within the meaning of the vagrant act. mariners wan*

If it fhalT be made appear to any two justices of the peace, ,nci

. that any poor person shall not use proper means to get cm- peffonSneglect.

ployment, or, if he is. able to work, by hb neglect of work, ing to find era.

or by spending hb money in ale haufes or places of bad repute, 'ploymme, and

or in any other improper manner, shall not apply a proper fPeod,ng ear?~

/ . , |. , . Kr . r in.s. not mam*

proportion of the money earned by him towards the roainte- tafn}ng h*ls fa.

nance of hb wife and family, by which wilful default or ne- mily, considered

gleet they, or any of them, shall become chargeable to their as vagrant.

parish or township, he shall be considered as an idle and dif-

orderly person, and be subject to inch punishment, and in such

. manner, as is directed for idle and dlforderly persons by the aforesaid act, 17 G. 2. c. 5.

Warrant.

IF a justice fee a felony or other breach of the peace committed in his presence, he may, in his own person, appre-, bend the felon; and so he may by word command any person to apprehend him, and such command is a good warrant without writing; but if the same be dohe in his absence, then he most issue his warrant in writing.

There seems to be no doubt, but that a warrant may be lawfully granted by any justice, for treason, felony, or praemunire, or any other offence against the peace: Also it seems clear, that wherever a statute gives to any one justice a jurisdiction over any offence, or a power to require any person to do a certain thing ordained by such statute, it by implication gives a power to every such justice to make out a warrant to bring before him any person accused of such offence, or compellable to do the thing ordained by such statute; for it cannot but be intended, that a statute giving a person jurisdiction over an offence, doth mean also to give him the power incident to all courts of compelling the parry to come before him.

But in cases where the king b no party, or where no corporal punishment is appointed, as in cases for servants* wages, and the like, it seemeth that a summons is the more proper process ; and for default of appearance, the justice may proceed ; and fb indeed oftentimes it is directed by special statutes.

It is convenient, though not always necessary, that the party who demands the warrant be first examined on oath, touching

Sff the

2 H. tt. 86. Justices's power in cases of felony.

2 If aw.

When a warrant may be granted.

J office's powers to grant warrant.

Bttrn % '« locum* Summons in certain cases*

1 H* H. 582.

H* iir-Warrant on oath.

498

Warrant.

Daft. e. 169. Bound over to give evidence.

» F. F 107.

2. //. //. So.

Pc. Ions fuf

4 Fata. 85*

V'arrant on

futfkient

grounds.

the whole matter whereupon the warrant is demanded, and

that examination put in writing.

Or at lead it is safe to bind him over to give evidence; left afterwards when the offender shall be apprehended, or shall forrender himself, the party that procured the warrant be

gone.

A justice hath power to issue a warrant to apprehend a person suspected of felony. For the justices are judges of the lfUfc*iony* reasonableness of the suspicion, and when they have examined the party accusing, touching the reasons of his suspicion, if they find the causes of suspicion to be reasonable, it is now become the justices* suspicion as well as his.

Yet insomuch as justices claim this power rather connivance, than any express warrant of law, and since the undue execution of it may prove so highly prejudicial to the reputation as well as the liberty of the party, a justice cannot well be too tender in his proceedings of this kind, and seems to be punishable not only at the suit of the king, bat also of the party grieved, if he grant any such warrant, without such probable cause as might induce a candid and impartial man to fnspect the party to be guilty.

It is safe, but perhaps not necessary, in the body of the warrant to shew the place where it was made; yet it leems necessary to set forth the county, in the margin at least, if it be not set forth in the body.

It may be directed to the sheriff, bailiff, constable, or to any indifferent person by name who is no officer; for the justice may authorize any one to be his officer, whom he pleases to make such ; yet it is most adviseable to direct it to the constable of the precinct wherein it is to be executed, for that no other constable, and a fortion no private person is compellable to serve it.

In the case of an act of parliament, if the act directeth that a joftice shall grant a warrant, and doth not say to whom it shall be directed, by consequence of law it must be directed to the constable, and it cannot be directed to the sheriff, unless such power is given in the ad.

The warrant, especially if it be for the peace or good behaviour, or the like, where fureries are to be found or required, ought to contain the special cause and matter where-Warrjnt to con- upon it is granted, to the intent the party upon whom it is to uin the Jpeoitl ^ served may provide his furedes, and take them with him to the justice to be bound for him; bat if the warrant be for treason, murder, or felony, or other capital offence, the warrant of the justice may be to bring the party before him, to make answer to such things or matters generally, as shall be objected against him on the king's behalf.

The warrant may issue to bring the party before the joftice who granted the warrant Jpec tally, and then the officer is bound to bring him before justice; but if the warrant

be

u.

Place, where made.

U.

To whom di* ictUd.

L. tfoym. 119s.

&>/4. 381.

If no name mentioned, to the constable.

Daft. c. 169. a H.85.

a H.H. lit.

cause.

I H. H. 58*.

Warrant.

be to bring him before any justice, then it is in the election of the officer to bring him before what justice of the county he (the officer) thinks fit, and not in the election of the prisoner.

Finally, it ought to be under the hand and seal of the justice who makes it ont.

If any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued, shall escape out of the jurisdiction of the justice granting the warrant; any justice for the county or place, where such person shall so escape or be, upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the justice granting such warrant, shall indorse his name thereon; which shall be a sufficient authority to the person bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom the same was originally directed, to execute the same in such other county or place; and to carry the offender before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of that county, if the offence be bailable, and the offender be ready to give bail for his appearance at the next assizes or sessions for the county or place where the offence was committed; and such justice or justices shall take bail accordingly, and shall deliver the recognisance together with the examination or confession of the offender, and all other proceedings relating thereto, to the constable or other person, who shall (on pain of 10I. to him who shall foe) deliver over the same to the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, where the offender is required to appear. And if the offence is not bailable, or he shall not rive bail to the satisfaction of the justice before whom he is Drought, the constable or other person shall carry the offender before a justice of the proper county or place where the offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to law*

The form of which Indorsement may be thus:

FORuiSMUCff as proof upon oath bath been mads before

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of that the name A. B. is of the of the justice of the peace within mentioned: I do hereby authorize C. D. who Bridget h me this warrant, and all other persons to

«whom the said warrant is directed, to execute the same within the said county of . Given under my hand, the day of in the year '

And the justice may further order (if he thinks fit) the party, according as he shall appear bailable or not bailable upon the face of the warrant, to be brought before himself or some other justice or justices of that county, or to be carried back into the county from whence the warrant did issue.

S f f 2 Watch

499

n. h.ii*.

Specially, or before any justice. a Haw. 85.

Under hand and seal.

24 G. 2. c. 55* In another jurisdiction.

Warrant iq.-d or fed.

Bail to be taken*

Offender com* mic.ed*

Form of in-dorfpment*

Burn, in htum % Offender, whither taken*

5°°

Watch and Ward

Daft. e 104. Difference between watch nd ward.

Dalr. e. 159. Watchman't duty*

5 An. Cm3 ?.

If killed, executors rewarded*

WATCHING is properly intended of the night, a warding for the day-time; and both ought to be by men able of body, and fufttciently weaponed.

If a watchman take any for suspicion of foloay, he any deliver such persons to the com ft able, or may convey them to s justice, to be examined, and to be bonnd over or committed until they be acquitted in doe manner.

If a watchman be killed in endeavouring to spprehcod t burglar, his executors shall be entitled to 401. reward.

6 H. 6. 5.

Standard

weights.

By whom examined.

Penalty.

l6 Cm Cm J9.

None to boy or ft II but by marked weight!.

Urn

T wo j ostreet may hear and > determine.

Urn

Before one justice.

Weights and Measures,

A STANDARD of weights and measures is to be kept in market towns, at which balance all the inhabitants my freely weigh without paying any thing; and joftices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, and Howards of franchises, may a. quire of offenders against this ordinance, and do execution of them that be found faulty.

The mayors, and other head officers in market towns, shall twice a year, or oftner, cause all weights and measures within the same to be brought before them, and examined; and such as they find defective, to be broken and bnrnt; and the offender shall forfeit to the maydr or other officer, for the M time, 6s. 8d. for the second time, 13s. 4d. and for the third time, zos. and be set on the pillory.

No merchant, or other person or persons within any city or market town, shall buy or fell with any weight ormeafnrt, except it be marked and signed, as directed by this act; any other perform or persons, out of the said , boroughs, tod market towns, except it be like and equal with the said iftandard.

Two justices (1 have authority, as well by examination as by enquiry, to hear and determine the defaults of the said mayors, bailiffs, or other head officers, in that behalf; and also of all buyers and fellers doing contrary to this present act and ordinance, and to set fines and amerciaments upon the offenders by their discretion ; and the said weights andmei. sures so found defective, to be forfeited and burnt.

By this act, there shall be but one weight, one meafore, and one yard, according to the'standard of the exchequer, throughout all the realm, as *well in places privileged us wtknt. And whosoever shall fell by or keep any other weight, measure, or yard, than as aforesaid, whereby any corn, grain, or other thing is bought or sold, shall forfeit, for every such offence, 5 s. on conviction before one justice, or mayor, on oath of one y/itness; to be levied by the churchwardens and overseen, or

Weights and Measures.

ame of them/to the use of the poor, by distrefe. In default -if diHrefs, imprisonment till paid.

But after all, Dr. Burn observes, notwithstanding the pu-ishments aforesaid, appointed by statute, for felling by false ./eights and measures; yet the same is also an offence at the common law, and consequently may be punished by indi&-Tnent, fine and imprisonment.

Windows.

THOUGH, in the execution of this act, a justice of the peace as such is not concerned, yet it may not be amiss ' o point oat a few particulars which may often come under his :ognizanceas a commissioner appointed to att under it.

By this adk, from Sept. 15, 1784, all duties on tea shall ;tease; but a duty of 12I. 10s. percent, shall be paid for all -tea delivered by the company to the purchasers thereof; to be computed upon the groi's prices at which such tea shall be ;;fold.

By this act also, from Oft. 10, 1784, the following additional duties shall be paid for all inhabited houses in Great--Britain:

For every dwelling-house hitherto rated at 3s in future,

Having 7 windows, an addition of -

8 ditto

9 ditto - -

10 ditto

11 ditto

12 ditto

13 ditto

14 ditto

15 ditto -

16 ditto "

17 ditto

18 ditto

19 ditto

20 ditto

21 ditto Having 22 ditto

23 ditto

24 ditto

25 to 29 windows ditto

30 — — 34 ditto -

35 — 39 ditto

40 — 44 ditto *

45 — 49 ditjo

1, . 8. d.

0 6 0

0 6 0

0 8 0

0 10 6

0 >3 0

0 *5 6

0 18 0

I 1 0

I 5 0

I 10 0

I *5 0

2 0 0

2 3 0

2 10 0

2 *5 0

3 0 0

3 5 0

3 10 0

3 *5 0

4 0 0

4 10 0

5 0 0

5 10 0

6 0 0

Windows.

501

rf Ct c» 19*

11 H. 7. f.4.

Indictable at com non law*

Commissioner'a

duty.

24 G. yjtjj"' a. r. 38,

Duties on tea to cease.

U.

Duties for Si' habited hoofea*.

502

Windows.

»4

c. 38,

6 io

7 o 7 *0

8 o

8 io

9 o

9 io

10 o 10 10

11 0

50 — 54. ditto 55 — 59 ditto -

60 — 64 ditto 65 — 69 ditto *

70 — 74 ditto 75 — 79 ditto

So — 84 ditto *

85 — 89 ditto

90 — 94 ditto

95 — 99 ditto 100 — 109 ditto - 12 0

110 — 119 ditto - - 13 0

120 — 129 ditto 14 0

130 — 139 ditto - 15 0

140 — 149 ditto -

150 — 159 ditto < 17 0

160 — 169 ditto 18 0

170 — 179 ditto - 19 0

180 and upwards - - 20 0

N. B. If the number of windows exceeds 25, after the rate of 2$. per window, let the number be what k may. But the ne*w (tops at 180; twenty pounds being the utmost sura chargeable by 24 G. 3. c. 38.

W* Any person occupying more than two honfes, is liable to

Only twohotifet pay oniy for th0fe lw0 which have the created number of to be paid for. _r -r.u____j________________l.ojj:-.

M.

Duties in addition to focmer ones.

Id.

AtTeflTmentt

certified.

S\>*charges cer

titled.

Days of appeal

W.

Duties paid quarterly.

n.

Charped on occupier.

W ho are exempted.

windows; of which, if charged to any other, be shall deliver in to the collector a declaration in writing 5 to be by him delivered over to the surveyor of the distnd. Any perfoi not paying for two such houses, forfeits 50I.

All the above rates and duties are charged in addition to those charged by 6 G. 3. r. 38. and 19 G. 3. 59, beingbotii

for granting duties upon houses.

The assessments are to be made for raising these duties from 0£t. 10, 1784, to April 5, 1785, to be certified by theiflef* fors, and returned to the of on or before Dec. j,

1784. And the surveyors shall certify their forcharges for raising the said duties for the said two quarters to the said of, on or before Feb. 20, 1785. And all appeals shall and may be heard and determined between March 6, 1785, and April 4, 1785. And from and after the 5th day of April, 17S5, the duties shall be annually assessed for one whole year.

The said duties shall be paid quarterly in England on the four usual quarterly days of payment, viz. Jan. 6, April5, July 5, Oct. to The first to be on Jan. 5, 1785, In Sax-land, on or before March 25, and on or before Sept. 29.

The said duties are to tys charged on the occupier, not® the landlord : And such % s are exempted from the a&ualpir. ment of church and poor rates, shall not be liable to this duty.

The

(^.

Windows.

503

The monies anting from this act are to be paid into the ex- *4 3 *

chequer by the receiver-general of thecudoms; and if there 83* ,

s any surplus in one quarter above 87,136!. 16s. 8£d. it shall ^2£ey,w re je paid to the receiver-general of excise.

Commissioners and assessors under former acts relating to the duties on houses and windows, shall be of and af- Who to execute essors for executing this act, and shall meet on or before Oft. thi*

11* 17845 or if not then, they may meet and execute this act at any other time.

If no assessors shall be appointed, surveyors may do their id. duty, who twice a year are to make a surcharge of houses Surveyor* to omitted or undercharged. M fleffiw*.

Where houses are let in different tenements, the landlord shall be deemed the occupier. Different tene-

Every chamber or apartment in the inns of court shall be ment*. subject to these duties, as if it were an entire house. Chamber* in

Houses occupied by the Royal family, warehouses, hospi- court*

tals, charity fcnools, houses for the poor, except the apart- House* exempt, ments occupied by the officers or house-servants thereof, are exempt from the said duties.0 & No person is to gain a settleraent by payment of these rates, it All houses shall be deemed uninhabited, unless they shall Nosettlemeat jibe inhabited by the owner, servants, or tenants. gained.

Commissioners are not to act till they have taken the oaths of office, and of allegiance, on pain of forfeiting 200I. and in Scotland on penalty of 20I. ^

3 The qualification of of within the city of Lon- Oaths to be

0 - *f 1 - 0 J — 3 J — ~ 1 rr_ rt r-

don, St. Martin le Grand, and the city and liberty of West- taken, minder, shall be 2000I. at lead.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give ten days notice SmlSsSSJ to the assessors 5 and the determination of the of u shall be final. Notice of appeal.

All condables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other his Majedv's officers, shall be aiding and afliding in the execu- Condables, See. tion of this act, and in executing such precepts and warrants tobcaidiof. as shall be directed to them by any three or more comraissioners.

'I* Wines.

it

^ T?R0M !?* ,792» no Person shall fell wine by retail, 3» . 3; e. 59* j JP to be drawn in his house, except such person and persons Justices to li-only to whom a licence shall have been granted by justices of c*nc?

^ the peace, or other officers, to fell ale, beer, and other liquors °‘Wlll*

' in the same house or honfes respectively ;and the several juf-y

$ Ambafisdors from foreign courts are also exempted; but the law no

^ where fays, whether or no the owner of the huulc Hull, in that case, be liable to the duties.

tices

5°4

5* G. 3*/* 59*

Justice*' jurisdiction the Time i over ale housea*

Penalties for

nlicensed re* tailert of wine, the same at for onlicensed ale-idlcri.

General Issue.

Vintner of

London,

Uftf verities,

St. Alban's wine taverns exettpted.

Only freemen of vintoers by pa* tiimony or apprenticeship exempted.

ey G.3. r. 19. Who competent to (ire evidence.

Wines.

tices of the peace,*and all other officers, in and throaghovt if kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and are hereby impowtr?. and authorized to have and exercise the same juriididioos, powers, and authorities over such. retailers of foreign or British-made wines or sweets, who shall fell the same to bedrid in his, her, or their hoafe or hoaies, or place thereto adjoinir^ or belonging, as aforesaid, as they now have or ort;

per Tons liceufed to fell ale, beer, and other liqnoes, by any lb-tute what foe ver ; and if any person or persons &ali feU 0; caofe to be (old by retail as aforesaid, any foreign or British made wines or sweets, to be drank in his, her, or their hous; or houses, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, without having a licence to fell ale, beer, and other liquors in the Urn: , house or place, every such person or persons (hill forfeit, for every such offence, the penalties inflicted on peHbns for ieJling ale, beer, or other ezcifeable liquors, without a licence, to be adjudged, recovered, and applied, as by the said act hdi-reded.

If any person shall be prosecuted for any thing done in par* fuance of this act, such person may plead the general ifine ; and if a verdict shall be passed for the defendant, or the plaintiff be nonsuited, such defendant shall have treble costs.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to my of the , vintners of the city of London $ or to any person lkenied by I the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the two universities, or ( to any person who shall keep one of the three several wine ta- 1 verns within the borough of St. Alban's, in the county of Hertford, licensed by the mayor and burgess thereof, by cer- , tain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and Ki&f James the First, for and towards the maintenance of the free school there.

No person, who, from and after the 10th of O&. 179a, shall be admitted to the freedom of the said company of vintners of the city of London, by redemption only, shall be exempted 1 from the obligation of obtaining a licence to retail ale, beer, and other liquors, to be granted in manner aforesaid, but the 1 freemen only of the said company, who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who, from and after the said 10th day of October, 1792, shall be admitted to their freedom is , right of patrimony or apprentice ship, shall be entitled to such exemption. !

Witnesses. 1

FROM Aug. I, 1787, the inhabitants shall be deemed ard taken to be competent witnesses for the of pro-

ving the commission of any offence within the limits of any pa- , ri(h, town ship, or place, notwith (landing the penalty incurred by such offence, or any part thereof, is or may be gives j

" I

-i

Withefles*

5<>5

k or applicable to the poor of such parish, township, or place, or *7 ^ *9*

1 otherwise, for the benefit or ofe, or in aid of exoneration of a such parish, town ship, or place, provided the penalty or pd-B naltiet to be recovered do not exceed the sum of twenty n pounds.

Women.

IF any person shall unlawfully and carnally know and abuse ,g f. 7, any woman child under the age of ten years, he shall be Unlawful coal-guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. merce with.

The marriage of any person under the age of 21, without a6 ^

the consent of parents or guardians, (halite null and void. Minor* mar-3 The judgment against a woman, in case of high treason, is ri<>ge void, not the same as against a man traitor, to be hanged, cut down aav*' *44* alive, have the bowels taken out, and the body quartered; but to be drawn to the place of execution, and there #burned:

And this also is the judgment against a woman, in case of petit treason 5 whereas the judgment against a man for petit treason is, that he shall be hanged: But in case of felony, the judgment is the same against both man and woman, to bd hanged by the neck till dead.

Wood.

EVERY person. Who shall rob anjr orchards gardens, 6r break or cut any hedge, pales, rails, or fence; or dig; or pull up, or take up any fruit tree or trees in any orchard, garden, or elsewhere; or shall cut or fpoilany woods or underwoods, poles, or trees (landing; every such person, his procurers and receivers, knowing the same, being thereof convicted by cortfeftiou, or oath of one witness, before one justice, shall give to the party such recompence, and within such tithe as the said justice shall appoint; and the same to be only for the first fault; and if such offender shall be thought by the justice not able, of do not make such recompence, then he (hell coffin mit him to the constable where the offence shall be committed; or the party apprehended, to be whipped.

The Constable, of any other person, may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, every person be shall suspect, having of carrying any burden of any kind of wood ; and by warrant of one justice, such officer shall have power to enter into and searchf the honfes, or other places belonging to the houses of

N. B. This burning, to the honour of ftritHh humanity, is no longer

(offered.

See Appendix, No. ios«

Tit every

43 Ml- . 7* Steslers of and receivers.

To pij of he committed.

15 C.0. c. u

Suspeded per* font carrying wood, to be apprehended.

506

Wood-

I5c»*»c. a. every person he shall suspect to have any kind of wood, aid where he shall find any such, to apprehend the persons faf. pefted of catting and taking the same: and to carfy before one justice as well those apprehended carrying, astbofein whose houses or other places the same shall be found. And To gWe «n sc- if such person do not then and there give a good account how toufttofiu he came by the same, he shall be convicted of cutting and spoiling the same, and punished as by the a ft43 and further by this act is appointed, r. he shall, for the first offence, give the owner such recompence or satisfaction for damages, and within such time, as the justice shall appoint; and over and above pay down presently to the overseers for the nfeof the poor, such sum,f not exceeding 10s. as the jofticeshall think meet; and if he do not make such recompence, and also How a ^e ^um to t^ic P°°r> the said justice shall commitJ him

ow pun* e to t|ie house of correction for any time not exceeding one - month, or he shall be whipped by the constable. And if be

econd offence. f^all again Commit the said offence, and be ^thereof convicted as before, he shall be sent to the hoole of correction for one month, and be there kept to hard labour. And if he foal! again commit the said offence, and be thereof convicted as before, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

W. But no person shall be puntshed by this act, unless be be

Within fix questioned in six weeks after the offence committed, week*. Whosoever shall buy any burdens of wood, which may be

Bayen of wood. justjy fafpefted to have been ltolen, one justice, on complaint in six weeks, may examine the matter on oath; and may award the party who bought the same to pay treble value to him from whom it was unlawfully taken ; and in defaolt of present payment, may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress, and in default of distress, may commit the party to aol at his own charge, there to remain one month without ail.

1 G.ft.*.r.4«. If an7 offender shall wrongfully and maliciously cut down,

destroy, deface, spoil, or carry away, any wood, or underwood ; or throw down any hedges, gates, or inclosures of woods, fruit trees, or other trees ; two justices, or the justice* in sessions, on complaint made by any inhabitant of such parish or place, or by the owner of the wood, or by any other, may cause the offender to be apprehended, and hear and determine the offence; and on conviction, shall commit the [How punished.] offender to the house of correction to hard labour for three months; and where there is no house of correction, then to the county prison for four months; and shall also order the offender to be publicly whipped by the mailer of such hook of correction once every month, during such three months, in the borough or corporation in which the fast was committed, or in the market-town where such house of correction Hands,

6 ft l6»

Destroying wood, fences, See.

t See Appendix, No. 103. % See Append!*, No. 104.

or

Wood.

or in the market.-town next adjacent to such house of correc- *

tion in the same county, on the market-day, between the *ubhc whip-hours of eleven and two. And where there is no houie of p,n* correction, the said justice* shall order him to be whipped by the common hangman once a month, during such four months, on the market-day of such borough, or on the market-day of some town, between the hours of eleven and two. And before he shall be discharged, he shall find sufficient sureties for his good behaviour for two years.

If any person shall unlawfully cut, take, destroy, break, -6.

throw down, deface, spoil, or carry away, any tree growing Tree* growing in any wade, wood, or pasture, in which any person hath right * watte, wood, of common, he shall be in like manner convicted, and incur *c> the like penalty, as by the 1 G.ft.z.c* 48.

Every person who shall wilfully cut or break down, lop, 6 G. 3. e. 48, top, or otherwise deface, damage, spoil, or destroy, or carry away any timber tree or trees, or trees likely to become timber, or any part thereof, or the lops or tops thereof, without the 5 consent of the owner (or in any of his Majesty's forests or chafes, without the consent of the surveyor or his deputy), and shall be thereof convicted, on the oath of one witness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 20I. together with the charges of conviction, to beafeer-tained by such justice ; on non-payment thereof, to be committed by such justice to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; for the second offence, to forfeit not exceeding 30I. together with the charges as aforesaid ; on non-payment, to be committed as aforesaid for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid: And if any person shall be guilty of a like offence a third time, and shall be thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of felony, and the court before whom he shall be tried shall have authority to transport # him for seven years. And all oak, beech, chesnut, walnut. What tree* afh, elm, cedar, fir, alp, lime, sycamore, and birch trees (and deemed timber also poplar, alder, larch, maple, and hornbeam), shall be deemed timber trees within the meaning of this act.

Every person who shall pluck up, spoil, destroy, take, or <$ <? 3 4*

carry away, any root, shrub, or plant, out of the fields, nur- plint|

series, woods, or gardens, of any person without the consent ro° up* of the owner, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 40s. with the charges of conviction, and if »ot paid immediately, shall be committed to the house of cor-reflion for one month, to be kept to hard labour, and once Penalty, whipped there: For the second offence, he shall forfeit not exceeding cl. together with the charges as aforesaid ; if not paid immediately, then to be committed to the house of correction for three month*, to be kept to hard labour, and

5°8

Wood

9 S.j.c<4«, Cutting hit il«jcftjr'«woodu

How pwlshed.

6 (?* j* c» 48* Who to punish.

Penalties, how distributeil.

Penalty on preventing offend* it's punishment.

Form of conviction*

To be certified and filed.

tz fif »3 C. 2.

r. 7.

Destroying pi ideation* by night* *

whipped there once in ever? of the Aud months; and for 1 third offence, be shall be pnoished an above.

Every person who shall go into the woods of any of his Majesty's subjects, not being the lawful owner thereof, and shall there cut, spoil, or otherwise destroy, any kind of wood, or carry or convey the same away 5 or shall, by night or day, etc down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any hollies, thorns, or quicksets, growing in any of his Majesty's foreffs or chafes, or within the woods or wood groondsof any of his Ms* jesty's subjects, or shall have in his custody any kind of wood, or young trees, or any such hollies, thorns, or quicksets, as aforesaid, and shall not give a satisfactory account bow be came by the same, before one or more joftices of the peace, he shall, for the two first offences, be punished, as io the fad case; and being duly convicted of a third offence, hefhaJibe deemed an incorrigible rogue, and punished as such.

And his Majesty's joffices of the peace of the respective places where any of the said offences shall be committed, shall put this act in execution.

The said forfeitures to be distributed. half to the informer, and half to the person aggrieved.

And if any person shall hinder, or attempt to prevent, the seizing or securing *my person employed in carrying away any such umber or other trees, he shall forfeit 10I. to him who shall convict such offender : If not paid immediately on conviction, the justice before whom he shall be convicted hall commit him to the house of correction to hard labour, not a* ceeding six calendar iqonths.

The conviction to be written on parchment or paper, in the following form, or to the like effect:

? BE it remembered, that on the of

3 in theytear, A. B. was, open the complaint s/C.D. cenviBed before of the justices of the peace for , in pursuance of an act passed in the faetkjeer

{or the ninth year]of the reign of his Meye fly king George the

third, for (as the case shall be).

Given under hand and seal9 the day

written.

The which conviction shall be certified to the next sessions, there to be filed amongst the records.

If any person shall in the night-time malidoufiy destroy any plantations of trees, or throw down any inclosures, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages : And three jufficet (t 4J.) may esquire thereof, in six months, as well by a jury, as by examination of witnesses on oath, or by anyN lawful ways, which to them shall seem meet.

Every

Wood.

5°9

Every person who shall, in the night-time, lop, top, born, or otherwise spoil, or carry away any oak, beech, or other tree, (landing for timber, or likely to become timber, with* out the consent of the owner thereof; or shall, in the nighttime, pluck up, break, spoil, or destroy, any root, ihrub, or plant, of the value of 5s. growing in the garden-ground, nur-fery, or other inclosed ground of an^perfoo ; or shall be aiding or assisting therein ; or shall buy or receive such root, shrub, or plant, knowing the same to be stolen, shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years

If any person shall malicioofly set on fire any wood, coppice, or any part thereof, he shall be guilty of felony.

See also Black Act, 9 G. <. 22:

Where the inhabitants of any parish or township shall be willing to acquire a right of inclosure of wades for the employment and benefit of their poor, they may (by the consent and direction of the major part of the inhabitants assembled at a vedry or public meeting to be held for that purpose, public notice thereof in the church being fft-ft given on three Sundays before) pay the recompence for the same, and the charges of inclosing and preferring such grounds out of the poor-rate ; and shall apply the profit from the sale of such timber or underwood, towards the relief of the poor.

Note, here is no allowance for the charges of planting.

The agreement for such iiuclosure shall be in writing, and J* signed by the parties, and within three months after the execution thereof be enrolled by the clerk of the peace where the greater part of such wades, woods, or padores shall lie.

Persons aggrieved by such agreement, may within (ix months after the enrollment, appeal to the sections, whose de-termination shall be final.

It shall be lawful for every surveyor of his Majesty's woods, and his lawful deputy, besides the penalties for destroying the 1 trees or underwood, to seize and take away for his own use, > any saw, ax, hatchet, billhook, or other instrument, used by any person whom they shall find unlawfully docking of, faw- ing, catting down, topping, lopping, or destroying, any tim-j.f ber tree, or other tree, underwood, or covert, within such forest or chase.

gi No person shall carry any wood out of the realm without lawful authority so to do, on pain that the owner of the ship shall forfeit the ship and tackle; the owner of the wood double ,g; value of the wood; and the maders and mariners all their goods, and be imprisoned for a year, y And if any person shall obtain a royal licence to transport j wood, and shall carry more than is contained in his licence, f he shall forfeit treble value, and be imprisoned fora year.

The said forfeitures to be half to the king, and hall to him a who shall sue in any court of record; moreover, all and Angular the justices of the peace, within three years after any offence committed, may hear and determine the same by a jury.

Wool

6 G. 3. e, 36.

Spoiling timber trees by night.

Felony.'

iG.fi. sue.48. Setting coppice on fire.

29 G. t. e. 36. In lofure of wiflei for the poor.

29 G. t. r. 36. Agreement to be cancelled.

Id.

Per font aggrieved may appeal.

4 G. ft.

Sawi, aces, be. may be taken from offenders.

I & ft P. Gf Af.

e. 5.

Wood carried at of the realm*

Id.

Licence not to Sc executed.

Id.

Application of lotleitorca.

5io

Wool Combing in Suffolk,

*4 a.g.fif. *

€. 3-

Meeting of wool combers*

InspeAors !»-censed and appointed.

Id.

wi^h proper filitiei.

Id.

Jnfptdor't doty

od authority.

Penalty on false reeiing.

Id.

A^tnt refuting to discover of* fenders.

BY this a£k, which is almoti a literal copy of an id of i?

G.3. c.II, for Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Che&iit, the manufacturers of combing wool, &c. in the county of Soffolk, are required to hold a general meeting on the feco Tuesday in Augud after passing this act, at Stow-market, in the said county, notice being given in the papers, and there having chosen a chairman, shall appoint a committee of ij persons, who are hereby authorized to nominate and recon* mend two or more proper persons to be licensed tie jot tices for the county of Suffolk, at their quarter-feffiooi, to be inspectors of worded yarn within the said county. And the justices are hereby empowered to license and appoint ficit persons of good character in the said county, as shall be recommended by the said committee, or any five of them.

The inspectors may be stationed, with proper ialaries, where the committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, and may be displaced, or dismissed, as the said committee Hull think proper.

The inspectors are to use diligence to bring offenders to po* nishment, by lodging informations against such offenders, before the proper judice or justices of the peace, and profecsting them to conviction. To this end, they may demand entnaa into the house or shop of any person employed to pot out wool to be spun within the said county of Suffolk; and anyperfot refuting such admittance, shall forfeit not more than tol.ior less than 5I. as such judice or justices shall think proper.

If any person employed in combing wool, or in spinning, , reeling, winding, or weaving worded yarn in the county of Suffolk, shall be convicted before any one or more justice or justices for the said county, upon the oath of the owner of the ' yam or wool, or of the inspector or inspectors, or any one ere* dible witness, of false reeling the said worded yarn, 4c« foci offender shall be subject to the penalties of former acts, so far as they are unrepealed, viz. for the first offence, to forfoit aai pay not more than 20s. nor less than 5s.; for the fecoid offence, not more than 5!. nor less than 40s.; for the third, tod every other offence, to be committed to the house ofcontt* f tion, to hard labour for one calendar month, and to be pah- I licly whipped at the neared market* town on a market-diy- I And the penalties shall be distributed by the con liable in tk J presence and under the direction of the said infpcdlor, amoojfV the poor of the parish where such offence was committed. ,1 Any agent refuting to discover persons J

false yarn, being lawfully convicted of such refusal before«?' ' judice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit 5s, for every ponsd so falsely reeled, that shall be found in his, her, or I

tody. The goods of the hufbaod (his wife so offending) shall J be liable to dilirefs and sale. r

tyi [

4

I

: Wool Combing in Suffolk.

Upon the death or removal of inspectors, the justices, In \eir sessions for Suffolk, may appoint others, with equal owers.

m If any inspector shall screen an offender from justice, it may xe lawful for a justice or justices to commit such inspector to Tie house of correction, or other public prison, for the space ,f one month.

Z The justice or justices shall cause the conviction to be made "3ut in manner and form following:

Be it remembered,that on the day of in the

~ ear of our Lord A, B, is conviSed before me [or im]

'f his Majestfs justices of the peace for [specifying the

jffence, and the place, and that it was the first, fecona, or hird offence against this act.] Given under my band and feed or our hands and seals] the day and year.

\ Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions.

% Woollen Manufacture.

i'T F any officer, in seizing wool, or endeavouring to appre* 1 hend offenders, be beaten or killed, or the wool seized be ^refeued, the hundred shall answer damages, as in cases of robbery, not exceeding 40I. for any beating, nor 200I. for loss of jithe wool; and shall pay tool, to the executor or administrator *cf such person killed; provided that notice of the offence bo rgiven to, or left at the house of, some constable near the place, -f as speedily as conveniently may be, describing the offender, ^itime, and place; and also in four days, to two inhabitants ^ near; and m eight days, oath be made before a j oft ice, whether the party knows the offender, and if he does, entering in* j to recognizance to prosecute; and in twenty days, like no-jjtice be given in the Gazette; and 100I. bond, with two sure*

: ties, be given before the sheriff, to the high constable, to pay ^,j costs, if cast; and provided that an offender is not convicted in ^ six months; and that the action be commenced within a j And if any person shall be maimed or grievously wounded in apprehending such offender, he shall have moreover a further reward of 501* to be paid by the of of the customs u or excise.

j And the executors or administrators of such person killed, I shall have from them iool. over and above what is paid by the hundred.

J For the better discovery of the deceitful working of woollen f cloth, two justices, on information of any one of his know* J ledge or suspicion of such offence, may grant their warrant to

call

5*

*4 C. j. ftff. a. € 3*

On inspeQor'a death or removal.

Id.

Inspector fcreeoing ta offender.

Id.

Form of eon* viction.

Fewer of appeal.

9 sr iejr. j. €. 40*

19 G. ». c, 34# Officer beaten or killed in faistot wool.

Notice to be given to prose* cate offender.

with foretTet to pay coda, if cast.

Persona maimed to be rewarded*

Executor* rewarded.

Ot y» Cm 18.

Justice* con-dud to discover offender*.

Woollen Manufacture* j

before them any person that shall be thoeght fit to difave} any such offence, and examine that person on oath ; and ifr. I be found, by two witnesses, or confession, they fftall certify it: I same under their hands and seals to the churchwardens u: overseers; who shall, upon such certificate, and by warrant of such justices, levy the penalty by distress; in defaslt of distress, the offender to be committed to gaol till paid.

Every fuller, deceitfully impairing the cloth, shall yield to the party grieved double damage: And every j office of the peace, mayor, matter, warden, bailiff, portreeve, confhbleof hundred, and tteward of leet in their respective liberties, mar hear and determine the same, and commit the offender to the next gaol till pay meet t*

' In every parish and hamlet where cloths are made, twojof-tices (and in corporations, the mayor, together with one justice of the shire next adjoining) shall once a year, orofuer, call before them, by precept or otherwise, two, four, fix, eight, or more, of the^ mott honed, discreet, and able men of such place, and appoin t them overseers for a year, or six months, or shorter time g and shall have them sworn, and bound in recognizance of 4.01. each, to do their heft endeavor, 1 by all lawful ways and means, to fee the dilutes observed re* I lating to the regulation of cloth* J

And any person, without reasonable excuse, refilling to fie overseer, (nail forfeit si. half to the king, and half to such jof* tices; and to remain in ward of the fheri/F, till paid orfecured. And if any shall with-hold cloth, or deny search, he shall,

_____ _ -on conviction thereof at the sessions, forfeit for the first offracc

Staying karch. 10I.; for the second, 20I. ; for the third, being con tided by \ verdict and two witnesses, he shall ttand upon the pillory in the next market-town.

Which said forfeitures shall be, one third to the overseers, j ApftfntvoQ of one third to the king, and one third to the poor, as the fcf* frtali es. dons shall appoint. 4

% % C. 3. e. 15. K the company of dyers* and the several persons authorized

# to act in the appointment of icarchers, or any three or more tfyeu notfuch persons, shall refuse or nevledi to appoint andcontinoea abating proper number of perfoos to be searchers, to examine all or c <* any woollen cloths, fisc, dyed black or blue, any two person ttfing or exercising the trade of a dyer of woollen goods, may apply to the j offices, at any general quarter-sessions of the pease to be holden within the city of London, and within the 1 dittance of ten miles from the said city, and make complaint of such refusal or neglect; and it shall be lawful for the justices at such sessions to make enquiry touching the matter of such complaint: and if it shall appear to them that a proper duo- 4 ber of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said justices shall, and are hereby authorized sod impowered to appoint such person or p^rfoni as they M

judge

512

at J» *

Ho« to be peatfked.

4 Ed. 4.r. v. Double <fsT«^e to the pwlj grieved.

43 El.r. to.

Oterfeert sp« pointed to set the itatote* bfcived.

33 El. so.

Penaiti on ro-fatns to be onifter.

Id.

EVaalftr on1

I

it Woollen Manufacture.

il Judge necessary tb be a searcher or searchers of woollen goods t within the limits Aforesaid.

u And, in order to prevent the like frauds and abuses in the is dying of woollen goods within such places as are not within n the limits aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general la or quarter-sessions, shall, and are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint such person or persons as they shall ref-lii pedively think proper to be a searcher or searchers within their £ respective jurisdictions.

Provided, that no person shall be capable of acting as a 4 searcher in the execution of this act, until he shall have taken m and subscribed an oath.to the following effect:

j! 1 do swear, that I will faithfully, and hontfly

t ante and perform the trufi reposed in me as a searcher, by virtue of

g an act of Parliament, made in the -/ of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an act of the lyhyear of King George the first, *for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade"

t Which oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed, ot a Any one of them, are or is hereby impowered to administer,

All penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act, where the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or i9 may be recovered, by action of debt, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and all penal* ft' ties, where the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds* shall, upon proof of the offences respectively before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the of* ^ fence shall be committed, either by the confession of the party* & or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer), £ be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and f> chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, directed to any constable, or other peace tit officer, within the jurisdiction of such justice; and the over. it plus shall be returned, upon demand* to the owner of such f goods and chattels; and in case sufficient distress cannot be r: found, such justice shall, and is hereby authorized and re-j(< quired to cause the offender or offendeis to be committed to id the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for p such time as such justice shall think fit, not exceeding three p months: And one moiety of all penalties and forfeitures p which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any per-p son or persons, residing within the city of London, or within the distance of ten miles of the said city, shall go and be paid d to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be ,1 applied and disposed of in such manner as shall from time to p time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be p holden for the appointment of searcher* within the city of

U u u London,

513

aj G. 3. 15*

To prevent frauds anda&ufea in dying wvaiico.

Searchtfa oath.

By whom ado ministernd.

Id.

Penalties, how recovered*

Bv disthefa dnd U :e-

Overplos re-torned.

Penalty on

f/ilote of dirtrelt.

Woollen Manufacture

5*4

Z5Gr\ 3 f. IS-

Limitation of time*

Power of appeal.

*1 C a. e. 5. Cutting cloth troth the rack in the night, felony.

14 O. i.r. 17. Woollen yarn or wool so stolen.

How pvnished.

Second o^ence. Third ollence.

Fulling miller to be l'woist*

Cloth suspected, m*y be ie-Acaiuud*

London, and within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which frail be recovered by virttre of this shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and profecotor or prosecutors.

All prosecutions for offences against this act shall be commenced within forty days next after the offences shall be committed or discovered, and not afterwards : If any person frill think him or herself aggrieved by the judgment or order of any justice of the peace, touching the convirffion for any offence against this act, such person may appeal to the j a dices of the peace at the next general quarter-feffkros ; and the judgment and determination of the joftaces at such general quarter-sessions shall be final; and the said justices are hereby empowered, upon such appeal, to allow such reasonable coils and charges to either party as they shall thank last ; the same to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in other cases of appeal from orders of any justices of the peace to the general quarter-sessions.

If any person shall feloniously cut and take, deal, or carry away, any cloth or other woollen manufacture from the rick or tenters in the night-time, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any cloth or woollen goods on the tenters, or woollen yarn or wool left out to dry, shall be stolen in the night, any justice, on complaint made in ten days by the owner, may if-sue his warrant to any peace officer, in the d&y.dme, to search the houses, or other places belonging to every perfoo, whoa such owner shall, upon his oath, declare to such justice he suspeds to have stolen, taken away, or received the same; and the officer shall apprehend the person in whose custody or possession ihc same shall be found, and carry him before a justice; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit to the owner treble value, and in default of payment thereof in the time appointed by such justice, he shall issue his warrant to levy the same by dillrefsand sale; and in default of distress, shall commit him to the common gaol where he shall be apprehended, for three months* or till paid ; for the second offence, treble value, and six months imprisonment; for the third offence, such justice shall commit him till the affixes; and if he shall be there convicted in like manner, he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. But persons aggrieved (except on the third conviction) may appeal to the next general quarter*sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

The fulling miller shall take an oath before a justice dwelling near such mill, that he will well and truly perform the measuring all mixed or medley broad cloth fulled at his mill*

if the buyer is not satisfied with the measure, he may have it measured again in the water, in eight days after deliver*, giving two days notice to the feller or his fafior; and if be

frail


Woollen Manufacture.

5i5

shall refuse, it shall be measured, if in London, by the keeper c. 27.

of Blackwell-hall, who shall be ('worn before a justice to measure it truly ; if not in London, then if the two measurers disagree, or appoint not a third person, the chief magistrate shall appoint and swearone.

And if it appear defective in length, or breadth, the owner Penaft„ ^ or feller shall forfeit the sixth part of the value of such cloth, foutlj on the measurer's making such certificate, and making oath On mofWo thereof before a justice, of which the justice shall give him a certificate, certificate. The same to be repaid by the fulling miller.

And the said certificate shall, in ten days, be filed with the p .fi . clerk of the peace, for which he shall have is.; which certili- ca c 0 c cate so filed, shall be a sufficient conviction ; if he shall refuse to pay the forfeiture, it shall be levied by distress, by warrant of one justice; and for want of distress, the offender shall be Commitment, committed to the gaol or house of correction for three months, if penalty not The tenter shall be measured, and the length of yards p?d» for want marked in figures upon the top-bar, on pain of 5I. Qn con- .

viClion before two justices, on information upon oath, in three Tenter figure4 months after the offence ; to be levied by distress, half to the and roared, informer, and half to the poor; for want of distress, the party offending to be committed to gaql not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction be made.

Inspectors shall bechofen by the justices of Glocester, Wilts, InspeAor* and Somerset, at Easter sessions yearly ; who, before they en- chosen#' ter upon their office, shall take this oath : — I A. B /wear, . that I will well and truly execute the office of an inspector of mixed *

or medley woollen broad cloth within this , according to the

laws and statutes of this realm, and according to the best of my full and knowledge : So help me God.

And the said justices shall allow a {alary to each inspector, Salary allowed, not exceeding 30I. a year; for the railing of which, every maker shall pay to the inspector ad. for every such cloth, before they are sent from the mill; who shall pay the same every Sa, how ahree months, ay pftner. to the county treasurer, to be applied paid/* by the sessions towards such fa1arie6.

The justices, at ttie Easter sessions yearly for the Welt Rid- ff ^ ijig of the county of York, shall appoint searchers, and ap- SearchersU point them falayies; who shall be sworn before a justice, well Yorkshire. and truly to execute the office of fearebing such narrow woq.1-Jen cloth. And in case of the death or sickness, or other disability of a searcher, one justice, living near, may appoint another till the next sessions, to be there confirmed, or another ap-poirited.

And a sum not exceeding 3d. for each cloth, shall be paid by the owner before it is carried from the mill, to such persons as To be paid by the justices, at Easter sessions, shall appoint, to pay the maker»* Marcher's fabrics, and other expences of the act.

If any person over-stretch it, he shall forfeit for the first Id, half yard in length, or first inch in breadth over-stretched, t?re*J!retx*,in5

Woollen Manufacture

516

U.

Concision be* lore one justicf.

Id.

Fo feitures patable in tel days after n tire

Pi.tribotioa*

7«f

$G. 3.r. 51. 6 (7. 3. (* 13* Searchers and measurers appointed yearly*

6 G. 3. e. 13. Officers, hoar difgualined*

11 G. u e. *U tot 5 and for every other half yard in length, or half inch it

breadth, 20s.

The conviction to be before one justice, not being a dealer in cloth, on path of oat witness, reasonable notice being irft given to the person accused.

The forfeitures (if not paid in ten days after notice of the conviction given at the offender* lad place of abode, and if he shall not appeal) to be levied by a constable by warrant of a justice by distress; half to the informer, and half to the treasurer for the expenses of carrying the ad into exeeorioo; for want of distress, to be committed to the house of corredios to hard labour for one month*

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next Powsrof*ppeaV to be held after 14 days from the convictou, giving 10 days notice to the informer* And the justices there nay award costs.

The justices for the said West Riding (not being iaterefed) shall, at the Bradford Midsummer sessions yearly, appoint ft many men as they shall think proper, under 60 years of age, to be searchers or measurers of cloth at the fplling pills, and allow them salaries.

If any of the said officers so appointed shall keep a public* house for felling ale, or other liquors, or be concerned in tie making, buying, or felling, any woo), woollen mannfiftiirei, or goods commonly made use of in dying ; or begoiltv ofioy mi (behaviour or neg)e& of duty 5 and shall be convicted there* of by the oath of one witness before two justices, it shall he lawful for the justices at the next sessions after such convictioa, on producing the same, or due proof thereof, to discharge such officer, and appoint another in his room.

All difpptes between clothiers and millers, relating to the wages for milling, shall, if such miller deftreit, and the matter in dispute do not exceed 40s. be determined by one joftice, who may, on complaint, summon the parties, adjudge damages, and give costs not exceeding 1 os. and levy the same by distress, if not paid in ten days.

If the inspeClor or supervisor shall find any cJiwh fa/feiy stamped by the searcher, he shall, within (even days, give information thereof to a joftice; and such searcher shall, on conviction before such justice, forfeit tos.

The buyer, if he suspefls any fraud, may, within forty days after the sale and delivery of such cloth, cause the same to be measured by some (worn searcher, inspeflor, or and

if it be found defective in length or breadth, he shall, withia three days, give information thereof tp a justice; and the supervisor, who la ft measured the said cloth, shall forfeit, for the first inch in breadth, or half ^rard in length, that cloth or end of cloth shall fall (bort, 5s.; and for every other inch in breadth or half yard in length, the further olios. j And if such k searcher, inspector, or fupeirifcr; *bo hft |

measured <

fG.

r«ti

3. e. 51*

Vtty difjpocet f'tt'ed by one justice.

Certs not exceeding JOS.

4 G. 3. c. 13. Penalty for false stampinf cloth.

Ctoth may be mejfured within 4c days.

Woollen Manufacture.

5*7

- xneafared the cloth, shall not, in three days, give information as aforesaid, he ihalJ, on conviction before such justice, forfeit 140s. and his office.

K Informations of offences (not otherwise directed) shall be 5(7,3.^ 5?.

made on oath, within ten days after the offence shall be dif- 6 G. 3.*. 23. g covered ; the same to be heard and determined, on the oath information t of one witness, before one justice not interested ; and the pe- wth n 10 dayM f nalties, after deducting charges of the conviction, to bediftri-, buted, half to the informer, and half to the treasurer of the Penalties,

^ said West Riding; the part belonging to the treasurer shall applied.

^ be received by the justice, and by him paid to an inspettor or fapervisor; and the said justice shall, within three months, fend an account thereof to the said treasurer.

If any offender shall, for ten days after conviction, refuse or Offender not neglect to pay any forfeiture by him incurred ; or shall not p*y‘»ng.

S! give notice of appeal; then, and not before, the justice shall ifTae his warrant of distress, to the constable, where the offender dwells, requiring him to levy the same by distress; and Warrant of 5f where no sufficient distress can be had, the said justice shall distret's.

^ commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next sessions which Power of appeal* ^ shall be held within fourteen days after the cause of appeal 1* shall arise, giving ten days notice.

^ The justices, inspectors, and supervisors, shall return to the Lift of «®ov«r-f sessions from time to time, an account in writing of all convic- t'®"* returned tions that have happened within their knowledge, and of the 10 c l°a*i {i penalties levied and made payable to the treasurer; and the rfi inspectors and supervisors shall pay to the treasurer, within & three months after receipt thereof, all sums by them received All penalties- < % on account of such convictions. And every person neglecting the county % or refusing to transmit such account, within twenty days next tre*f®re,*

£ after any such sessions, or, not paying such sums within three months after receipt thereof, shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness, before two justices, forfeit 10I. On pain of 10L

I Within eight days after the interment of any dead, fomere-

lation, or other credible person, on pain of 5I. to be levied by jtffidatitof distress, shall cause an affidavit in writing to be made under woollen kurisl. the hands and seals of two or more credible witnesses, setting forth that such deceased person was not buried in any other than what is made of sheep's wool only ; and shall bring the same and make oath thereof, before the mayor, or a justice of the peace, or mailer of chancery [and if no justice shall reside "fi s to be found in the parish where the party is interred, then ^ to any parson, vicar, or curate, in any other parish within the ^: county], who shall administer the oath and attefl the same un- 31C. s.m. tf der their hands upon such affidavit, gratis,

W k am. m m ECJ . A. a 11 I a L. a. — Ik a __ a S ^ m ^ E __A UtL a. J.

5*8

Woollen Manufacture.

jiC. ».*.*. his hand, to the churchwardens or overseers, on pain of $1.

with full cods (provided the suit be commenced in six months), one fourth to the Icing, two fourths to the poor where firck person offending dwells, and one fourth to bin that flull in.

form and sue.

The said church wardens or oversee rs shall, within eight days after such notice (on like pain as the minister), repair to the chief magistrate, if such party was buried in a town corporate, or else to a justice of the peace; which said justice or magistrate, on certificate from such minister, shall (on the like pain) Forfeiture to be forthwith grant a warrant for the levying of the said forfeiture oh the goods of the parties before-mentioned, rendering die overplus, all reasonable charges being first dedu&ed, half of which shall be to the poor, and half to the informer.

And the overseers shall give an account of the name and quality of every person interred within their parish from the time of their former account, and of such certificate as came to their hands from such ipinifter, and of their levying thepe-nalties, and of their disposal thereof, on pain of 5). to be levied by distress, by w&rraut of the ju dices, or two of them, to whom they shall account. And no overseers* account shall be allowed, until they shall have therein accounted for the beriah as aforesaid.

Parish officers to give notice.

30 C. ». e. 3. Name and quality of per-Ioq interred.

Wool, Sheep, and Woollen Manufactures.

act G, 3. 38,

Vell'el conveying live (beep, forfeited.

What steep excep;ed.

Sheep nr vrool

exported.

Peuaity.

IF live (beep or Iambs be conveyed out of Great-Britain, or Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, they and the vessel shall be forfeited for the benefit of any person or persons seizing the same; and the persons assisting therein shall pay 3I. for each sheep, and suffer three months imprisonment; and for a subsequent offence, 5I. for each sheep, and suffer six months imprisonment; all which forfeitures shall be for the benefit of the person or persons who shall ft: for the same. [B\it this shall not extend to live wether iheep carried for the diet of the crew and passengers, by virtue of a licence, specifying the number of sheep so to be put on bosrd, and shipped in the presence of the proper officers ;] upon pain that the sheep so put on board shall become forfeited to tee person or persons seizing the same, and the person or pences attempting to ship the same shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of zos. for every such foeep, to the person or persons who shall inform thereof.

Persons conveying wool, &c. out of Grent-Britain or Jer-fev, &c. and the owners of ships, carts, horses, &c. or revenue officers, exporting, or affilling in the exportation of sheep, wool, &c. shall forfeit, for the first offence, 35. for every pound

cu

Goode

i Wool, Sheep, &c. 519

!>f such wool, kc. or the sum of 50I. of lawful money of Great- »8 C. 3: 38.

Britain in the whole, at the election of the person or persons .who shall foe for the same, and shall also suffer im-

orifonment in the common gaol or house of correction of the rounty, kc. wherein such offender or offenders shall be . efpettively convicted, for the space of three calendar months,

'without bail or mainpuze, and until the penalty in which he,

' he, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, so as the whole of such imprisonment for the non-payment of such penalty shall hot exceed the space of twelve calendar months; upon every Tecond, or other subsequent conviction, they shall forfeit 3s.

Tor every pound of such wool, kc* or the sum of 50]. and shall ilfo suffer (olitary imprisonment for the space of six calendar months, or not exceeding the space of two years. The for* feitures to go to the perfoos suing for them.

The wool, kc. conveyed contrary to this act, with the vef- Application of "fel, carriages, and horses, shall be forfeited for the benefit of forfeiture*. ^

; the person or persons who shall seize the same. Persons feizinf

i: It wool and woollen articles intended to be sent coastwise,

be carried towards the sea without entry thereof having been Woollen ar--made, they shall be forfeited ; and also the horse or horles, or tides entered, ^beast, cart, waggon, or other carriages conveying the same, forfeited.

^for the benefit of the person or persons who shall seize thereupon ; but this shall not extend to wool carrying from the place of (hearing to the owner's house, though within five miles of the sea, if the quantity be certified to the officer of the -. next port, as also the intention to remove it; which officer is

registerfuch certificates; and if there be no port within five miles, such certificates are to be given to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue, neared to the dwelling-house or houses of such person or *' persons.

t: The quantity of wool of Iheep (horn for market between Three days'

£ March 1 and July 1, need not be certified til! after the gene- notice previous ral (hearing, if three days' previous notice of the removal be to removal.

'* certified.

Persons authorized and qualified so to do, may seize, take. Wool to be i and challenge, to and for his and their own use and benefit, feiaed, if about of all such wool and woollen articles, fuller's earth, kc, as he or to esportfo* they fee brought or laid on shore, at or near the sea, to be ex-jf ported out of Great Britain, or out of the isles aforesaid, or > any of them, and the offender shall be subject to the like for-} feiture and penalties as persons by this act are subject unto for *

ft 9 The reader will be pleated to fiod, that Solitary Imprisonment is here ^ pointed out as a proper mode of punishment by the legiflaiure in this Astute. j And the oftener the Magistrate has recouife to it in hi* sentence for ocher of-V fences, in those counties and places, wherein provision is made for catrying it into execution, with prudence and humanity, the greater benefit will the f public, as welt as every individual, derive from it. — Sec also p. 511. f exporting.

520

it G. 3. c. 38.

Wool for J«r-' tfejr, See. may be exported from Southampton*

Not weeding

certain quantity*

Under fever* penalty.

If trMt> tot* penalty*

Only Britifc subjects may cany wool, c*

Wool not to be bought without rtftri&ions*

What buyer* and fellers may agree*

Wool, Sheep,

exporting, tran (porting* or shipping of wool, woolies,* tide*, Sec,

Bat wool for the ale of the isles of Jersey, Ire. miybe«. ported from Southampton under the regalitioni of tkua3; and provided such wool be Shipped on board some reffitl then the property of fonie person or residing within one of the said isles, and io as such persons a shallpt;

on board such wool io any such vessel, do, before the shipping such woo!, deliver unto the col le&or or fearckerof tit port of Southampton, a writing under the hand and feaJof the governor of the said i fie or his deputy, and m* / der the hand and seal of the said governor of Goernfey, orVu \ deputy, as to the wooL which is to be exported to tie said iAes, or any of them ; in which writing it exprded (

that the said party hath entered into sufficient hood to his lit-jetty's use for the landing of the said wool ia manner aforesaid.

The quantity of uncombed wool to be exported oat of the . port of Southampton unto the isle of Jersey, shall not meed 4000 tods; to the isle of Guernsey, 2000 tods; to theifleof Alderney, 400 tods; and to the isle of Sark, aootods; each tod not exceeding 32 pounds* »

The cuAomer of Southampton shall be displaced, and forfeit 500K if he permits a larger than the allowed quantity of wool to be laden ; one moiety to the king, and the other to j him that will lue for the same.

The governors of the said isles, c. authorising a larger quantity to be exported, shall forfeit 20I. period; ooe moiety . to the king, and the other to him or them that will sue for the same* I

No wool, or woollen articles, fuller's earth, &c* shall be put on board any vessel, except that of a natural-born fnbjefi I resident in Great-Britain. I

No persons residing within fifteen miles of the sea, io the counties of Kent and Sussex, shall presume to buy soy wool, before they enter into bond to the icing's Majesty, that all the wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any perfoo or persons within fifteen-miles of the sea.

It shall and may be lawful for any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the counties of Kent and Suffer, residing witiis I fifteen miles of the sea, having given bond, with furvties, to fell such wool to any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the 1 said counties, who has also given such bond, and to remove and lodge the same at the warehouse of the perfoo or persons to whom the same shall be fold, and who has entered iotoftdi bond as often as shall be thought necessary, although the person purchasing the same shall live within fifteen miles of the J sea, such wool being removed, and notice given of thelodg- I ing and hoofing thereof, as required by y and iq j. i

Wool, Sheep, &c. 521

' Wool (horn or housed within ten miles of the sea in Kent G. 3. e, 3*. f and Sussex, or either of them, may be carried to any fair for j*,c0„the the sale of wool; and if not fold, may be brought back to the a n u ' house or place from whence the same had been taken; if a ! permit be taken out, containing the quantity of wool to be removed, and to continue in force for and during such time 1 as may be necessary for the removal and bringing back of the same, in case it shall not be sold at such fair, and the proper s officers are hereby required to grant such permits.

81 Every permit shall accompany the wool; to be produced by gn<l pr0^uce(j ,! the purchaser thereof to the proper officer or officers, who by the purcha-shall then grant to such purchaser another permit, for the tak- frrto the ang such wool from such fair, which permit shall specify the office™*

^ quantity of wool to be moved, and the time during which it £"t°wntSu"

£ Aall continue in force. gra e.

t;> Wool returned unfold from fairs, shall be subject to the same Wool unfold# rules as before removal.

if any person shall counterfeit or alter any certificate or li- Penalty on A cence, certificate or indrument, he, she, or they, so offend- coumerfeitinf 3; ing, shall forfeit and pay the sura of 20I. to any person or per- certificate. ji Tons who shall fne for the same.

No wool, or any other the aforesaid woollen articles, shall No wco| to^ tt. be removed towards the sea, within five miles of the sea coad, removed to-5, between sun-setting and fan-rising, upon pain of the same wards the sea,

,4 being forfeited, together with the horses. See. for the benefit w'*hin J°"r of the person or persons seizing the same; and the driver *

:.j knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month,

^ thereto remain without bail or mainprize; but this is not to extend to wool (horn and carried after sun-setting, the same ^ day, to the owners' house.

Worded yarn, not exceeding 14th. prepared for knitting. Worded vara *' may be carried to retail-(bops. See. provided such parcel be to knit l.ig to v marked according to the directions of the act or acts of par-. k5®*ked.

fiament requiring the marking thereof.

^ No wool, wool-fels, mortlings, shortlings, wool-flocks. The word P worded bay, or woollen yam shall be packed up in any other wool on all 31 package than packs or truffes of leather or canvass, commonly Pchagea. called pack cloths, or in linen or woollen; to be marked an the outside thereof with the word WOOL, in large charac-'* ters, not less than three inches in length, on pain of forfeiture of all such wool, or other articles, to the person seizing the f same, and also of any sum not exceeding is. for every pound ^ of such wool, or other articles so seized, to the person or persons seizing the same, as the court of justices before whom such wool, or other the aforesaid articles, shall be condemned,

shall direct; but worded yarn may be patked in paper, if v marked with the .word <worstedot yarn, as the case maybe, and Worsted yarn :? if the quantity in any one such paper contained, do not ex- 11 papers fi» f cecd fourteen pounds 10 weight. oiwkcL

522

jS G4 3* e- 3*

Wool seized to be returned Co the owner paying the penalty.

Wh«t woollen guovi* may be joiieiccd.

Persons offending in unlawful packing pun iA-aWe ik eft-porters.

Per To ns shifting in illegal package, and informing, shall be acquitted, and entitled to the wool so packed.

Master packer difeoeering his employer, not liable to the penalties.

What fingers to he bound not illegally CO fb»J> wool.

Ponifhable for refuting to be fecund.

Wool, Sheep, &c.

The justices, before whom any complaint or informatk? respecting the word WOOL, not being marked on the outfit of the package, shall be made, may order the wool, and other the said articles which shall have been seized, to be retained to the owner or owners thereof 5 but the forfeiture or peaalty shall not be mitigated below 6d- for every pound weight of such wool, or other articles so fenced.

Wool, or woollen articles, packed otherwise than according to the directions herein-before contained, or prefect together, with ferews or ocher engine, or put into any bitt, pipe, chest, or other vessel, upon any pretence whadoefrr, shall be forfeited ; and 3s. shall be paid for every pound of wool, or other woollen articles* lo packed, to be paid by the owner or packer of such wool, &c. to the perfoaor perioai who shall seize the same, or sue for such forfeiture.

Every person so offending, and all persons assisting in fad packing, shall, over and above the penalties and forfcitaia before-mentioned, be subjefik and liable to the pains and penalties to be inflicted upon exporters of wool; and the coerr and justices by and before whom such person or peHoni dull be tried and convicted, shall have and hereby have power and authority to punish every such offender accordingly- PeWons assisting in such illegal package, giving information of the j mailer packer, &c. before any of his Majesty's justices of the I peace, so that he, she, or they, may be prosecuted to con- ' vision, shall not be liable to the pains and penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to the wool, or woollen articles io packed.

If the Inaller packer, or any person or persons aififtingii such package, shall, before any information, discover tony justice of the peace the name of the person by whom or they was or were employed to pack or press the same that such person may be prosecuted to conviction,

ter packer, or the person who shall give such information, (bail not be liable to the penalties aforesaid, and shall be entitled to the wool, or other woollen articles so sent to be packed; and the person directing such wool, or woollen artkles, to be packed, shall, on conviction for the same, be liable to the pains and penalties to be in Aided on exporters of wool.

Wharfingers are to enter into bond not illegally to fltip wool, and to keep an account of wool by them received delivered ; a copy of which account shall be delivered to the principal officers of the customs, at the port at which foci wharfinger shall reside, at the end of every six months, asd oftener, if the same shall be required by such officer; and if any wharfinger shall refuse to enter into such bond, he shall forfeit and pay the fom of 200I. to the person who shall foe the same; and if he shall keep or deliver a falfo account, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the fans of 50I. to be paid to the person who shall sue for the same; and if he Gull

knowingly

cr to Mv he, (he. I same, fa 1 uck 0)1(- s

Wool, Sheep,

5 23

t knowingly permit any wool to be put on board any vessel, p otherwise than according to the directions of this act, he and r «very person assisting therein, shall, on conviction, be liable to . aiie pains and penalties enacted against the exporters of wool; r and every informer shall be entitled to the sum of 40I. to he r paid by the of of his Majesty's customs immediately after such conviction.

Wharfingers are to give am account to the prpper officer of Wfcsrfingera t*

3 the quantity of wool received, on penalty of iol v If wool, &c. be not shipped to be carried coastwise, accord ^ing to this act, it shall be forfeited, with the vessel

give an account of wool.

Wool shipped, and not carried coastwise, to be forfeited.

No person, except an officer of the cultoms, excise, or salt

^ duties, and commanders of king's ships, shall seize sheep. Sec. __________

:St without a constable, or other officer of the peace, who is here- No person shall 3 by required, on application, immediately to attend the per- fe'*e<fcJep.wilh" zt Ion or persons applying for such assistance. And if any con- oul *u om*

" (table or other officer of the peace, or if any officer of his Majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, upon application made, Constablere- shall negleClor refuse to attend any person or persons tyho shall f„fiPg to ittend. ]* make such application, or shall neglect his duty in the pre-'f unfes, every such constable, or other officer, shall forfeit, for t* every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds, one tpoiety, after deducing the costs to the person suing for the same, and the other to the use of the poor of thepariffi where the offend % shall have been committed.

r» If any person, putting this act in execution, shall be hin- Opposing the a1 dered, oropposed, in feizingor attempting to seize any sheep, /execution 0/

(r wool, &c. the person who shall so hinder or oppose, being armed or disguised, shall, by order of the court before whom such offender shall be convicted, bo tfansported beyond the seas, not exceeding seven years.

If any person shall offer a bribe to any officer or other per- Bribing m of-ion to connive at the exportation or concealment of sheep, the ficer to conniv# wool, or other articles, every person so offending shall forfeit expbrucioiu the sum of three hundred poqnds* tq be applied to the use of the informer, by action of debt, bill* plaint,' or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein noeffoin, protection, of wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.*

Prosecutions fnay be commenced in any court of record at Prosecutions,

Westminster, &c. or at the quarter sessions of the peace, or ^hertcora-c , 1 r r . menced.

before any two junices of the peace for any county, city, or

place in this kingdom, in a summary way, at the election of the feizeror informer; but no prosecution or information shall be had, or proceeded upon, before any two such justices of the peace, in a summary way, where the penalty or forfeiture

shall exceed the sum of two hundred pounds.

The justices, at any general quarter-sessions of the pea^e, Forfeited (Vpi,

and also such aforesaid two justices, are impowered and re- &c. to be hid.

quired to order all forfeited ships, vessels, goods, carriages, and

a X x x z cattle,

524

>8 G, i*t. 38.

Penalties, how -tpt'iied*

Any justice m*y commit perfow* esportiof*

Officer to enter into bond to profee ute.

Offender not bating goods*

May be com- . initted.

T wo fore ties nosy be accepted.

Wool, Sheep, &c.

Power of appeal

cattle, to be publicly sold to the highest bidder, at such tie and place as they shall think proper.

The penalties, except the penalties of the bonds, are to be applied, half to the informer, and half to the officer aftlfa; in malting the leisures, or to the officers only, if ao inform-tion was made.

Persons exporting (beep, ice. may be earned before mj neighbouring joffice, who may -commit them togtol, dll dir next general quarter-sessions of the peace, there to be tried and dealt with as by this a£k is directed.

The officer who shall convey any offender before as7 jofie of the peace as aforesaid shall, in case such offender dull k committed to prison, enter into recogotzance before such jah> tice, in the sum of forty pounds, to appear at fich general quarter-sessions of the peace, and to profecuu theperioa committed.

If it shall appear to the justices before whom aayoffesder shall be convicted, that such offender bath not goods or ctat-tels sufficient to answer the penalties recovered, the joftkeswho shall have convicted such offender or offenders, or soy offer two justices of the same county, division, borough, tons, or place, shall commit every such offender to the common gad or house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless the whole of such penalty or peiahie shall be sooner paid.

But if any Offender, before his adoal comamnest, lull procure two sufficient (ureties for the payment of the pension by him incurred, with the charges, within the space of feu-teen days, exduffve of the day of conviction, such j offices si; accept such fecority $ and upon non-payment thereof, the same, or any other two justices of the peace for the feme con-ty, division, or place, may canfe the party confided, and hi) sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, and them, and each and every cf them, may commit to the common gaol or hoofe of rwrtdioo, for such space of time as the party convicted was fobjeduKl liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be feoser paid.

Appeals from justices may be made to the quarter-feSoRtca giving notice of such appeal within fourteen days after thecoo* vision, and on two sureties entering into recognizances, to appear and prosecute such appeal; and in case such jt/dgmett, or conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, thep«ty so appealing shall pay unto the informer or informersdosbk cods, to be ascertained by the order of the same coon; aadif the appellant pay the penalty, or be in prison, hemavwttr into recognizances without sureties.

Wool, Sheep,

b25

j Justices may fommon witnesses; and the persons io sum- *C. 3.^3*. mooed shall appear at the time and place specified, and fub-imit in all things to be examined as witnesses in the premises. «n>«on« j. Anions and informations shall be tried by a jury of free- Trial by s jury ..holders of a different county from that wherein thefa&.was ofa different committed. county.

rr No person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any offence prosecution .against this act, unless such prosecution shall be commenced within three ^within the space of three years. yeaM*

^ The first three persons concerned in exporting fhcep, &c. The first three

^not being the owners, who shall inform thereof, shall be ex- offenders in-

tempted from penalties. forming, to be

" If any owner of a vessel, or any person aiding or assisting in "" owner of ^loading any vessel, knowing of such exportation of sheep, a veiTei, &c.

13 wool, or of any of the articles before enumerated, shall, with- informing,

3r*in three months after the knowledge thereof, or after his return into the kingdom of Great-Britain, give the first iofor-^'mation thereof before any of the barons of the court of exche-:i quer, or before the head officer of any port where he shall first ^arrive, or before any justice or justices of the peace, upon his oath, of the number and quantity of the said articles so carried, conveyed, and transported, and by whom, where, and K' in what ship or vessel, and shall enter into recognizance, before *! any justice of the peace, in the Turn of forty pounds, personally S3' to appear and give evidence of the same, such person or persons so aiding or assisting therein, shall not be liable to any of Aa,lf,e «*c«fed the penalties or forfeitures in this act contained for the offence ^om PaJM0* yt aforesaid, but shall be enabled to receive such benefit as is *na ,es*

(0 appointed to be received by this act on conviction of such of-a fenders.

^ The penalty imposed by former acts, viz. 23 Hen. yiii. c. penairy of de. ft 17, and 13 Eiiz. c. 25, on deceitful winding of wool, is by ccitful winding this act increased to zs. per fleece, the whole to be to the increased.

$ prover thereof. Offences against those acts may be deter-

$ mined by a justice in a summary way. The person or persons , against whom any such information shall be laid, to be summoned at a certain time and place to be fixed by such justice, who is hereby authorised, and required, upon the appearance 0 or default of such person or persons, to examine into and give judgment in the premises. k Complaints for deceitful winding of wool are to be dif- „ , , .

if , I Li* L . A -r L. e . Pentlfv levied

0 charged by such justice, if there appears no intention to de- distrer* a fraud. The aforesaid penalty, if not paid in six days, shall j be levied by distress.

£ Persons complained of for felling wool deceitfully wound, j may, if it was done without their privity, require the ap-j pearance of the party that so wound it. before a justice, who

" r f A /likf Ar rn «*\ A » k m O Mfll* A A A rl f a » fk oil nrvManaa »/ % t k a

wound falsely by the person charged by the feller thereof,

without owntl.

Wool wound without the

526

a3 G. 3. c. 3S.

Owner not 1:4 bk*

Power Of »ppeal.

Con vision not qualked for want of fora;

binder's oath*

f.imlrttion of tio»c for anions.

General Issue.

Wool, Sheep, &c.

without the knowledge or con fen t of the feller; ia every fed case, the person who had actually wound or folded such wad (and not the Teller thefeof) shall be subject and liable to the penalties; but if it shall appear otherwise to such justice, or it it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the h«ro| of the appeal, the Teller of the wool shall be subject tofuchpe-nalties as aforesaid ; and in case of non-payment by the person who shall have been convicted of hawing adoally, falfoly and deceitfully wound or folded such wool, erery fuchperfw shall be commi tted to the common gaol or house of correctios, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor ki> than twenty-one days, onlefs the penalty and colb (if isy) shall befooner paid and satisfied.

Persons aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice of the peace, may appeal to the next general or quarter-feffiow of the peace to be held for the division in 01 for which foci justice shall have a£ted, such person or persons giring, within five days then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the responden t in' such appeal, and entering intorecogsizuce before the said justice or justices of the peace, to appear Mi profeente such appeal at the said general or quarter-feSoes, and abide by the order of the said court, and to pay such cob and charges as shall appear just and reasonable to the said justices.

No conviction shall be set aside for want of form. — Ju/Bca at theqaarter-sections may administer to persons properly qua* lifted to be sworn winders of wool, the following oath, which is to be entered in the records of the sessions;

1 A. B. do ftmest+9 <TTsat I truly and (

ctit, wind and fold a/J and fhsgular the wool which upon me 40 wind andfold, withleaving or patting aj

lead, ft ones, sand, tad Is, deceitful , lambs wool, or aqtther <

thing, whereby the freer may 6e made more weighty, to the Stent and loss of the buyer ; and tlhat 1 will not use any other Seen!, craft, guile, or frased, in the winding or folding of any inch of at* said wcol. So help me

1

Bnt persons not so sworn may be . Noprofcco-

tion shall be commenced for offences prior to May 1, 178$, against the laws respecting the exportation of liveihcep, &c " but the penalties and forfeiture shall be wholly pardonedasdre-leased. His Majesty's fharea of fines now due, or which oiy " become due in profecu cions now pending, shall be remitted, and a rewerfal of outlawry may be applied for*

in action 8 brought by persons the benefit this N aft against officers. Sec. for any thing done in regard to matters hereby discharged, they may plead the general ilToe.

This act is not to extend to the discharge of any ieizureof ^ wool, &©. or any prosecution now depending, in respect to

fad 1

Wool, Sheep, &c. 527

,\ich parts offices as belong to the informer; but such suits *3 O, ju. nay be proceeded of.

In case any action, salt, or information, shall be brought, jn account of the feizore of any vessel, carriage, horse, &c‘.

of any sheep, wool, or woollen yarn, fullers earth, &c. as llegally carried or exported, or intended so to be, or for any ,rhing done by virtue of this act, such actions shall be com-nenced within six months after the fast committed, and not Afttont to be

afterwards, and shall be laid in the proper county where the ra& was done or committed.

If, in any action for a seizure, a verdict be found for the ^:laimer, he shall not be entitled to cods, if the court or judge before whom such action or prosecution shall be tried, shall :ertify on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure.

BS-

commenced within hx months. Verdict fitatl not entitle the dsimerto if the cause for seizure was probable.

rtf

Parish Workhouses Inspected.

tJ lfT'ROM September 29, 1790, it shall be lawful to and for 4JP any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any phyfi- Justice's power cian, surgeon, or apothecary, for that purpose authorised, by tovifit. rf warrant under the hand and seal of any such judice or justices, „

i or for the officiating clergyman of the parish or place, duly $ authorised, as aforesaid, at all times, in the day-time, to visit £ any parish workhouse, or house kept or provided for the main* tenance of the poor of any parish or place, within the county, if riding, liberty, or division, wherein such judice or j a dices ^ shall be resident, and shall have jurisdiction, to examine into , the date and condition of the poor people therein, and the ^ food, doathing, and bedding of such poor people, and the , date and condition of such house or houses; and if upon any such visitation the said judice or justices, or persons duly authorised as aforesaid, shall find any cause or occasion of com- j plaint, such judice or justices, or persons duly authorised as ' aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, if he or they shall think fit, to certify the date and condition of such workhouse or poorhouse, and the date of the Cert‘ y J*. f{ poor therein, and of their food, cloathing, and bedding, to *uar oni* J the next quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held for such coun- ty, riding, liberty, or division, wherein such workhouse or f! poorhouse shall be situate, under his or their hands and seals T respectively ; and such judice or justices, or other persons duly & authorised as aforesaid, shall cause the overseers of the poor, f or mailer or governor of the said workhouse or poorhouse, of Governor suns. r such parish or place, to be fommoned to appear at the same moos*. , h feiuons, to answer Inch complaint; and the justices adembied t at

(^.

528

jo G»3* 49*

la case ofin-tedious disease*

Medicines* food, Sett to be ordered.

Chargeable to poor's rate*

What poor Iwvtea excepted.

Parish Workhouses Inspected.

at such quarter-ieffious* on Hearing the parties oo aoyfud complaint, shall and may, and they are hereby aotboriied to make such orders and regulations, for the removing of any cause of complaint contained in foeh certificate as aformic, as to them shall seem meet 5 and all the parties cooceroed shall, and they are hereby required to abide by and perform such orders and regulations as dial! be so made by the jifticei 1: the said sessions.

In case any justice or Ju/Hces of the peace, or perfoes difr authorised by warrant as afor upon any such ri-fi tat ion, find any of the poor in any parish workhosfe or poor-house afflicted with any contagious or infectious disease, oris want of immediate medical, or other assistance, orof/officieot and proper food, or requiring reparation or reaonifion the other poor in the said house, then, and in such case or cases, if such visitation shall be made by a justice of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice to apply to oseor more other justice or justices of the peace, in thecoonty, or division, and certify to him or them the fiaie and condition of the poor in fuich parish work house or poorhouse; or if such visitation shall be made by the p authorised as lforc-

said, then it shall and may be lawful to and such perfbaj, and they are hereby directed and required to apply to taoflf more jaftices of the peace in such county, dirifim;

and thereupon the said justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to make such order for the immediate procuring medical, or other afliliance, or suficient and proper food, or for the separation or removal of such poor, as shall ke afflicted with any contagious or infections disease, iofsch manner as they, the said justices, under their hands and this shall think proper to direct, until the next quarter-feffioiMof the peace, to be held in and for the said county, riding, liberty, or division, wherein such workhouse or poorhouse shall be fituste; at which quarter-sessions of the peace, the saidtvo justices are to certify the same, under their hands and this respectively, to the justices assembled at such quarter-feffioB*, who are hereby authorised and required to make such order for the further relief of the pr*>r in such parish work house or poor-house, as to the justices assembled at such qtxarcer-sessions shall seem meet and proper ; and the charges and expences of re. lieving such poor shall be, and are hereby directed to bepaid 001 of the poor's rate of such parish, in such manner as the said justices assembled at such quarter-feihons shall direct.

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any poorhouse or work-house in any district or districts, which have been, or may he hereafter incorporated or regulated by any special ad or asti of Parliament.

Wreck.

if

Wreck.

529

THE judice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, collector of the customs, or chief condable, who shall be neared to where any ship shall be dranded or call away, shall forthwith give public notice for a meeting to be held as soon as pollible of the sheriff or hi* deputy, the justices of the peace, mayors, coroners, and of of the land*tax, or any five of them, who shall employ proper persons for faring the same; and shall command the condables neared to the sea-coads, to ;call together as many men as shall be thooght necessary, to assist. And also the officers of excise shall be proper officers to >tput thele acts in execution. And within the cinque ports, fthe lord warden of the cinque ports, the lieutenant of Dover jcastle, the deputy warden of the cinque ports, the judge offi* j.cial, and commissary of the court of admiralty of the cinque .ports, shall put the same in execution there,

'lx And any judice of the peace, in the absence of the high sheriff, may take sufficient power of the county.

£ And they may command all ships at anchor near to affid; and if the officer of such ship shall refuse or neglect, he shall forfeit tool, with cods, to the officer of the ship in didrefs. f The persons assembled to save any vessel or goods, shall coniform in the fird place to the orders of the mader or other officer or owner, or persons employed by them, then to the orders of the officers of the customs, next to those of the officers ; of excise, then bf the sheriff or his deputy, then of a judice of the peace, then of a mayor, then of the coroner, then of a commissioner of the land-tax, then of a chief condable, then :*of a petty condable; and any person acting contrary to such i orders, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. to be levied by warrant dof one judice; and in case of non-payment, to be committed ?'to the house of correction, not exceeding three months.

£ And every such sheriff, judice, mayor, coroner, lord of a manor, under sheriff, or commissioner of the land-tax, shall *s have 4s. a day during his attendance, out of the goods saved. i And if any person not impowered as above shall endeavour j to enter on ooard such vessel, or shall deface the marks of the j; goods; he shall, within twenty days, make double satisfaction , ito the party grieved, at the discretion of the two next justices;

or, in default thereof, shall be sent by them to the next house ^i of correction, to be kept to hard labour for twelve months. j All persons, who shall alt or be employed in preserving any ^ j fucbveflel or cargo, shall be paid a reasonable Salvage, to be ^adjusted by three neighbouring justices as above-mentioned.

^ If any person shall be adaulted, beaten and wounded, in j the exercise of his duty in the salvage of any vessel or goods, the offender on conviction, by indictment at the assizes or fef-j fions, shall be transported for seven years. And such persons j Y y jr interrupting

is An. ft,a.

r. 18.

a6 G.a. c. 19.

Notice of a meeting of perloos,

to Save tfca wreck.

Officers of excise to affid.

Justice't power in absence of Acrid'.

Other Alps to affid.

Who to gift orders.

Payment for attendance.

26 G. 1. c. 19. Persons going on board unauthorised.

Salvage to thofs that areem* ployed in preserving the vessel, See. AlTaulting the person faring vessel or goods, punishable bp law.

53°

Wreck.

If ft*ten with out acts of violence, larceny. Ailifting towards the loft of the ship, felony.

Id.

J ustice may iii we a ft arch warrant.

i,

*6 G. *. c* 19. interrupting or hindering the preservation of the ship, miy be or repellaole by repelled by force.

Plundering If any Person shall plunder, ileal, take away, or destroy «ny fli p in distieft, goods belonging to such ship in distress, on which dull be or (frandea, and wrecked or itranded (whether a living creature be on board or rrwfleiding it, not), or any tackle, provision, or part of such ship; or (bill

feiouy. beat of woaad' with intent to kill, or otherwise wilfully obstruct the escape of any person. endeavouring to fare his life from such ship, or the wreck thereof; or mall pot out my false light, with intent to bring any vessel into danger, hi shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. finishes goods of small value shall be flranded or cad on (bore, and stolen without circumstances of cruelty, outrage, orviale&ce, the offenders may be prosecuted for petit larceny only.

If any person shall do any thing tending to the immediate loss of such ship, in distress, he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

-One justice, upon information on oath, of any part of the cargo or efife&s of any vessel loft or flranded near the aufts, being unlawfully conveyed or concealed, or of some reafoaable cause of suspicion thereof, may issue his warrant for searching as in other cases of stolen goods : And if the person in whose possession the same shall be found, shall not immediately upon demand deliver the same, such justice, on proof of fochre* j fufal, shall commit him to the common gaol for six months, or I until he shall have paid treble the value thereof. I

And if any person shall offer to sale any £uch goods unlaw-fully taken away, or reasonably suspected to have been, the person to whom they are offered, or any officer of the customs or excise, or constable, may seize the same; and shall, with all convenient speed, tarry the same, or give notice thereof, to one justice; and if such person shall not in ten days make out his property therein, to the satisfaction of the justice, they shall be delivered over to the rightful owner, on paymeatof a reasonable reward (to be ascercained by the joffice) to the feiser; and the justice may commit such offender to the common gaol for six months, or till he shall have paid treble value. And if any person shall discover to any justice, mtgii-trate, custom-house or excise officer, where any goods ue wrongfully bought, fold, or concealed, he shall be entitled to a reasonable reward, to be adjusted as the salvage.

The officer of the customs, who shall all in preferring any Person* belong- vessel or cargo, shall cause all person s belonging to the vefel,

»ng co the ship, and others who can give an account thereof, to be exasi»ed to be examined. on before a justice, as to the name or description of the Examination to the names of the mailers and owners, and of the places

be taken in from or to which the vessel was bound, and the occasio&of the writing, distress; which examination the justice shall take in writing,

who

Id.

Good* so taken and offered for sale, may be seized.

Offender, how punished.

Reward for di footer} id.

I

Wreck.

I

who shall deliver a copy thereof to the said officer of the cuf- toms, to be forthwith transmitted to the secretary of the ad- miralty, who shall publish the same in the next London Ga-

zette, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for the infor-: mat ion of the persons intereded or concerned therein, i. And if no person shall appear to claim the goods saved, the a officer of the customs shall apply to three of the neared juf-j tices, who shall put him or some other responsible person in pi possession, taking an account in writing or the goods, to be s iigned by the said officer; and if they be not claimed in a s year, they shall be fold (and if perishable, shall be forthwith : fold), and the money returned to the exchequer, till claimed f by the owner.

3 But this shall not prejudice the right of ?ny lords of manors,

.. or others, lawfully claiming wreck, or goods.

it

ti

Y y y a FORMS

531

26 G. 1, r. tg.

Transmitted to secretary of admiralty, and published in Gazette.

No claimant appearing) goods Sold.

Manorial and other rights prefer*.

532

Forms and Precedents of Warrants,

&c.

No. I Summons of a mailer on complaint of an Ap- PRB1VTICK — — 1 (

2 Summons of an Apprentice on complaint of his matter w. |

3 Summons of the Master by Puwjustices ! j

4 Warrant from twojustice* against a disorderly Apprentice — ,

5 Apprentice's commitment by nw justices id.

6 Apprentice's discharge by justices, if the apprentice-fee did not exceed cl. otherwise by four justices at the least (i i£.) — ... r 111

7 Warrant for an Assault — id. i

8 Voluntary confession, before the birth of a Bastard Child — — I ,V j

9 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a Bastard before its birth — 1 1

io Examination of the mother of a Bastard afttr its birth — — '

11 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a Bastard afttr the birth — i ri

12 Form of a recognisance in case of Bastardt id.

13 Mittimus of the reputed father of a Bastard child vii r

14 Warrant c

i r

Forms of Warrants,

No. Page.

14 Warrant from two justices to make ^jhe order of

maintenance of a Bastard child — - tiii

15 An order for the maintenance of a Bastard child ix

16 Form of Commitment in general — x

17 An award of Costs — — id.

18 Form of a warrant to distress for Costs — xi

19 Form of commitment for want of distress for Costs xii

20 Form of Examination of a person accused xiii

21 Warrant on suspicion of Felon v — id.

22 Commitment for Felony — xir

23 Recognizance toinditt for Felony — id.

24 — — — ..... to give evidence for Fe lon y xv.

25 Information against an unqualified person for de-

firoyingGAMB — — xvi

26 Summons of ditto for ditto — — id.

2 j Warrant to levy the fine on ditto for ditto — xvii

28 Commitment of ditto for ditto — xviii

29 Warrant for Good Behaviour — id.

30 Recognizance for ditto — — xix

31 Form of appointment of Surveyors of the

Highways — — id.

32 Complaint against defaulters on the Highways xx

33 Summons of ditto on ditto — — xxi

34 Warrant of distress for neglect of duty on the

' Highways . » — id.

35 Information

534 Forms of Warrants, &c.

No. Pig*-

35 Information for non-payment of an Highway

Assessment — - — HU

36 Summons For not paying an FTi c hway Assess.

me nt — — niii

37 Warrant of distress for not paying ditto — id.

38 Commitment in default of distress for ditto »ur

39 In form ation in general — — xit

40 Conviction of felling by false Measukei( . id.

41 Precept to the high constable for Militia Jills mi

42 High constable's notice to petty conliables of the

number of Militi a men — id.

43 Ditto's warrant for Mi lit 1 a men to be sworn and

enrolled — _ xxrii

44 Summons of a Militia man neglecting to be

sworn, &c. — — xxriii

45 Warrant to levy 10I. by distress on ditto — id.

46 Warrant to commit a Militia man, where iol.

cannot be levied — — xxix

47 Warrant to distress for Quaker* fub/H cutes the

Militia — — xxx

48 Recognizance to indict for a Misdemeanour xxxi

49 ----- — — to answer for ditto — id.

50 ----- - — to give evidence for ditto — id.

51 Warrant to apprehend one breaking the Peace rarii

52 Recognizance for keeping the Peace xxxiii

53 Commitment for want of sureties to keep the Peace id.

1

54 Warrant

535

Forms of Warrants, See.

No. Page*

54 Warrant for the appointment of overseers of the

Poor xxxiv

55 Warrant (after summons) against an overseer, for

not holding a monthly meeting for the Poor id.

56 Warrant of didrefs for not paying a Poor's rate xxxt

57 Warrant to bring the Pauper to be examined xxxvi

58 Form of examination of ditto before two ju dices id.

59 Form of a Pauper's certificate — xxxvii

60 Order of removal of Poor — xxxviii

61 Information of Pauper, with summons and order

for relief — — xxxix

62 Order of Removal of a certificate person xl

63 Form of a general Recognizance without Sureties id.

64 Ditto with sureties — —

65 Information of fraud respecting Rent —

66 Summons of an offender for aiding in ditto

67 Order to levy a fine for aiding in ditto —

68 Warrant to search for Stolen Goods

69 Summons for non-payment of Servant's wages

70 Order for the payment for ditto —

71 Distress for non-payment of ditto — —

72 Servant's complaint against mailer —

73 Summons of mader for ill-treatment of Servant

74 Discharge of a Servant — xlvii

Mader's

xli

id.

id.

xlii

xliii

id.

xliv

xlv

xlvi

id.

Forms of Warrants, See

No. P*g':

75 Matter's complaint against Ssrvabt — — xlvii

76 Warrant to apprehend disorderly Servant xlviii

77 Commitment of ditto — - —

78 Summons in general — ~ alia

79 Certificate of Soldier'i enlisting — > id.

80 Warrant to provide Sol dibr's carriages — I

81 Complaint for non-payment of" final 1 Tytru id.

82 — — — againsta Quaker for refafal of Tythis

83 Sammons for non-payment of small Tythis

84 Sammons for payment of Quaker's Tythej

85 Order for payment of small T y *r h b s —

86 *" — of Quaker's T ythej —

87 Warrant of distress for small T y t h es

88 — for Quaker's small Tythes

li

id.

lii

id.

liii

id.

liv

89 Certificate from different counties re/peding Tythis Ir

90 Precept for a privy search for Vagrants — id.

91 Vagrant's examination _ _ ]vj

92 Warrant for publicly whipping aVACRANT id.

93 Commitment of a Vagrant — — _ ]rjj

94. Vagrant's pass, in the same jurisdi«5Hon . Id.

95 Ditto's pass to Scotland — — — lviii

96 Ditto's pass to Ireland — _ Hi

97

GOO^Ic

Forms of Warrants,

No* Page.

97 Order for constable's charges with aVAGRANT J*

98 Order to high constable to pay ios* for a Vagrant lxi

99 Warrant to levy 20s. on a constable for refuting to pay 10s. — — - id.

100 Warrant — — — lxii

101 Form of indorsing a Warrant — id.

102 Search warrant for Holen Wood — Ixiii

103 Warrant to levy the penalty for ditto — id*

104 Commitment for Healing ditto — lxir

105 Commitment (after a summons) for aiding in exporting Wool — Ixt

Forms of Conviction, Sec.

Alehouse-keeper convicted of felling liquors, after being disqualified — —

..... — — convicted of felling ale. See* without a

licence — — — id.

Baker felling bread short of weight. . — - ii

Bakers adulterating bread with allum. Set. — ii

Z z a Concerning

53*

Forms of Conviction,

&c

Concerning bricks and tiles _ — Page. iii

A general form of conri&ion — — id.

Cods awarded on conviction — r

Stealing dogs — — — id

Selling spirituous liquors without a licence — fi

Adulterating tea — - id.

Destroying game — — — vii

?iii

fish — Gaming — — id. id.

Selling liquors in gaols — — it

Concerning the highways — — X

Larceny — — xi

Concerning pawning — — - id.

Clothiers* feirants — — xii

Hatters* fenrants — id.

False reeling — — id.

Watchmakers' servantt — — xiii

Slaughtering horses — — id.

T. No II id.

No nr xir iring

Swe;

Forms of Conviction, &c

Swearing Stealing turnips - wood

P*ge.

id.

XV

id.

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c.

Chief of of salt doties Ch arch-wardens —

Clerk of the peace ^

Constable — »

The juror's oath *-

Surveyor's oath on passing his accounts Horse duty. Assessor's oath -

Justice of the peace. His oath of office » - - ' His oath of qualification

Militia-man's oath —

Substi tote's oath Postmaster's oath

— oath on delivering his accounts

Z Z Z 2

xvii

id,

id,

xviii

id,

id.

id.

xlx

id.

xx

id.

id.

— xxi Returning

54Q

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c.

tige.

Returning officer's oath — — xxi

Riot, rout, &c. Joror's oath — - xri

Servants. Assessor's oath — - id.

SherifPs officer's oath, before two juRices — id.

— — AffelTor's oath — - xxir

Transferring act. ConmiffioiMr's oath - id.

Wool-searcher's *Alf id.

TABU

TABLE of CONTENTS.

A.

ACCESSARY Additional Duties on Taxes Affray —

Ale, Beer, &c.

Alehouses

Annuities —

Apples and Pears Apprentices —

Arraignment —

Arrest —

AiTault and Battery Assizes Attorney Au£lion

Auctioneers —

Page*

i

id.

id!

4

ii

id.

id.

21

id.

id!

1

id*

B

Bail

Banks destroying

Bankrupt

Barratry

- *$

— id.

- 2g B aftards

542

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Ballard* — — 2!

Beer, Ale, Ac. — — 53

Bent —

Black Aa — — id.

Blasphemy — — — 5*

Books — — — SJ

Bread — — — id.

Brewers — — — 57

Bricks and Tiles — — id.

Bridges — — - 3S

British Wines — — 59

Burglary — — — k.

Burning — k- ... - — 45

Burying in Woollen.- — See Woollen Manufadore.

Butter, Ac. — — id.

Buttons — — — 43

c.

Cabbage Stealing. — See Turnips.

Candles — — 44

Cards — See Stamps.

Carriers — — 45

Carrots. — See Turnips.

Carts, Wains, Ac. — — 46

Cattle — — 47

Certiorari — — 4*

Cheat - — — 49

Characters of Servants r — — 5°

Chelsea Pensioners — —

Chimney Sweepers — id.

Church and Church-Yard — 57

Church-Wardens — id.

Clergy — — — — 49

Benefit of Clergy — _ — id.

Clerk of the Peace — — 6o

Coaches — — — 6i

Coach-Makers — — 62

Coals ~- _ — 6?

Coin — _ — 65

Commitment — 6$

Common Prayer — 70

Confession - — — id.

Cenfpiracy

TABLE OF CONTENTS

543

Conspiracy Con ({able Conviction Corn —

Coroner —

Cods —

County Court County Election Bill County Rate Curates* Licences Custos Rotulorum

Page.

— 7*

— id.

— 74

— 75

— 78

— 79

— 80

— id.

— id.

— 82

— id.

D.

sf. Debtors —

Demurrer —

Deodand

Dissenters —

Distress ----

Dogs —

Drunkenness —

82

id.

«4

86

E.

Escape —

Eft ray ----

E (treat —

. Evidence . Examination

Excise and Customs Excise in General

.---- Ale and Cyder

^ Candles — — Tea, Coffee, See,

----- Glass

— Hops

- Leather

.---- Linen Cloth

---- Malt

— Paper

---- Plate

---- Salt

7

id.

88

id.

90

9*

97

98

100 id. id.

101 id.

103 id.

104 Soap

544

TABLE. OF CONTENTS

Pag'.

Excite on Soap — «*- 105

— Spirituous Liquors — — 106

— Starch Exportation Extortion

F.

Felony —

— Prevention of —

— Misprision of

— - Theftbote —

Fireworks

Fish and Fiteing. — See Game. Forcible Entry —

Foreign Service Forgery —

Frame Work Knitters Fuel -----

i*4

::i

1

1*7

119

120

121

122

G.

Game

Game Certificates Game-Keepers —

Deer-stealing ^ —

Game Destroying. — Black Ad. Covert Destroying. — Burning. Destroying Hares

.--- Hawks and Hawking

----- Swans

- — . Partridges and Pheasants — . Pigeons —

Water Fowl Heath Fowl __ Herons

— Fite in Ponds, &c.

- Fite in Rivers

----- Fite in or near the Sea

Gaming —

----- In Lotteries —

122

125

124

128

— ISO

— 133

— 134

— id*

— 136

— id.

— 137

— 138

— id.

_ 140

— id.

— 14*

— *43 Gaol

TABLE or CONTENTS

545

Gaol and Gaolers Gaols —

Gauger. — See Excise.

Gin. — See Excise.

Glass —

Gloves (repealed) —

Good Behaviour. — Surety.

Grand Larceny. — Larceny, (greyhound. — Game. /

Gun-powder — *

Page.

148

*5°

i6>-

166

168

H.

Habeas Corpus — Bail. Hackney Coaches

Hats ----

Hawkers and Pedlars Hedge Breaking — Wood. Hemp —

Herring Fishery Hides. — See Leather. High Treason — Treason. Highways in general Highways — T urn pike High way-men — Robbery. Homicide Horses

Horses and Carriages Horse Races House

House of Correction Hue and Cry Hundred

171

*73

'7 4

- 18;

— id.

186

20 f

212

2*3

216

219

220 223 228 id.

1.

Idiots. — See Lunatics.

Imprisonment — Arrest.

Inclosures —

Indemnity —

A a a a

— 229

— id. indiftmc nt

le

54$

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Indictment —

Infants —

Information —

Inmates — -

Inrolment —

Judgment —

Jurors —

Ju dices of the Peace Ju dices in the Country — — Power over Constables, &c. — . Extent of Jurisdiction

Page.

230

id.

*3*

id.

id.

id.

*3S

*39

240

24*

L.

Land Tax —

Larceny — - —

Leather r —

Lecturer —

Lewdness —

Libels —

Licence for Spiritnous Liquors

— For Dealers in Brandy

— For Retailing Wine, &c.

Linen Cloth —

Lord's Day —

Lottery —

Lunatics -

247 25!

2£

id.

2SJ

254

255 2S7 261 263 26s

M.

Madder

Maim —

Maintenance

Malt Duty

---- Additional (repealed)

Marine Forces Militia -

Militia Families Misdemeanoar

266 id. id.

267

id.

276

30a

TABLE OF CONTENTS

547

])

Page.

N.

Northern Borders N oifance

id.

3°3

o.

Oaths

Office

303

305

p.

Pardon —

Parliament —

Partition —

Pawnbroker —

„ Perfumery —

Perjury —

„ Petition —

Pewter, &c* —

Pillory, &c. —

Plague —

Players —

Polygamy Poor

— Overseers of ditto

— No Settlement —

— Certificates

4.- — Bastards —

---- Legitimate Children

— Settlement —

---- Removal —

— Relief —

Popery —

Postage —

Poll-Office —

Port- Horses — -

Prison-Breaking —

A a a a 2

307

id*

3il

3*9

33°

33*

id.

332

id.

335

id.

336

id*

— 337

— 338

— 340

— 34*

— id.

347

35°

364

366

id.

368

369

Process

TABLE OF CON

ENTS

Process —

Promissory Notes —

Prophecies -r-

Publication of Indecent Books, Public Worship

CL

Qualification, Sec.

Quarantine —

R.

Rape —

Recognizance —

Restitution —

Riot, Rout, Sec* -

Robbery

Roman Catholics —

s.

Seamen —

Search Warrant —

Servant —

---- Wages Rated —

---- Disputes Settled

Clothiers . —

----- -WpoHen, Linen, c.

— ---- Leather —

- Hatters

Lace-makers — -

Clock-m akers

Hu (band men

Taylors

Shoe-makers —

Duty on Servants Female Servants' duty (repealed) Sessions — —

Page.

369

370

37t

id.

id.

37^

371

— 373

— 374

— 376

— id.

— 379

— 3*«

----- 383

----- 3H

----- 385

----- 387

— - 39O

----- 391

— - 39*

----- 397

— id.

399

400

401

4°*

411

Sewers

ABLE OF CONTENTS,

549

Sewers —

Sheep —

Sheriff . Shire-Hall —

Silks -»

Slander —

Slaughtering Horses Smuggling Societies — F riendly Soldiers Enlifling ----- Muller ----

— Carriages — ^ — Quartering — — Deserting

— Setting of Trades Spirituous Liquors Stage Codches

Stage Coach Ad amended Stamps —

Stamp Doty on Wills

— Callicos,

Starch and Soap —

Stolen Goods <

Sammons —

Surety for the Peace Surety for Good Behaviour

Page.

414-

id.

i'S

id.

416

418

id.

423

425

433

43I

436

437 439 44®

W

id.

446

448

452

453

454

4S!

456

457 459

T.

Theatres Licensed Thread ip Quite* Tithes T obacco

— Amended Ad

Tom ---

Transferring Taxes

TransportatiOQ

Treason

Treasurer of County Turnips, Sec.

*6'

462

4^3

476

479

480 486 id.

4-87

id.

V.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Page.

V.

Vagrants — — 4SS

See Prevention of Felonies'. — F.

w.

Warrant ---

Watch and Ward

Weights and Meafores

Windows —

Wines

Witnesses

Women

Wood

Wool Combing in Suffolk Woollen Manufactare Wool, Sheep, &c. Work-houses Inspected Wreck —

497

id.

501

5° 3 5°4

S10

5n

518

527

cio

E R R A T A.

In the sheet H h, for page 133 — fam read 233 — &

Precedents

I i 3

Precedents and- Forms of Warrants, Summonses, Recognizances, and Informations, &c.

No. I. A SUMMONS of Matter on of an

APPRENTICE.

) To the constable of 3 " in the fai<J county

f^HESE are to require you on fight hereof to summon A. B.

of your parish of personally to appear before

me, at in at of the

clock in the noon, to at flier to such things

be objected, against him by C, D. his , for mijufing

him, &c. (as the case is)

Given under my hand and seal th day of in the year

N. B. You are also to summon the said apprentice to appear

before me at the same time, to make good his.

No. 2. 77;r fatne Form of SUMMONS of an APPRENTICE on Complaint of his Mafier, mutatisirijjtandis.

+ A No, 3.

t ii 1

No. 3. SUMMONS of the MASTER by two Justices.

The same as No. J. only putting us for me, and our handiy

13 c. for my handy t3c.

No. 4. WARRANT from two against a

Aiforderly APPRENTICE.

The same as No. 1. changing the numbers «*

No, 5. APPRENTICE'S Commitment by two Justices.

J To the constable of in the said

v and to the keeper of the house of correction at 3 in the said

lift HEREAS complaint hath been made before us two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said That

apprentice to the said hath committed divers

misdemeanors against him the said his yfiafter j

and particularly

And whereas, upon due examination and upon hear*

ing and duly conjidtring the allegations of both parties ing before us for that purpofty he the said funds convicted before us of the said offence : We do -fore hereby command you the said to take and convey

the said to the said of correctisny

and to deliver him to the said keeper thereof together with this our warrant: And we do hereby command you the said keeper of the said house of cotrediiony to receive the said into your custody, in the said house of

rc&kny

1

v^.

[ iii ]

] \ rettiorty there to remain and he corrected, and held to hard labour for the /face of* from the date hereof

-„i Given under our bands and seals the day of

in the year if our Lord one thousand \

hundred and

Not exceeding one calendar month.

J No. 6. APPRENTICE'S by two jfuficeSy if

the apprentice Fee did not exceed £-5, otherwise by four Jufices at the leaf, i Q.

0 /COMPLAINT having been made before us E. F. and ^ G, H. two of his Majestfs of the peace in and for the said by C. D. apprentice to A, B. of the parish of in the said and

'* ill-treatment from his master towards him the said -

\S tice, and particularly and the said A. R.

having appeared [or perhaps not having ] agree-

ably to our summons, but not having cleared hinfetf of the said charge brought against him, hereby discharge

is him the said C. D. from his apprenticeship with A, B. any

p' thing contained in the indenture between tkenty or otherwise

‘ housoevery to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under

i our hands and seals this day of

No. 7. Form rf a Warrant for an ASSAULT. To the constable of

/COMPLAINT having been made before me ^ one of his Majestfs justices of the peace

in and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said : that of

in the said did on the

t A day

[ }

dvy of violently aJJ'ault and beat b the fold

at aforesaid, in the

These are in his name to require

you forthwith to apprehend the said

and to bring h before me to answer to the said,

and to be further dealt with according to Given under my hand andfeal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousandfeveti hundred and

No. 8. Voluntary confession of a before the

Birth of a Ballard Child.

A D of theparifl) of in the said

single womany appeared voluntarily before J one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord And being examined

on oath, Jhe faith that Jhe is with ehild, and that the said

child is likely to be born a bastardy and to be chargeable to the parish cf afo and that £>. of the parish tf in the county of is the father

of thelaid bollard child.

Signed A,

Taken and signed the day and

year abovewritten.

Before me.

No. 9. Warrant for apprehending the reputed Father of a Ballard before its Birth,

I To the constable of in the said

JJfHER E AS A, B. of in the said

fin&e womany hath voluntarily made oath ibis

day of before me one of his Afajejbfs

justices of the peace in and for the said that Jhe

is

Ijy

[ V ]

is with child \and that the fa child is likely to be hern a

i: bastard, and to be chargeable to the of

xin'the said and that in the said

did beget the said child on the body of her the : said And whereas one cf

„ the over Jeers of the poor of the '

\ aforesaid, in order to indemnify the said

X' in the premij/es, hath applied to me for this my warrant to apprehend the said I therefore hereby require yon

„ immediately to apprehend the said and to bring

him before me, or some other of his said Majestfs justices of % the peace for the said either to enter into bond,

with sufficient Jureties to indemnify the said or to enter

into recognizance to appear at the next general fejfons of the peace to be holden for the said there

v to abide by what the court shall order, in pursuance of an adi of 18 Eliz. concerning bastards. Given under my hand 2 and seal this day of in the year of our

Lord one thousand seven hundred and

'No. 10. Examination of the Mother of a BASTARD after its.

" l i /? of the parish of $ 0*L/# fngle woman.

in the said being examined on oath before me [or us, if more than] one of his justices of the

peace for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord faith, that on the day of now laji the said B.

was delivered of a child, in the parish of

and that the said child is likely to become [or is afiually~\

chargeable to the said parish of and that C, D.

of did get her with child of the said bastard.

Taken and signed the day and year above-w.

!S

Before me or us.

Signed . B.

No. if.

C 'V 3

'No. II. Warrant for apprehending the reputed Faihtr .* a BASTARD after the.

1

To the constable of in the said

T/tf HEREA S A. B. of in the

single unman, hath deflated an oath before me, his Majesty's ju/lices of the peace in and for the said that on the day of now left pej,

Jbe was delivered at in the fetid i*

bafard child) and that C D. of the parish tj is the father thereof, and that the said jr

child is likely to become [or actually ixj chargeable to the Jed [ And whereat one ef onerjeen , of the poor of the said ef I

aforesaid, in order to indemnify the said in the 1

premisses, (nth applied to me fir this my warrant, tooppnl bend the said I do therefore hereby reymn \

you immediately to apprehend the said andti "

bring him before me, or same other hit Aiajejbfs of the peace in and for the said either to enter inti r

bond, with sufficientfureties, to indemnify the said

or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next genew fessions of the peace to be bolden for the said there to abide by what the court JhetU order, in pterfuanct ef an act of 18 Eliz. e. 3. concerning bajfards Given under

my hand and seal this day of in

f our Lord one thousand/even hundred and

No* 12.

Form of a Recognizance in a

BASTARDY.

day of

} TkE it remembered, that on the

^ in the year of our Lord . B. I

of the parish of in this 0^ 1

C. D. of the same, hufiandman,appeared befor*

one of the jujiiceof our sovereign lorith

me

king, assignedto keep the peace within thojdsd

C vii 3

uddid acknowledge to ewe to our Jove reign lord the king as I lows, viz. the said A. B. , and C. D. ^ bounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to he

vied on their goods and ch, lands, and tenements for f be use of our said sovereign lord the king, his , and

cccessors \ if the jaidC. D. shall make default in the irmance of the condition here V s

rjtnti Whereas of the par ish of in the

uyizi'aid single woma, &c. &c. [here either transcribe No. 8, if before the birth, or No. io, if , to the HArords bafard child: then add] The condition of this re-u:\ui:ognixance is such, that if the above bounden C.

AT.ruonally appear before his Majesty's juf ices of the peace at the

r &y.iext general / of the peace to be holden for

he said and there to all such things as

shall be objefied againf him, on account tf the /aid

with child [or lately deliver] of a child, -n i' 7 \de n by him the said C. D. and shall there abide by what the

jeourt shall order, touching the , then this recognizance

/hallbe void, or el/e remain in full force.

' x&

:i

Mlf,: d run*

Acknowledged before me.

v No. 13. A Mittimus of the feputed Father of a

BASTARD Child.

'"I]

constable of and to the keeper

of

in the said

jfc*

jr.#

TJfHEREAS

>* single woman hath appeared before me and declared upon oath that /he is with child (or was lately delivered) of a bafard child, and upon her oath hath charged of the parish of in the said,

with having begotten the said child, and also that the said bafard child is likely to become [or a finally chargeable to the said parish of And whereas the said being new

per-

v^.

r viu j

uTu,

pnfonally present before me, by virtu* of warranty tjfur*

for apprehending him the said either canntU rr

will not find sufficientfureties to indemnify the fold

or enter into recognisance to appear at the general sessions of the and there chide

what the court shall order, touching the in

of the act of 18 Eliz. concerning bajiardy:

These are therefore to require you the said con/}able of

on fight hereof to convey the said to

gaol aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be hj him kept, until he shall find sufficient sureties, as sr

shall he discharged by due course of Given under

hand andfeal this day of

No. 14. Warrant from the two next Justices for the ther, with a Summons for the reputed rather sf a BASTARD Child, to make the Order of Alaintenana.

\ To die constable of

77 P O N the complaint of the over Jeers of the peer of ^ parish of in the county of

also upon the oath of the single

woman, that Jhe was delivered of a hajiard child, is

the said parish, on the day of and that

of the parish of in the said county, is the father of th

said child, and that the said bastard child is now living, and tikelyto become [or is actually] chargeable to the said parish, before us ' two of his AlajcJlyJ s jujliees of the

in and for the said county, one whereof is of the quorum, both of us residing in or next unto the limits where the perfi ccurch cf in the said county Jlandeth

We the said jujliees do hereby command you to bring before trs at in the said county, on the

any of at in the n&ny

her the said to be further examined by us repelf-

I ]

ing tht premises; and that you also give notice thereof unto btm the said that he may be there at

'a the same time to make his defence; that we having examined the cause and circumstances thereof may take such order

therein as to right doth appertain : And what you shall do in "'n the execution hereof you shall make known to us at the time vi and place aforesaid. Given under ottr hands and seals this

» day of

. - — —

r.xr

No. 15. An Order for the Maintenance of a BASTARD aild.

s '

h

-t-Jx

>') rfi

1 rT'HE order of and two of

J his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said

county (1 Q.) and both residing next to the limits where the parish church of in the said county , made

the day of in the year

upon the complaint of the overseers of the poor of the said parish of concerning a bastard child,

which was born of the body of single in

the said parish of on the

day of now last pajl 5 which said bastard child

is likely to be chargeable to the said parish of we the said justices having examined the said on her oath, and having duly considered the circumstances of the case, do hereby adjudge, that of the parish of

labourer, is the father of the said bastard child : And thereupon we do order, as well for the maintenance of the said child, as for the relief of the said parish of that the said shall forthwith pay to the said -

seers of the poor of the said parish, or to some or one of them, the sum of for and towards the lying in of the said and the maintenance of the said bastard child

to the time of making this our ord. And we do also hereby further order, that the said shall likewise pay, or cause to be paid to the said overseers and their successors, or to feme or one of them, the sum of weekly, and every

week from the present time, towards the maintenance of the said bastard child, so long as the said bastard child shall be

f B chargeable

[ ]

chargeable to the said parish of case

not nurse and take care of the said child herself Given under our hands and seals the day and year first above-written.

No. 16. Form of COMMITANIENT* in general.

j To the constable of

i and to the keeper of in the said county.

JlfHE REAS is nauj before me

one of his Majesty'sjujlices of the peace in and for the said county, charged upon oath with (as the case may

he-)

These are to require you the said in his said Majesty's name, forthwith to convey and deliver into the cvjhdy

of the keeper of the said the body of

And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in the said

Herein fail you not. Given tender my band andfeal this day of in the year of osar Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 17. An Award of COSTS*

tffN the complaint of of the parish of

3" in the said against tf

in the aforefa'uj for (as the case may

be) which said complaint was h the matter determined before mey on the day of

I one of his Majesbfs justices of the peace

in and for the aforesaid, in of an

act made in the eighteenth year of his King George

th


the Thirds intituled, An act for the payment of cods to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. &c. do award the following cojh to be paid by viz. the Jum of

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 18. Form of a Warrant to for

COSTS.

? To the condable of and to all other his

3 Majesty's constables in and for the said

JJfHEREAS 1 ' one of his Maj fly's

V* justices of the peace in and for the

in purfuhnee of an act made tn the eighteenth year of his Majesty King George the Third, An act for the

payment of cods to parties, &c. See. See. on the day of on the complaint of

against for (as the case may be) award the

following costs to be paid by the oj

And whereas the said hath neither paid, nor

given security for the same to my These ate

therefore to command you, or some one or other of to

levy the said sum of by dislrefs and [ale of the

goods and chattels of the said And "

order and dir eft the said goods and chattels so distrained to be [gM and disposed of within the

cojtsfo adjudged, and also the charges attending such dislrefs, shall be paid within that time: And you are hereby required to certify to me what you shall have done by virtue of this my warrant. Given under my hand and Jeal this day of in the year of our Lord

t B 2 No. 19.


I ]

No, IQ. Form of Commitment for want of Difirefs fir

COSTS.

i To the constable of

3 and also to the keeper of the hodc

of correction at in the said

TJjH E RE AS,in turfuance of an made in the

eighteenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Thirds intituled,An act for the payment of co/h to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. See, . I one of his Majesty'sjujlices of the peace in and Jor the did

issue my warrant of difirefs and sale^ directed to the eonjlablt of ordering the said constable to levy the fm of of the goods and chattels of the payment of the cojls awarded by me as therein is set firth And whereas it appears to me by the return of constable of dated the day

that he bath made diligent search, but any goods and chattels of the said by and j'alcwhereof the said sum of may be levied

pursuant to the said warrant : Theft are therefore to command you the said constable of to apprehend the said and convey the said to the said house of correction : And these are also to command you

the said keeper of the said house of to receive the said and there to keep to hard labour for the

/pace of from the date hereof er until

such sum of together with the

attending the commitment of the said ' to

house ef correction, be first paid, or until the said be charged by due course of law. Given under my hand and seal at the day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 20.

t *«> ]

No. to Form of EXAMINATION of a Person

J i I j. accused.

c HTH E examination of of the farish

I ^ of in the said

taken before me (or if more than) one of

hu thi

thousandfe*ven hundred and

y,z ns Majestfsjujlices of the peace in and for the said

the day of in the year of our Lord one

cThe said being charged before with

hesi b

That

No. 21. Form of a Warrant on £/* FELONY*

K'rjirf, ^ To the constable of

r#i 1

r O R AS MUCH as of

ijii ^ in the county hath this day made informal

u j f tion and complaint upon oath, before me xi: r one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said r that divers goods of him the said that is to

j J*f

'"I have been feloniously taken, and carried away from

j - , in the aforesaid $ and that he hath

jujlcause to suspefl, and doth suspect, that 1 late of in the didfeloniously

;^gi and carry away the same : Th are in his Majesty s , j\ name, Jlrifi/y to charge and to command you forthwith to -prehend him the said and to bring him before me,

or feme other of his Majesty* s justices of the peace for this county, to answer to the said inf ormation and complaint, and to be further dealt with as the law Herein fail

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 22,

C »v 3

No. 22. /jr/» £/* Commitment FELONY,

I

To the constable of and to the keeper of

in the said

No. 23,

Form of Recognizance to fir

FELON V.

> D £ /V remembered, that on the 5 '* in the year of our Lot

Lord 17 tn this day of

J. /ft

personsally off earn

TIfH ERE AS is now brought before an

being one his Majesty's jujfices ajfpa

to keep the peace within the said and it doth oppicr

to me on the oath of that (as the case may be]

and that is 1.

These are therefore to charge and command you forthwith to convey the said to the gaol and deliver him to the keeper thereofc who is hereby required n receive into his cte/lody, and there to keep wad

'the next general gaol deliveryyor till shall be them discharged by due course of law* Given under my band asd seal this day of in the year of our Lord

parish of

before me one of his Jbfaje/Ty*s assigned to keep the

peace within the said and did acknowledge to

to our sovereign lord the King the of.

pounds of lenvful money of Create Britain, to be levied [ his goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, hr the uje it

our said lord the king, his heirs and if be

Jatd shall make in the per formanu:]

the condition here under-writ ten.

The condition of this recognizance is such, that if above-bounden shall appear at

next general to be at

in and for the said and there prefix -

[ XV ]

'bill of indictmentagainf ^ now or late of

for feloniously taking and carrying away (as 1 he case maybe) andjball then and there give evidence concerning the same, to the jurors who shall esquire thereof on he part of our said lord the king j and to the jurors that shall

>eon the trial of the fetid in case the same

>*found a true billy and shall not depart without leave of the ourt: Then this recognizance to be void> otherwise to remain n full force.

i

Acknowledged before me

*5

n

-N. B. These recognizances, as matters of record, are generally on parchment. — And the party bound must s be addressed by name, as acknowledged to be hereby in-debted unto the king, &c. &c.

xt

T

No. 24. Form of Recognizance to give Evidence in Case of , FELONY.

nrHEfame as No. 23. to the word [prefer] instead of I'*' which fayyThen and there give evidence upon a Bill of

fndiElment to be exhibited by of

,4o the grand jury against now or late of

for (as the case may be) And if the said bill shall be found a ^4 rue billy then if the said shall there give evi~

fence to the jurors that shall be on the trial of the said ,p upon the said bill of indictment, and shall not

depart without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be void, or else remain in full force.

a Acknowledged before me*

U

No. 2J.

Goode

[ XVI J

No. 25. Information against an unqualified Person fsr defraying GAME.

> rjnH E information and complaint of i of in the county of

made before me one of his Majestfs justicei I

the peace in and for the said the

day of in the year of our Lord one

seven hundred and

IV1)0 faith,That on the day of

in the year in the parish of

in the county aforesaid, of h

the county aforesaid did keep and use

to kill and defroy the gamey he the said not being qualified by the laxvs of this realm so to do: is to say, not having lands or tenements to the clear yearly

lue of 100/. per annum, nor other estate of 15 per annus \ nor being qualified by birth according to . And thereupon he the said prayeth that the fold

may be summoned to anfvuer the premises me the justice aforesaid.

Before me

No. 26. Summons of an unqualified P erf on for defiroyin? G A M £.

J To the constable of

TTfH E RE AS information and complaint have been made

before me one of his Majesijs justicet

of the peace for the said that f

in the county aforesaid on the

day of now last pafi,at the parish of

in the county aforesaid, did keep and use

to kill and destroy the game, he the said mt being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do: That isH say, not having lands or tenements to the clear yearly value f 100/. per annum, nor other estate of 150/. per annus; nor being qualified by birth according to Theft

[ xvii ]

therefore to Require yon forthwith to the said

to appear before me at in the said

on the day of

at the hour of in the

to answer to the said information and and to be

fnether dealt with according to . Ana you are required to be then present to certify what you have done in the execution hereof Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No, 27. Warrant to levy the Fine on an unqualified F erf on,

for destroying GAME;

To the constable of the in the said

of

WHEREAS an information hath been Iqid before me, # one of bit Majestf $ justices of the peace in and for the said by of that on the day of A. B. did keep

and use in the parish of aforesaid to kill and destroy the game, he not being properly qualified so to do; that is to say, not having an eft ate of the yearly value of 10/. nor lease of ninety-nine years and of 150

per annum,nor being qualified by birth or rank : And whereas the said information is now proved on the oath of a credible -

nefi to be true,whereby the said hath forfeited the sum of five pounds

These are therefore to authorize and require on fight hereof, to levy the said sum of five pounds by distress and sale of the goods of the said returning to him

the overplus on demandcharges of difhraining being first deduced 5 which money, when levied, you are to deliver half to the informer, and half to the of the parish in which the offence was committed: And what you do herein you are to certify to me. Given under my hand and seal this day (f in the year

t C No, 28,

[ xvifi ]

No. 28. Warrant rf Commitment an

for destroying GAME*.

v Tothe cenftahleof in the hid

> and to the keeper of the house «f

correction at in the Aid

JJ/HEREAS of tbtparish of

is lawfully convilfe before me

one of his Mejejlf s justices of the peace for this

of killing or defraying the game, he not being fed by estate or birth so to do;and has been ordered by warrant to

to pay five poundsfor his offence. And whereas the find hath not sufficient dislrefi whereon to levy the , as appears on oath, these are therefore to re on fight bereft to

convey the said - to the house ef correction aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof to be by bimjafely kept for the space of three months ; this beingjer the first offence. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

N, A For the ibcond offence four months*

No. 29* Form ef Warrant for GOOD BEHAVIOUR.

} To the conftaWes of hat the county,

J and to either of them.

1*0 R AS MUCH at

bath required/unties of good behaviour before me

one of the of our lord the king*

assigntd U keep the pease tytibinthe county, against of the fqidparish withal hath

taken h corporal oath bqfirenw, that ^

requireth the same not fir any private hatred, or evil

will*. but simply that is qfraiA that the fid

will do -v . feme bodily mfchief, and that the fa 'id hath threatened to do feme

bodily

1 ]

bodily mischief to the said

houses (as the case he)* are therefore,

' in the Heme of our l<trd the king., to charge and command

you, that immediately upon fight hereof you or one of you do bring the said before me, to findfujftcient

sureties, as well for his; personel appearance at the next general

quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said

i* county, as also that the said shall in the mean

time be of the good behaviour as well towards our said lord sp the king, as towards all his liege , and especially towards the said

73

'M Dated at in the said cotinty, the

s* day of in the year of the reign of our

said lord George the Thirds of Great Britain, France, and ai Ireland, king, defender of the and so.

i - . _ _________

i

# No. 30. Form of Recognizancefor GOOD BEHAVIOUR, 4

ii 7 n^HE same as in No. 23. , to be, holden

^ in and for the said there to answer to such

4 things as shall be objected against , and tn the mean time shall be of the good behaviour towards his Majesty and

all his liege people, and not depart without leave of the court:

Then this recognizance to be void, gr to remain in full

|l force

ii Ar. B. This is generally on parchment.

No. 31* The Form of Appointment ^/"SURVEYORS of the HIGHWAYS.

7 DTvirtue of an act of parliament in this case,

^ We, his Majesty* sj if lues, affgned to keep the peace

of our lord the king in the said county, at a sessions

t C 2of

U.

[ W J

of the peace for the said at s*t

the aforefatdy the day of , ire

the year Do hereby nominate and appoint

of the of

in the said to be furve of the highways for the said for the year enf

Given under our hands and feeds the day and year above Written.

No. 32. Complaint again/} defaulters on tbf HIGHWAYS.

^ nrH E information and complaint made this day by i ^ surveyor of the highways for the

of in the said JVbo Gath before me one of his Majesty's justices of the

peace in and for the said and faithy that

of was duly

by him the said surveyor tofind andfend on the

day of for the amending the highways

in the said (one or more , as the case may be).

But that he the said ^ not regarding the

summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf did neglect and make default, and did not find and fend on the said day of for the amending the said highways as aforesaid, contrary to the made

a For the amendment and preservatioH of the highways " whereby he hath incurred a penalty tf far

the said offence.

Taken and sworn the

day of

Before me

No. 33.

[ xxi ]

No# 33. A Summons of a Defaulter on the HIGHWAYS#

COMPLAINT and information having been made " upon oath before me one If his

iflices of the peace in and for the said by

irveyor of the highways for the of in the said

That you the said were duly

immoned by him the said to find and fend on

be v day of for the amending the

ighways in the said (one or more as

be case may be.)

3ut that you the said not regarding the

or attending to your duty in that behalf did neglect and make lefaulty and did not find and fend

n the said day of for the amending

he said highways as aforesaid: Theft are therefore to require

ou ferfonally to appear before at

n the said on the day of

f t the hour of in the to answer to the

aid complaint and information made by the said

uho is likewise required to be then and there to make

*ood the same Given under my hand andfealy this

lay of

\ -....

i*

Ao. ?4# A Warrant of Distress for neglect of duty on the

HIGHWAYS.

To the conibble of in the

of

T'HESE arty in his Majesty'snamey to command you to levy the sum of by distress on goons

nd chattels of of the parish of

in

C ttii 1

iW the fetid county, whoif duly em this

before me one of his

of the peace for the said county, upon the of

a credible witness, for that be the said 1

being duly summoned by the furvepr tft*

bigfnvays for the parish of aforesaid^ tojuizd, fend, on the day of (one or more t

as the case may be) for the amendment of tie highways in tu j said parish; but not regarding the Jummens, nor to his duty in this behalf did neglect and make !

did not find and fend on the said L\

of the said teams or menfor the amendment r;

the said highways, by reason whereof the said of

is forfeited^ which he bath refusei to toy. And f within four days after such distress, the ford with carcajou able charges of distraining, shall net be paid) you sri.* then to fell the said goods and chattels, and having paid

said sum of find also the said charges, j

return the overplus, on demand, to him the said |

And if sufficient distress cannot be found, you are to certify the same to me, together with this war j

Given under my hand andfeal > &c.

No. 35. Information fir Won-payment of ese

HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

\ j4 R surveyor of the highways fir the of

Ikm 'in tfoe jai£ cocomplaineth and meifr

oath, before me moe of his Majestfs justues tf1

the peace for the said ^ this dojf.

in the year of our JLord Tk

of the parish of hath rthjd

and doth refuse to pay his assessment or proportion towards th repair of the highiuap within the said ammtir

sc the sum of the same having born

demanded by him the said surveyo jfnd that be hath sat paid the said sum of I

nor any part thereof, contrary to the statutes mode jet if amendment and preservation of the

Sworn before me the day and year above-mentioned.

No. j-

I adit ]

No. 36. Summons for not paying an HIGHWAY

r ASSESSMENT.

L*

To of the parish of

in the said

D surveyor of the highways for the of

^ in the county of having

it complaint and information upon oath before " of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said

nty, that you the said have refused, and da

"feto say to him the said surveyor your assessment or -Uon towards the repair of the highways within the said iS amounting to the sum of the same

% iing been lawfully demanded of you by him the said j and that you the said not regarding

V duty in this behalf have neglected> and do fill neglect to i> the said sum of or any fart thereof contrary

tithefatutes fir the amendment and preservation of the n bways : These are therefore to require you personally to frear before at in the said,

the day of at

in the to to the said

Siplaint and information made by the said 0 is Ukewife directed to be then and there , to make

f*d the same Herein fail not Given under my hand and

*7 this day of in the year

__ -.....-

id

? >. 37. Form of a Warrant of Difrefs in default of - ment towards an HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

To the constable of in the (kid

in the parish of

!f J? of Par*fl of *n ft*

^ having been duly convicted -

'e me' one of his justices of the peace

f in

y

v^»

C «iy 3

in arid fit the f&id fir , that be the

doth refuse to pay, and hath not yet paid his ejpjjment towards the repair of the highways tbtjj

amounting to thefuns of sum both been lawfully demanded of the said by fnrvejor of the highways for the

These arey in his Majeshfs to ts ki >

the [aid sum of by distress of the

of the said ^ And if within the

days next after such dtftrefs, the together w

reasonable charges of di/fraining net be that tin you fell the said goods and chattels \ and having paid the ft sum of to the said surveyor, for towards t %

repairing of the highways in the said out ef lit.

money arising from such sale, that you return the rJ demand to him the said And ij‘fufiiiei

goods and chattels cannot he found whereon to levy the of on the said that then jn

the same to me, together with this . Given u&rf

my hand and seal this day ef U

No. 38. Form ftf Commitment in_ De^ai*Difrefsfir r

highway assess!

To the constable of and to the keeper of the said

in the said

in tic

A /? of the parish of in the said

having on the isj^j

in the year emitted heft 1

me one of his Majesty's of thefm'n

and for the said county of having refused, and fill reftfti a

say his proportion or dfjeffment towards repairing the ways within the said amounting to the r

contrary to the statutes made a For the ok& merit and preservation of the And,it

been made appear to me, on the oath of you the said acts*

' 0

[ XXV ]

*! of that you have used your hejl to

i rr's: levy the said fumon the goods and chattels of the said -r :: # at but could not find

: 2- sufficient difirefi whereon to levy the same:

,„, ^ Theftare to command you the said constable of

aforesaid, to apprehend the said andhimfafely

!':to convey to the in the said county^ and there

deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this *

^ jtnd I do hereby also command you the said , to receive

v i* inyour custodythe said till he shall have paid thesaidfum of and the further sum

‘ ^ l of being the costs and charges incurred by his

^ neglect in the premfes. For doing which this shall be, your C fifficient warrant Given under my band andfeal this

^ i the year of our Lord

M,

r

No. 39. ^ INFORMATION /»

j Hr HE information and complaint of i ^ /ji the parish of in the county

taken and made before me one of his Majestys justices of the peace in and for the feud county, this day of in the year

who on oath faith9 That

;a»

Sworn before me

J

to be signed by the

Wn*

J (

m )fjr »V j ju '

No. 40# /Vnw Conviction of felling by MEASURES

and WEIGHTS.

> D E it remembered\that J. B, of the parish of

5 ^ in the said county before me9

one rf his Majesbfs of the peace in and

[ xxvi ]

for the said county> and maketh that the day of Jell

not being agreeable to the measure (or weight]

but left than the same, contrary to the I therefsriy

having examined into the truth of the , adjudge him the said

offence, and codvilfed thereof as the lew direct* Given under my hand and seal this day k *

the year

No. 41. Form of a Precept to the High Constable for ordering Lijls of Persons to serve the MILITIA to be returned.

} To Gent, chief conflabk of

TlfE d. B. and C. Z>. deputy ad

E. F. and G. H. tzuo of his justices sf the

peace in and for the said county, at our general meeting fir that purpose assembled, do hereby require you to warrants to the several petty c within your

according to the form hereon Given under

our hands and seals this of

in the year

N B. The Form of the FPdrrant to be indorsed is in the possession of the clerk of the meetings) and needs not to be infer ted here.

1

No. 42. The High Constable's Notice to the Petty of the Number of Men liable to in the MILITIA.

J Do hereby require you to give notice to the several perk;

within your constablewtck liable to serve in the militia ff the said that. men are appoint'd

(by the deputy lieutenants and joffices of the peace for the fail at their subdivision to serve forth

Jm

1 [ xxvii ]

: said township \ and that the next meeting for said

t men by lot to serve in the said militia will be holden at

of ::7J in in the said on

t:':j the day of in the year

41

i

No. 43. fheHigh Qonjlable's Warrant for the Persons

b allotted to he sworn and inr oiled in the MILITIA.

To the constable of

HR HE S E are to require you to give notice to

an inhabitant within your chosen by

at the subdivision meeting of the deputy-lieutenants and jujVices

of the peace in and for the said to serve in the

militia of the said county, that he appear at the

in in the said on the day of then and there to fa he

the oath required, and to be inrolled to serve in the said militia as a private man for the space of three or to provide

a fit person to serve as his substitutewho, if take

the said oath, and be inrolled as.

This notice you are to give unto him, or leave the same at his place of abode, at least seven days before the said

day of And be youthen there to certify

what you shall have done in the , Given under my

band this day of in the year of

our Lori

ii} ii

n

f D % No. 44.

[ xxviii 3

No. 44. Summons of a MILITIA-MAN Us be

sworn and enrolled.

I

To the constable of

INFO R MAT 10 N and complaint upon oath having been made before me one of his

of the peace in and for the said that

late of in the (not being

one of the people called quakers) berth been duly chosen by lot to

serve as a private man in the militia the said

and that he hath had due notice to appear at the subdivision meeting of the deputy lieutenants and of the peace in

and for the said county,}to take the oath required^ and to he in-rolledy or to provide a fit person to serve as his feebftitutty and that he the said bath neglected to be Jutom and

inrolled to serve in the said militia9and bath not provided any fit person to serve as his substitute i are require you

forthwith to J'ummon thefind to appear be/ere

me at the in in the said tn

the ^ day of at the hour

of in the noon,

compla inty and to Shew cause tv by the penalty of 1 ol. jbeuld not he levied on the goods and chattels of the said for the said offence. Given under my band and seal this day of in the year

No. 45. Warrant to levy 10/. by JOi/lrefs on a MILITIAMAN negIdling to be /worand

To the constable of

A R of the par ish of /«

. fa,lL> mt bt'"S en.t V people called quakers,

having been convilled upon oath before rne one of his

Majestys j 10 ices of the peace in and for the said

' fir

n.

[ xxix ]

1 'ITair that he the said A. B, having been duly by lot to

i ffl ra rqje as a private man in the militia of the said

jd after due notice given him having neglected to -id to take the oath required, and to be to or to

wide a proper substitute, whereby he hath forfeited the sum 'ten pounds: ihefe are, in his to command you

levy the said sum by distress of the and chattels of him / zmt'e fai(l And if within the Jpace of

tjys next after such dislrefs, the said sum, with all reasonable

j jarges of disl raining shall not be paid, that then you fell the

k* ; id goods and chattels, and out of the money from

. . chfale,that you pay the said sum of ten pounds, to the deputy

If.: eutenantsand justices of the said or to such

trfon as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the -" ^: hiding a substitute to serve for him; and for the other purposes :r;C,r,ttrekedfor the application thereof; rendering the overplus, if ::(!fc1ny shall be, on demand unto him the said :'rf:'*ig the reasonable charges of the said disl refs : And if suffi-ient dislrefs cannot be found, whereon to levy the said ten bounds, that then you certify the same to me, together with the "4R eturn of this precept. Given under my hand and seal this

I day of in the year of our

&Lord

Lv! ----- ----- ----- - — — ----- ----- -----

sW*NTo. '46.

Warrant to commit a MILITIA-MAN, where 10I. cannot be levied by

ittf )

ihm

To the constable of of the common gaol at aforesaid.

and to the keeper' in the county

OE E No. 45. to the word ten pounds : And whereas I did ^ issue my warrant to the conjla of bearing

date the day of to levy the said

sum of ten pounds by dislrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the said And whereas it appears to me on the

\wath of the said constable of that after his best

endeavours to levy the said sum, the goods and chattels of the foid are not sufficient to answer the said dislrefs:

r x«c -j

Tfhefe are to command you the said constable of to apprehend the body of the said and him to csrrr to the common gaol at aforesaid, and there a- .

liver him to the keeper thereof together with this And I do hereby command you the said keeper of the gaol, to receive into your cu/lody in the same common gad in said and him there safely to keep for the j'p:.:

of And for Jb doing this shall be your JujpiuK -

warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

t

No. 47. Form of IVarrant to di/ircfs for Quaker's Subfi tutes in the MlLITiA.

} We deputy lieutenants and

> justices of the peace for the said

3 to the high constable of within the said and to the petty confhible of

within the said and to each

and every of them.

A H ^ate *n a/brefaii f

^ one of the people called quakers, having her 1

chosen by lot to serve in the militia of the said r

and after due notice having negleSled to appear and he inrdki I to serve, or to provide a proper : And wcy the

deputy lieutenants and justices, having upon as reesonable k as might hcy namely, for the sum of previi'i

and hired a fit person to serve in the ar-

l;tiay as thefulstitute of him the said do rcfhn

you to levy the said sum of by distress

of the goods and chattels of him the said

and to pay the same unto for the:

him the said 'Jubftit utey rendering the , if tt h*

the said after deducting the charges of iifiru

Given under our hands and this day of in the year oj' our Lori

No. 4?

or [ xxxi ]

~ :>:S[o.48. Form of RECOGNIZANCE to indifl for a

. MISDEMEANOR.

VfS 5

f, G D £ it remembered, that on the day of

as ,*N6. 23. mutatis mutandis.

,:*j '. 41

!! *? No. 40. jPer^i 0/RECOGNIZANCE to for a MISDEMEANOR.

As in No. 23.

]jjg

'' ' - The condition of this recognizance is that if the above unden shall personally appear at the next

eneral to be holden at in and

kfnr the said then and there to answer to an

xsiv^ndittment to be preferred again/l him by

itible? or and not depart without leave of the

1 :heplourt: Then'this recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of »aid ull force.

Acknowledged before

it 3 — ----- - — ..... — *

»a/ y# &

50. Form of RECOGNIZANCE to give Evidence for a MISDEMEANOR.

w# i As in No. 24.

"V?*'

t 1 The condition of this recognizance is such, that if the above bound shall personally appear at the next

general quarterfejftons of the peace to be holden at r? in and for the said and then and there

J/^iigivefuch evidence as he knoweth, upon a bill of indictment to f be exhibited by of to the

irani

£ Xxxii ]

grand jury, again/! \ni

said for and not dtp-

without leave of the court : Then this recognizance to othenuife to be of full force.

Acknowledged before me*

No. 51. A Warrant to apprehend one for brtaktm the PEACE;

1

To the coriftable of

JAfH E RE AS complaint is made before me one of his Aefaje/ly's justices of the peace ia cad

for the said upon the oath

of in tie said that

of the parish of is a person of common evil feme

(as the case is) and that the said bath

reason to fear, and is actually afraid f receiving feme

hurt from the Jieid

These are therefore, in his Majesty to commend puy

on fight hereof to bring the said btfort m

(orfome other of his AJajefy* s justices of the peace for tit jame ) to find sufficieutjuretiesfor

personal appearance at the next general quarter fissions peace to be holden at in and for the fail

and also for beeping the peace towards his Majesty and all his liege people, and particularly towards tbt ' said complainant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 52.

[ xxxiii ]

No. 52. Recognizance for keeping the PEACE,

on Parchme.

The same as Nt>. 23. in the»

» The condition of this recognizance is such> that if

shall perfmally appear at the next general quartet .ffions of the peace to be hidden in and for the said do and receive what shall then and there be injoined him her or them] by the courts and in the mean time shall keep vJe peace towards our said lord the , and all his liege eopley and particularly towards of

n the of and shall not depart without

*ave of the court: Then this recognizance to bt 0 be of full force.

No, 53. Commitment for want of Sureties to keep the PEACE.

1

To the constable of and to the keeper of

in the said

iJJjfHEREAS

is now brought before me one of his Majestfs assignedto

keep the peace within the said And whereas

he being required to find fuss dent sureties with him in - cognizance for his appearance at the -next general quarter r; lions of the peace for the said and in the mean

time to keep the peace towards his Majesty and all his liege ' peepley is unable or unwilling to find such sureties: These are to require you the said constable forthwith to convey the tisaid to the goal or house of correction at

$ and also you the said keeper of

to receive andfafely to keep him the said until

be shall find sufficient sureties as Given under my

hand and seal this day of 17

t E

No. 54,

[ xxxiv 1

No. 54.. A Warrant for tht Appointment of Chur [errs of POOR.

7 To and of the parub

J of in the said

J/t/Ey whcfe hands and seals are hereunto beieg kl

Majesty's justices of the peace ( I Q.) for the said

do hereby authorize and appoint you thefoil and being bouji-

holders within the said farish of to be

of your poorfor the year ensuing

N. B. With this appointment, a printed charge is given, which the overseers are, or ought to be, injoined frequently to peruse, and strictly to obey.

No. 55. A Warrant (after a Summons) againflonOvr- V Jeer, for not holding a monthly Alee ting to enquire inU State of the POOR.

To the constable of

r

TJfHE REAS one of the if

the poor of the parish of was

to appear before us (two of his Aof the feaa (1 Q^) in and for the said for neglslhng r

beep his monthly meeting in your parish church, afternoon in every month, there to consider of feme »

ways and means for the relief of your and tbt jsd

overfer now appearing before us, zve do, on examinat 'm t the said offence, adjudge the same to be true; be having u jujl excuse for his neglect } you are therefore hereby on fight hereof, to levy the sum ef tzuenty shillings, to be di-tributedamong the poor of your parish : And, on his

[ xxxv ]

" negle£2to pay you the said twenty fallings within

'Jk days., you are to levy the same by dislrefs and of

. he goods of the said returning

uerplus: And what you shall do you are to certify

i us,or one of us, within the [pace cf six days next after you

vy the same. Hereof fail nGiven under our hands and L ~ nals this day of in the year

a i

i

No. 56. Warrant of Distress for Non-payment of a POOR'S Rate.

To the churchwardens and' overseers of the poor of the parish of

' tOOgfl. 1

JTfH E REAS complaint hath been made unto us

and jufiicesy

f the peace in and for the said by you the said

^ pChurchwardens and overseers of the poor, upon your oath, that i tf tctp of this parish, hath refused, after your

L 0 pay you his or her proportion of a rate or ajfefj'ment lately made for the relief of your poor, and whereas no f :ause hath been Shewn us, why the same should not be paid,

1hefe are to authorise and require you to make a present de~ nand of the said sums of money of the person charged therer with y which, if shall not pay within six days next

-j «f ljter your demand, or Shew us sufficient reason to the contrary,

pupfou are to levy the same, by dislrefs and sale of his or her % oods, returning the overplus (after all reasonable charges ,r jj tftare deducted) to the owner thereof. Given under our hands j, y f^and seals this day of

S*

($ h

a of!

r.V

t E 2

No. 57s

[ xxxvi ]

No. 57. Warrant to bring the PAUPER to be examined.

To the constabk of

nO MP L AI NT having been made before me ^ one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said by the churchwardens cued overseers of the

poor of the parish of in the aforesaid, that bath come to inhabit in the said having neither gained a legal settlenent

therein, nor produced any certificate owning to be

settled elsewhere, and that the said is likely to

become chargeable to the said Theft ere therefore to require you to bring the said before m*,

and such other of his Majesty's justices of the peace as Jbali he presentat in the said m

the day of at

0*clock in the noon, then and there to be examim

concerning the place of loft legal settlenunt, end n

be further dealt with according to Given under my

and seal this day of in tk

year

No. 58* Form of Examination of a PAUPER before

two Justic.

7 nrHE examination of

S 1 in the

now refidtti. parish (or ckapek\ or precinct) of in the said county a

on his oath faith that he was born in the parish of ift the founty of ^ ;

his parents who were legally settled in that parish till the of of years; [that (here mieft be traced the particular:

of the pauper*s life) either that] he was legally apprentud 'to of the parish of by indenture;

that beferved his said master, who % vas lawfully

[ xxxvii ]

ly certificate,in the Jaidparish years; or, that be

1 was lawfully hired to of the of

for a yeary and performed the service of a , v

71 wages for the yearj or, that he rented an house

indlands to the amount of 10/. ain the parish of

ory that he served an annual public office in the parish of or that he was affessed to and paid

parochial or other taxes in the parish of that

J?e is a married many has a wife named and

r childreny one named aged

,:ears; another named aged years;

J.'hat since his marriage he hath neither rented toL a yeary forJerved a parish officey nor paid any taxes, nor done any other - ift whereby a legalJettlement might be.

1 Signed A, P.

t

~this

f

s

i

This examination was taken and sworn to before

day of

in the year

I. P.

N. B. A duplicate of this examination to be kept.

No. 59. Form of a PAUPER'*

7 To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the I parish of in the county of

TJfE, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the ;; parish of in the county of

do hereby certify, that we own and acknowledge that A, .

his wife and children (whose names and ages must be mentioned) are inhabitants legally settled in our parish of aforesaid. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands

j: andJ'ealsythe

it year of our Lord

day of

in the

Attefied by

ci l.m.

N.O.

i

£ Churchwardens.

G.H.

J.K.i

in

f xxacviii ]

We P. £>. and R. S. two of Majesty's peace in and for the said county of the abave-written certificate. dnd certify, thit

L. M. or N. O. one of the witnesses wbt the Jam,

hath this day made oath before us the said justices, that bt the said L. M. or IfO. did fee the

seers of the poor of the parish of aforesaid,

whose names and seals are thereunto andfctftveralij

sign and seal the same j and that the names of L. M. $r N. 0. who are the witnesses atte/iing the said are

spectively of their own proper hand-writing. Given underm bands this day of

No. 60. Order to remove a of which a

Duj. licate is to be kept.

1 To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the V parish of to execute^ and to the church-

) wardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of to receive and observe.

T Jf HE R E AS complaint is unto us

two of his Majesty's jif ices of the peace in and for the said (I ) by you the

overseers of the poor of the said of that

and his wife and children are

inhabiting in your said parish^ in order to gain a settlement therein, not bringing any certificate owning,

and are likely to become chargeable to your parish of

We the said jtflices having examined the fold on his oath concerning the , and also touching the place of his legal , do berehj

adjudge^ that the said . and his family ere

(or are likely to become) chargeable to the said parish cf and that the loft place of their lawful ment is the parish of in the county of

These are therefore to require you the said churchwardens tr overseers of the poor of the said parish of or fine

of you forthwith to convey the said and

his wife^ and their said children to the parish of oforesaidy and deliver them to the churchwardens or overseers of she poor thereof or to either of them^ together with' this t ordery

j [ xxxix ]

^ order: And you the said churchwardens and are hereby required to receive and provide for them as the law ju directs. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

^1 , , — — — .

No. 61. An Information from a Pauper, with a Warrant a of Summons and Order for Relief

or A ' D maketh oathy that upon the day of

t in the year

:1l maintain hinfelf afkedfor relief of the overseers of the poor of the parish of and that they refused to allow him any

thing for his relief

% Sworn before me

xft of the peace in and for the said

day of 17

one of his Majestf ju/lices

this

Signed

it

A Warrant of Summons consequent.

j To the constable of the parish of

rT'HE S E are to require youy on fight of the above -

tionyto summon the overseers of the poor of the parish of

to appear before me to Shew why they refused to allow the above A. B. any thing for his relief Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

An Order for the Pauper's Relief

To the overseers of the poor of the parish of

F one of his M ju/lices of the peace in

and for the said having examined into the

complaint of the pauper A. B, against you the said overseers, for refusing him relief and finding the complaint to be -finable and well founded; do hereby ordery that you shall weekly and every weeky from and after the date hereof pay to the said A.B. the sum of fi long as the cause offuchrelief continues. Given under my hand and seal

this day of in the year

No. 6a.

t *1 ]

No. 62. Order of Removal of a Certificate Perfin.

To the Churchwardens9Wc. as No. 60.

Whereas and his family (naming them) are

dent in your fold parish of by virtue of a certificate under the hands and seals of who were

churchwardens and overseers of the poor in the year which certificate is attested by two/worn and allowed by two justices of the peace ; and that they arc become actually chargeable in the said parish of

These are thereforey £sV. as in No. 60.

No. 63,

Form of a general Rec without

Sureties, on Parchme

A Z> of the parish of in the said

doth hereby ack I to our fivereign lord the kingy the sum of pounds |

of lawful money of Great Britain*

On condition, that the above hounden B, appear at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to h olden at in the said And there

to (as the case may be) and not depart without

leave of the court.

On performance of which conditionythis recognizance shall be

voidy otherwifi of fullforce.

Acknowledged before me this

in. the year of our Lord

day if

No. 6f

No. 64. Form of a general Recognizance, with Sureties, on.

7 A D of the parish of in the said county

1 doth hereby acknowledge himself

to owe to our lord the king C. D, Acknowledged himself to owe E. F. acknowledged

On condition that the above hounden . B. &c. as in

^No. 63.

Acknowledged before me

No. 65. Information of Fraud Rent.

\ A D of the parish of maketh oath,

that on the day of

about of the clock in the

he saw C. D, of in the said

aid and afffl E. F. in fraudulently conveying away his goods from

Sworn before us (being his majeslfs justices of the peace in and for this county) on the day of

Signed

No. 66. A Warrant to summon the Offender for affjling in a Fraud respefiing Rent.

> To the petty constable of

JJfHEREAS we have received information on the oath of a credible witness, that on the day of

he saw C. D. of your,

aid and affft E. r»in fraudulently conveying away his goods

(here to be named, if known), to prevent his landlord from f F dif raining

C *Ki J

tit/? raining for his rent ; the/ are to and

you to cause the said C. Z>. personally to appear before us at

thefign of in on the day of at if

the clock in the noony to

of the act of nth of George II- not he levied oh him for

his offence.

N. B. The penalty in this case is double the value of the goods so fraudulently conveyed away, being appraised by two sufficient persons upon oath.

No. 67* An Order to levy on the Offender's Goodsffir ajffing in a Fraud resp NT.

To the constable of the parish of

TJfH E RE A SC. D. is this day before

and his Adetjeftfs justices tf the

peace in and for the said of having aided end

assisted E. F. of your said par$ in fraudulently conveying

away his goods to prevent the landlord of the said . F, from dist raining for his rent; for which offence we do hereby adjudge him to pay the sum of being double the

value of the said goods : fhefe are therefore to authorize and require you to receive the said sum ef

from him the said C. D. or tn default of payment, to levy the said sum by dislrefs and sale of the goods of the J'aid C. D.for the ufeef the landlord of the said E. returning the

Given under our hands and seals this day of

*N. B. The value of the goods conveyed away must not exceed 50I. and for want of distreis, the party is to be committed for six months, unless the futn be foonerpud.

No. 68,

. [ xl'« 3

S "No. 68# A Warrant to search after Stolen Goods.

t

7 To all petty constables, headboroughs, and others* !* i within the and to every of them.

k 1A/HEREAS

* hath made oath before me . one of his Majesty'sjustices of the peace in and for the J that on the day of his dwelling

house was broken open (or as the case may be)y and that the following goods, that is to say, have been

feloniously taken and carried away by some person or persons un--- known \ and that he the said hath probable

tause to suspecty and doth suspe6ly that they are concealed in V the of of the parish of

in the said These are thereforey in his Majesty's nameyftriftly to charge and command youy on fight hereofy with proper affjflantSy to enter in the day-time into the of the J'aid and make diligent

search for the said goods : And if or any part

y shall be there foundy that you bring the goods so and also

J the body of the said in whose custody you

shall so find thenty before one or of his Majesty's justices

f of the peace for the said to be proceeded against according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

Two jufiicesy if the goods stolen and received be lead,

iron, copper, brass, bell metal, or folder, by 29 G. II. c. 3o-

if ________________________

ji "

$ No. 69* A Summons for Non-payment Servant's

Wages.

1

To the constable of

)y, T/ffU E RE AS complaint hath been made unto me

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said by a covenantedfervant

to of your parijl)y that his said majter hath

f F 2 rcjujed

C *liv 3

refused to pay him the sum of being due to him

for wages, according to a covenant between them:

are therefore to require you t_p cauf the said

personally to appear before me to anfmr the said complaint, on the day of in the

noon, at in the said

and be you then and there present to certify what you fall have done in the premises. Given under my band and this day of in the year

No. 70. An Order for the Payment of a Servant's Usages.

3 HO MP L AI NT having been made unto me > ^ one of his Arfaje/Iyjustices of the peace in end

for the said upon the oath of

in the said that he the fad

having been hired by of the

parifi of to he a servant in the business of and having duly performed the said Jet bath net been able te

obtain from his said maser the jujlly due to him: bid

he the said master having been duty to appear and

to answer the said complaint, but not having Shewn (sr net having appeared to Shew) any jujl cause why the said wages should not he paid: 1 do hereby, after a due examination of the truth of the said complaint, adjudgdetermine, and order that he the said master do pay, or cause to be paid, on due notice -

of to the said the sum of which

appears to me to be jujl and reasonable to be paid by him the said to him the said and for

his wages as aforesaid. Given under my hand and seal the day of in the year of our Lord

No. -1.

t Hr 1

: " i

"t No, 71. Dft refs for Non-payment of a Servant's

Wages* *

*.-a To the constable of

i*r

YHER E AS,upon complaint being made to me

.__- one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and the said on the oath of of the

_ j-g; 'ish of in the said N that he

hired by of your , to

1 the baftncfs of and that he having duly permed the said service hath not been able, to obtain from his

V 'f*dmaster the wages jujlly due to him: And , upon

'' " e examination of the matter, 1 did on the

day of by writing under my hand

id seal, determine and order that he the

iuld pay to him the said the sum of

x ^ which to me appeared to be just and reasonable to be paid jcr.- 'm as and for his wages as aforesaid: And whereas it ipcars.) that after due notice of the said and due demand

ikjf the said sum of being , neither the whole

[w'A'r any part thereof hath yet been paid: are therefore

command you to make dft refsof the goods and chattels of the y/ivid And if within the space of \

\\tfliys after such distrefsy the said sum of with

fftl reasonable charges of dislrcfs, shall not he , that you do ft ll the said goods and chattels, and out of the produce of the fair, t..,ftf>at you pay the said sum of unto him

'id returning the , if , on demand

him the said all reasonable charges as ajore-

ftmd, being first deducted.Given under my hand and seal thi<

day of in the year

No. 72.

[ ]

No. 72. Complaint of a Servant against his

for ill Usage.

! A. B. of the parish of

in >'

and maketh

before me one of

peace in and for the said the

day of in the year That at

he was hired by of the far},

of to be servant in the business of

land that he hath continued in the ferric c, and doth r:

continue therein : And that, during the said the / \

hath misused him the said particularly (as the case may be) whereupon he the said x prayeththat j if ice may be done in the

Si?J

This complaint was made on oath before me9 the day and year abo.

No. 73. Summons of the for ill Treatment

of his Servant.

To the constable of

A D of the parish of in the said

complained upon oath before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in end for the ja , that he the said bavin*

hired by of the parish of &

servant in the buflness of and that during &

service he the said bath misused the said

and particularly Tbej'e are to

you, in his said Majesty's name,to summon the said

to appear before me on the day of

at of the clock in the , to

to the said complaint. And be you then there to certijj u f

you have done in the execution hereof Given under my os and leal this day of

No.'

y

£ Jclvii ]

No. 74. Discharge of a Servant complaining of U

' ' Usage.

1

r^O MP LA I NT having been made before me ^ one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and

y the said on the oath of of

in the said a covenantedfervant

of in the said

71he the said having been duly hired by and having entered upon and continuing hitherto . he service and employment of the said and

ing the said service having been misused by the said _'f and particularly

tftnd the said having been duly summoned to

" ear before me to answer to the said , but having ~ n not abley or not having appear to acquit of the

*'irge, which hath been fully proved agaitift him ; / do hereby that he the said be discharged^ and I do

ebydischarge him from his said service and employments —

: ven under my hand and seal this day of

s the year

j. No. 75. Master*s Complaint against the Servant.

^ ^ of the parish of

core me

and for the said

in the said complaineth and maketh one of his justices of the peace

that of

in the aforesaid^ servant in the business

to him the said hath been guilty

divers mifdenteanors, in his said service towards him the

'd and particularly hath and

' ereupon he prayeththat justice may be done

Signed

:'f This complaint was made before me is day of in the year

1 No. 76.

i

f xlvrn ]

No. /6. Warrant ta apprehend a Servant.

I

To the oonftable of

INF OJl MATIO AT and complaint upon oath having

jiw<& before me one of his Afajffs

rf the peace in and for the said by of the parish of that of'tbtf

parishy J'ervant to him the said in

of hath been guilty of divert misdemeanin

his said servicey towards him the said

iicularly

These are therefore to command you forthwith to bring S'-said before mey to anfcuer to the said pk-c,

and to be further dealt with according to law* Given my hand andfeal the day ef ii &

year of our Lord

No. 77. Commitment of a disorderly Servant. |

To the constable of in the (kid

and to the keeper of the house earre&iwu I in the said

See No. 76 to the word particularly.

And I having duly examined the profs and allegation: r* both the said partiesyand on due confederation of the having adjudged and determine dy that he the hath been guilty of divers misdemeanors in his said fcn.u These are to command you the said con/iable forthwith 1

the said to the said house of corrects

and deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this tu rant. And you the said keeper are hereby charged and mandedto receive the said into your c*Ma

and there to keep % detainy and bold him to hard labour jr J

[ xlix ]

[\k the space of fr the date hereof For doing which this shall be your fujfcient warrant. Given under my

hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 78. A Summons in general*

To the constable of

^nrH ESE are to require you, on fight hereof to summon and

'cause personally to appear before me of his

Majestys justices of the peace ir\ and for the said )

mUit in the/aidat o'clock

- :i n the noon, to answer to such things as shall be ob~ -jseEled against him by for (as

the case shall be). find you are to be present at the time

md place, to make the return of your due execution —

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 79. The Magistrate's Certificate of the Soldier's

lnlijling.

of the age in the

HrH ESE are to certify, that

of years, born at ounty of ~ appeared this day before me

one of his Majejlfsjujlices of the peace for the said

of and \ that on the

day of he did voluntarily

^ilifi bimfilfas a private foldito serve his king

ffrjeorge in his fai

commanded by

id M

regiment of and that he doth

K'nvfreely content to the same. These are therefore,

$ fiat he the said is duly inlijled as a for esaid;

uC'fid that the second and sixth sessions of the articles of war

\ainjl mutiny and desertion were also read unto him before frf'e this day, and that he hath , at the same time, taken

G before

t 1 ]

before me the oath mentioned in the fold . Given tender

my hand at in the /aid

this day of in

the year of our Lord

No. 8o. A Warrant to provide Soldiers, .

To the constable of

i

TJf HEREAS an order for that purpose from the right honourable his secretary at |

war (or, as the case may be), is this day produced to me

one of his Majesty* s just of the peace for the fed

I do hereby reauire you to provide with able men to drive the same, within your,

fir carrying the arms, ammunition, and baggage belonging n

part of his said Majestfs regiment of

on their march from in the said county, to with you are to apptsr

at aforesaid, precisely at the hour of

in the morning. Herein fail not, as you will the contrary at your peril. Given under my hand and at in the said county of the

day of in the year of our Lord

No. 8r. Complaint for Non-payment of[mail Tythes.

] A D mintfter of the parish of

5 elm JJ* complaineth before rJ

two of his majesty* sjuft ices

for the said again/} f tbtjm

parishy for fubftrafting, withdrawing, or failing in the tnc

payment of the sum of for small offering

oblations, obventioHs, compositions,or agreements for the Jam.

[ li ]

by the/paceof twenty days after demand made thereof \ dated

the day of in the year

C. D.

it No* 82. Complaint against a Quaker for refusal

of Tythes,

) rT>HE complaint of minister of the

S'* of laid before and

. . , two of his Majesty s justices of the peace in and for

- the said against

being one of the people called for to or

compound for the tytnes and other dues and payments

L ; v belonging to the church of aforesaid : For which

rff he the said minister prayeth for such as the law will

r: afford.

lift tt Signed this day of in the year

r *

i - - '

sass

jcii

«tap!

No. 83.

A Summons for Non-payment of small Tyth es.

To the Constable of

TJf/H E R E A Scomplaint in writing is made unto us

two of his Majesty justices of the peace for the said by

r '' parish, against of your partjhy for

fJt\ withdrawing, or failing in the true payment of the of

jiff due to him the said for small

{iff offerings,oblations, obventions, iffc. within two years last pajl \

*'j; y hcfe are to require you to Jummon the said

personally to appear before us at the in

in the said at

.. Jj noon, to answer the said comp! tint. And be you

f G 2

G»

[ m 3

there present to certify what you ba*ve done in the

Herein fail not Given under our hands andfcah this day of in the year

No. 84. Summons for the of Quaker's

Tythes.

HHHE same as No. 83. only inserting after the words your parish (being one of the pe extending the complaint beyond final 1 tythes and ojjeringsy ts tythes and other rights, dues and to the

church of

Not exceeding ten pounds.

No. 85. An Order for the Payment of fm&ll Tythes.

To the Constable of

TJfH E R E A S of your hath ban duly

summoned to appear this day before us (being

two of his Majejlfsjujhces of the peace for the

and neither of us patrons of your or chapel frets

whence the tythes do arise, nor any ways interested;

upon the complaint of of your par if

against the said for withdrawing,

or failing in the true payment of the sum of for small tythes, offerings, oblations, comf-ofithnr

agreement for the same \ and on the appearance the f:i before us (or in default of appearance, lie summons being duly proved), weherving examined upon the evidence produced before us, touching the do adjudge that the same is true ; and that there is jujth dsn to the said the sum of for the fno.i

tythes, tfc,as aforesaid: We do therefore hereby

[ Mi ]

and require you on fight hereof to demand the said sum of i from him the said together with the sum of* for costs and char get \ , if he shall refuse

or neglect to pay you for ten days, after such demand^ then you are forthwith to+certify the same unto us. Given under our ~hands and seals this day of

in the year

Not exceeding ten shillings.

,.N. B. This judgment mud be inrolled at the next quarter-

sessions.

No. 86. An Order for the Payment of Quaker's $ Tythes.

1

To the constable of

frHEfame as in No. 85* only after the word

^ parishy in the first line one of the people called

quakers)y and extending the order to the payment of tythes and other rights, dues., and payments belonging to the church of

aforesaid, and due to him the said

No. 87. A Warrant of Distress forfmall Tythes.

To the constable of wardens of the parish of

and to every of them.

and to the church-in the said

Iff HE RE A Sy upon hearing and examining of a complaint laid before us and (being two of his Mujfly's just icesof the peace in and for the said

and neither of us patrons of the church or chapel) nor any ways interested in the tythes due to your church by minijUrof your parishy again]} of the same parish for withdraw-

ing*

£ Hv ]

trig, or failing in the payment of of fir

small tytheSy offeringsytstc. Pf adjudge the same to be,

and did order you to demand the sum of together with reasonable co/is and charges; and the said having^ as it appears 6n , the sum of as aforesaid, within ten days after

demand \ these aretherefore to authorize and

fight hereof to levy the *fid?H of fir

and cojhy as aforesaid, by edi/fref of the goods of the said And if the said of be not paid

within three daysy together uuith the charges of

difirefsy then you are to fe/d the and to return the overplus to the party y reservtng the said sum of and the reasonable charge of takings 'keepings and jeiiing such

difirefs. Given under our bands and seals this day of in the year

*N.B. This extends only to ty thes under 40s. per annum, due within two years 5 and it the person shall intill on 1 modusy and deliver the same in writing to the justices, and give security to pay costs, the justices shall forbear to proceed.

No. 88. JVarrant to di/irefs for Quaker's Tythes. To the constable of

fH IS is the same with No. 87, except that (one of the people called quakers)y is to be in/erted; and the sum to be

levied is not in lieu of fmtetfl ' offeringSy &c. but tf

tythes and other rights,duesy and f belonging to the

church of and dui to him theJ'aid

f N. B. This extends tiot beyond ten pounds, as mentioned in No. 84.

No. 89.

E> ]

No. 89. A Certificate from the in one to the Justices in another, resetting Tythes.

T/ffE, whosenames are underwritten, two of his Majestys

justices of the peace for the said do hereby certify

his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of that on the day of laj

upon hearing and examining the complaint of of the parish of ag of the same parish, for subjlrafting, withdrawing, or failing in the

payment of the sum of being due to him for

tythes or agreetnents for the same, we did in writing under our hands and Jeals, adjudge that the said sum of was justly due to the said for the tythes as

J'aid, and made our order to levy the same, together with

for cojls ; but the said removing before

the same could be levied on his goods, you are therefore authorized, by the laws now in force, to levy by your warrant the said sum of by andJ'ale of the goods

of the said together with the sum of

for cojls j which sum, when levied, the officers who shall levy the same, are to deliver to the complainant: After sale made of the difirefs, the officers are to reasonable

charges to be allowed by you for taking and keeping the difirefs, and return the overplus to the owner on.

Given under our hands and seals, the day of in the year

d No. 90. A Precept* from the Justices to the High -i> 4 fable to make a privy Search for Vagrants.

j 7 To the high constable of the hundred of

'T'H E S Eare to require you to issue out your warrant to all

petty confables and tythingmenin your hundred, requiring them to make a general privy search within their precincts.

in

[ Ivi ]

in allfufpefted places where rogues and vagabonds do resort; that such persons, being duly brought before usy may be dealt with according to law. Given under our bands and the day of in the year v

On this precept, the high constable's warrant is founded.

No. 91. The Vagrant's Ex

> rJTH E examination of a rogue and vagabond, taken on oath before me one of his Majesty's j if ices of the peace in and for the said

. this day of in the year

af our Lord

IVhOy on hoathyfaithy that

Here are to be traced the particulars of his or her life, from the birth to the present time.

No. 9 2.A Warrant for the public Whipping of a

Vagrant.

To the constable of

'yOVare hereby authorized and cornmanded liclyto whip or cause to be whipped

a rogue and vagabond^ this day found wandering and begginf in the parish of in the said nit

having any legal settlement there, and now brought before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said to be dealt with according to

After which whippings you are to remove and convey the said according to the of the pass herewith

delivered to you. Given under my hand and seal this day of .hi the year

No. 93.

C Ivii 3

No. 93. The Commitment of a Vagrant.

To the constable of

of the house of correction at the said

and to the keeper in

_ rnH ES E are to command you the said forthwith

^ to carry a rogue and this day

found wandering and begging in the parish of a in the said not having any legal

therein, and thereupon apprehended and brought before me

one of his Majestfs of the peace in and for the said according to law.

that he may be punished and dealt

And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in

the said house of corrections there to be safely kept for jpace

of /even days at the least,or until shall be delivered

by due course of law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No, 94. The Form of a Vagrant's Pass± within the same Jurisdif,

To the constable of In the said

to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens, chapelwardens, or overseers of the poor of the

of in the said or either

of them, to receive and obey, .

JAfHE REAS was apprehended in the pari/h

' of in the ,as

a rogue and vagabond^ viz. (here name the speciesy or act of vagrancy)

And upon examination of the said taken before

me one of his Ma/e/lfs justices of the peace in

f H

t hiu 3

and for the said (which examination is here*

unto annexed) it doth appear, that kru/fulfcttlcmext is

These are therefore to require you the said to

convey the said . having been publicly whipt rr con-

fine dj even days at the leaf in the house of correction, in the next direll way to the said if

within the said and there to

to feme constable, churchwarden, or tf

the poor of the same of

to be provided for according to law. And you the said

wardens, chapckvardens, and over of the ere hereby

required to receive the said person, and provide for as the law directs. Given under my band and fed tfcxs

day of in the year f

our Lord

No, 95. 7 he Form of a Vagrant Pass to a

county ^England, or to Scotland.

To the constable of

and also to all coofiables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the of to receive

and obey: if in Scotland, to all constables and other officers (within that part of Great Britain called Scotland) whom it may concern, to receive and obey.

7If HEREAS[as in No. 94- to the word settlement], is in the parljh of in the county of

in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: These art therefore to require you the said corf able of

aforesaid, in the county of aforfeid,

to convey the said to the town of

in the county of that being the firfil town in the

next precrnCt through which be ought to pajij in the dined

* — wq

--1

I IIX 3

way to the said parish of to.which he is to be

and to deliver h to the c or other officer of such first 52 town in such next precinfty together with this pajs> and the

duplicate of the examination of the said taking

! r ' his receipt for the same: And the said is to be

'*'*., thence conveyed on in like manner into the next adjoining shire, *7Jti (or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the next 1 Jlevoarty or place) and is there to be delivered to some constable

3,3 or other officer of the next parishy or place aforesaid,

taking his receipt for the same: And such officer in the said f parish of in the county of or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland aforesaid, is hereby required to receive the said and give such receipt

w* as aforesaid, and to dispose of b the said

according to law. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year

N. B. This may properly be executed, by fending the vagrant to the house of correction, to be farther conveyed from county to county, having been either publicly whipt, or confined for (even days at the lead*

'i\4

M1*

eeerf*.

1

c i

k$‘

No. 96. The Form of a Vagrant Pass to Ireland.

To the constable of in the said

and also to all constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to all other officers of the peace whojn it may concern, to receive and obey.

TAfH ERE AS f as in No* 94. to the word settlement], of h the said is in the kingdom of Ireland : These are therefore to require you the said constable to convey the said to the town of

in the county of that being

the first town in the next precinct through which ought to

pass in the direst way to the said kingdom of Ireland, to which is to be fenty and to deliver h to the constable or other officer of such first town in such next toge-

+ H 2 tier

t 1* ]

ther with this pafs7 and the duplicate of the examination of the feaid taking his receipt for the . And

the said is to be thjence conveyed on in like manner

until shall arrive in the county of and the

constable or other officer to whom shall be delivered in the

J'aid county of is hereby required to apply Ufeme

justice of the peace in and for the said county of for a warrant to the master of any or vessel houndfor the said kingdom of Ireland, that fehall lie in the said county f to take on board the saidship or vessel b the said and convey h toplace in the said kingdom of Ireland, as such ship or vessel be bound

unto. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 97. An Order for the Constable9 s Charges in pajfeuig a

Vagrant;

1

To the high confhble of the hundred of

JJfHE REAS a rogue and vagabond teas

by my order conveyed from the of

in this (on foot or on or in a cart, as

the case is) to the parifeh of in the county

being the nearest parish in the next county through which he or Jhe ought to p towards the place of his or her* birth, the di/lance of which is miles \ I do order

you to pay being the officer who conveyed him, ti<

sum of per mile for the said

having now produced a receipt under the band of the parifeh officer to whom he delivered the said , and a!ji

making oath that it is a true recei. Given under my herd and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

Or last legal settlement.

No. 9$,

t W 1

STo. 98. An Order to the High to pay 10*. for

apprehending a Vagabond.

To the high constable of the hundred of

i^H E S E are to authorize and within six days

after demand thereof to pay to - ten shillingSy being the reward appointed by act of parliament for apprehending a vagabond, named and bringing

before me

ye of his Majests justices of the peace in and for the said

to be dealt with according to lawfor which ')€ said will give you his , together with this

"' tier\ it having been certified to , that the said vagrant was

mfined for seven days at the lea fly and that the examination has , cen delivered to the clerk of the peace. Given under my hand a nd seal this day of in the year

' f our Lord

i

\T0. 99. A Warrant to levy 20*. on a refusing to

^ obey the Order,No. 98.

''S To all constables and other peace officers in the said H of

t>rJ" H E S Eare to authorize and on fight hereof

to levy the sum of twenty fillings by distress and Jale of 'he goods of high constable of the

^hundred of

# Ofnot other wise paid) for his refusing to pay 10*. to & granted him by my order for afpre-

: heading a vagabond in the purish of which 20*.

iu are to pay to the said Given under my

hand and Jeal the day of the

year

I

No. 100.

C ]

No. too. 4 Warrant To the constable of

nrHE S E are, in his Majesty's name,to require jss, m

fight hereof to bring of your parish ^

before me or form other of his i (

the peace in and for the paid countyto etnfwer tffuch things *

shall be objected against him by for

Hereof fail not at your periL Given under my band and fa

this day of in the year

No. roi. Form of Indo a Warrant.

j TfO R A S MU C H as proof upon oath

y before me one of his Afajeflfs justicr* d

the peace for the said of that the im

is of the hand writing of the sf tit

peace within mentioned j / do hereby authorise who bringeth to me this warranty and all other perfm fj whom the said warrant is directed to execute the feme trithn the said of Given tender my hat-

and seal this day of in year

No. J02. Asearch Warrant for Jlolen Wood. To the constable of

Iff HE REAS complaint hath been this day made on me: before me one of his Majesty'sjufiiui

the peace for the said by sf

parish of that divers quantities of und,

conftfting of

within the space of six weeks last pasty have been cut9 take

£ IxSi ]

nd carried away, off, and from his lands at

y-n the said and that he hath jujl cause to

‘ 'efpeSt, and doth suspe£ly that the said or part thereof is

oticealed in the houses or other premises belonging to of the parish of in the said

These are to require you to enter into and „. jarch the said houses and other places belonging to such houses of be said at aforesaid \ and

J? [fonfuch search you shall there find any such wood, then you ^lre to bring such person or persons in cufody the same

*r % allbefound before me, or some other of his of

. he peace for the said to be proceeded

According to law Given under my hand andfeal at 1 in the aforesaid, this

lay of in the year

rji'jtf

Mo. 103. A Warrant to levy the Penalty for stolen Wood.

a

To the constable of

°fyour

t r being brought before me one of his

^ fdajeftf s justices of the peace for this is -

fully convicted, by the oath of one witness, of cutting, taking,

and carry ing off wood belonging to of the parish

*' f and is unable togive any good account how

,___'he or Jhe came by the said wood : I do therefore hereby order,

that pay the sum of to the

jfrftor of the said wood, within days next after

notice given him hereof; and over and above the said the

sum of* for the use of the poor of the said parish.

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in theyear

if

Ten shillings.

No. 104-

[ Wv I

No. 104. A Warrant of Commitment for JleaUng Wodix.

To the constable of the house of correction in the said

and to die keeper

7JfHEREAS

in the said was duly convict.,

before me one of his Afajejifi of tb

peace in and for the said of having ad, taka

and carried away a certain quantity of the property

of the pat ish rf thereupon was ordered to pay the of |

to the said as a fatifaction for >

also the sum of for the use of the poor; vbi"

sums have not, after due notice of this my order, been ; i

da therefore hereby require you the said of

to convey the said to the If:

correction aforesaid, and to deliver to the keeper

with this warrant: And I do hereby command you the keeper to receive the said into your "fain the said house of correction^ and there to detain fsr xl

space of from the date hereof Herein

Given under my band and seal at in the said this day of

in the year

N.B. First offence, imprisonment, not exceeding a month, or a whipping. Second offence, hard labour for a month. ; Third offence, punishment as an incorrigible rogue.

No. icv

[ lxv ]

No. 105* Commitment (after a Summons) for aiding and afft/ling in carrying off Wool.

To the constable of

in the said

and to the keeper of

r«:, mO

.-^aa.

id

d la

id

(rfrJaX

. 'id #

f

7 TfHE R E A S it is proved on oath, before us his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for this

that of the parish of did

lately aid, assist,or abet everal persons in carrying off wool to be exported, contrary to law, and whereas the /aid

being summoned, and now appearing before us, cannot alledge any thing to the contrary : Theft are therefore to require you, on fight hereof, to convey the said

to the goal aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be by him kept for three years without baih Given under our hands and seals, this day of

in the year

I

FORMS

r ▼ j

Urjlood by me the said justice, it mantfefily appears to me

[or* if the party hath been firnimoned, and doth lot appear, then say], on the

did day of in the year -

aid, at aforesaid, in the county

he said E. F. was duly summoned in this behalf, to appear before me, in order to make his defence against the charge ontained in the said information, but the said E. doth ne* left to appear before me, and doth not appear, nor make any 'efence against the said charges as t Therefore I the

nd fujlice, on the said day of

n the year aforesaid, at aforesaid, in the

ounty aforesaid, do proceed to examine into the truth of the said

omplaint: And G, H. of a cr edible

ometh before me the fume justice, and upon his oath, &c.

Costs,

Awarded on conviction*

County Of ^ J A.B. one of his of the

borough of f peace in and for the

C aforesaid, in pursuance of an act made in the to wit. ' eighteenth year of his Majesty king George the Thirds intitled. An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace, on the complaint of against

for [here state the offence generally, and the

date]

wh ich said complaint was heard and determined by me on the day of Do award the following ccjls to be paid by viz, [here state the

costs J. Given under my hand andfeal this day of . in the year of our

Dogs — Stolen,

D E it remembered, that on the

tn the year of our Loid A. B, ts

convicted before us, of his Mafejlfs jujUces of the

C.

r 3

the peace for the of

(specifying the offence, and the dole and place when where the same was committed, as the case shall be.) under cur bands and feats the day and year

Excise.

Of Spirituous Liquors*

A D is convicted on his own confession (or on the cath of

Jim Um C. D.) of having fold strong waters t* the of in this c, on the day

without being duly thereto: This

is the first or secondconviction* Given under my bond e&i

fealy &c*

Of Tea — adulterated.

A. B. upon complaint of C. D. (on parchment or paper.)

it remembered) that on the day of

J3 in the year A. B. *r,

upon complaint of C, Z). convicted before mey one of tie tices of the peace for in of an aS

passed in the seventeenth year of the reign his king

George the Thirdy for [Here let forth the offence]. Gives under my hared and seal the day and year above~written. This conviction shall be certified by the justice to the next feffiocs, and shall not be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari into his Majesty's court of king's bench.

Game.

Ty E it rememberedy that on the

AJ in the year of our

in the county of A. B,

came before mey C. D. one of his of tbipteu

for the said county, residing near the place where the

wa

FORMS OF CONVICTION

BEFORE ONE OR MORE

rose JUSTICE ok JUSTICES of the PEACE, , vc OUT of SESSIONS.

Convicted of ftlling -Liquors, after being dif-

rM T) Y the words of the statute, the said conviction shall be in into this form, or to this effect:

Pp A* B, conviSfedon his r\ & (or on the oath of* — — ) before m*> C. D, one of his

justices of the peace in and for the said , of having fold ale9

D.tzP beer, or other liquoriy in the panjh of — — , in this.

on the day of after being to jell

ter til? the same. This is thefirfiysecondy or third coGiven

Which said conviction shall be certified to the'next sessions, to be filed amongst the records.

Conri&ed of felling ale, &c. without a licence, Jjjg; as specially directed by 5 G. 3, c. 46.

:.;v n E it remembered\that on this

:r/rsS> ^ day of in the year

y*j A. B, of was duly before

yjkf' mcy C, D.EJq-, on: of his Mjujiices of the peace for the

A county

Alehouse-Keeper

'ewi

qualified.

Hx under my hand andfeal this

Ltx*

day of

y

u

county of for felling ale or Beery or other a.

cijeableliquors (as the case mall be) without Being duly licences so to do, according to the statutes in such case made and

wherecy he has forfeited the sum of

this being the first, [econd^or third offence (as the case shall bej, beftdes the costs and exfences ef this ; which ccjh

exfences I the saidjujl'tce of the peace do hereby md

ajfefs at the sum of pursuant to thefietute it

such case made and provided. Given under my band end fed

the day and year above written.

Baker

Convicted of felling bread, defective in quality, weight, baking,

D E it remembered^ that on this day of

in the year of the reign of

A. B. is convicted before me, one of his Majesefs -juJUces of the peace for the said county of [here (late the offence] and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit

for the same the sum of , Given

under my hand andfeal the day and year aforesaid*

For adulterating bread with allum, &a

D E it remembered, that on this day tf

^ in the year of the

reign of . is convicted before mf>

C. D. one of his Majestys justices of the peace for the feed county, for putting into and using in the making of bread to he foldy a preparation dr mixture in which allum was an ingrt-4ient [or, as the case may be], and I do adjudge him to and forfeit for the same, the sum ofJive pounds. Given under

my hand and seal the day and year aforej'asd.

Bricks

Bricks and Tiles,

pD E it remembered^ that on the day of

j in the year of our Lord

\ B is convicted before mey C. D. one of his MajeJlfs ces of the peace for the of

[specifying the offence, and the time and place when nd where the same was committed, as the case shall be, /ithin one calendar month]. Given under my hand and \ be day and year aforesaid.

i,

D.j-i *

Conviction,

... general Form, when a special one is not directed by any act of Parliament.

DE it remembered,that on the day of

in the year of the reign of

by the grace of Gody of Great , ,

and Ireland^ King) defender of the faith> and so , at

<J-M in the county of aforesaid)

yf. B. of cometh before , C. D»

one of the justices of our said lord the , ajfgned to keep the

. ;jtf yi/W lord the king in the said county) and also to

hear and determine divers felonies) , and other -

iPmeanors in the said county committed [residing near to the place where the offence herein-after mentioned was committed; or as ^,;.^the statute requires], and giveth me the said under-

] /land and be informed) that one E, F. of : lifts the said county y yeomanyon the day of

'lib? now last pajl) at

tn

r Hr 3

in the said county did [here set forth the fad, in the words c the statute as near as may bej against form of the in such case made and provided > and span

of oresaid day of in tv

year aforesaid, at in the aforesaid, he the said E. F* after being duly in ti: behalf before me the justice aforesaid appearethy and is prefix in order to make his defence against the said charge contained the said information^ and having beard the famey be the L f

F. is asked by me the said Justicty if be can say any thing fa \

himselfy why he the said a* F. should not be tin

premises above charged upon him in form aforesaid; who pleadethy that be is not guilty of the said Neveribelefa

on the day of

in the year aforesaid, at aforesaid, ir

the county aforesaid, one credible to wit9 G. H. of

yeoman$ cand before me the

justice upon his oath on the holy gospel to him then and there k me administeredy depofethyfwearethy and on his oath afsrefai

effirmeth andfaitby that the aforesaid E, on the day of aforesaid, in the county aferful

did [here again set forth the fad, or so much thereof as is sufficient to coAvid the offender]. And thereupon the -said E. F \the day of

aforesaid, in the year aforesaid, before me the jtiflice eferefdidy by the oath of one credible witness aforesaid, according to tbt form of the statute aforesaid is convicted j for his tffenu

aforesaid hath forfeited the sum of of Umfa

money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the statute afsu said doth direct. In witness whereoI the said to tbh

present record of the conviction as aforesaid, borne set my hood anafeal at ^ aforesaid, in the county of or Jody

the day and year first above written.

If he confesses the fad, then fey- — the fail

E. F. hath nothing to say, nor can say any thing in fence touching and concerning the premises but doth if

his own accordfreely and voluntarily and

all and singular the said premises to be in manner and far as the same are charged upon him in the said : Aju

because all and singular the premises being heard and fully u&-

derjk.

I ™ ]

was commit tsdyand informed me that E. F. of

1 ~ ^ on the day of now loft pa ft, did

\ f life a guny dogynety or other engine [as the case may be],

the taking, or destruction ofgame-, and did thereby and therewith

*'-4 takey killy and destroy a hare9or other game [as the case may . . . be], here llatethe fact, without having the certificate required " - Cr by law for that purpose ; whereupon the said E. F. after being : summoned to answerthe said , appeared before me9

f ''and having heard the charge contained in the said,

- ^declared he was not guilty of the said , or [as the case

irnay be] did not appear before to the said

,£,;b v/ionsy or did negleh and refuse to make

1.1* usaid charge, but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G,

: raJd. a credible witnessor [as the case may be], acknowledged a r and voluntarily conjfted the same to be true; and it manifestly I appears to me9 that be the said E, F. is guilty of the offence r-.ai charged upon him in the said information : I do therefore xx thy convitt him of the offence a and do declare and ad-

r*, judgey that he the said E. F. hath of

nftr ] of lawful money of Great Britainyfor the offences

aforesaid, according to the form of the statutey in that caje made ^and provided Given under my hand and the

. ^ t- day of in the year

dxk

Heath, Fowl, Grouse, &c.

it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord B.

!! T* *nS appeared before me one of his Majesty's

'fpjustices of the peace for the county of and due

d .j^proof having been made upon oath by one or more credible witnef\ '"V', or witnefj'esy or by confession of the party [as the case may be], r isconvitled of [specifying the offence, with the time and place

'rSS j where the same was committed, and also specifying, if known , that it is the first, second, or any subsequent offence against this act, as the case shall be.] under my hand and

*.seal the day and year aforesaid.

'5 f Which conviction the justice shall cause to be written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions, there to be

4nlarl on/t lr Ant nmnntvft flap rpr»nr/l o A nrl tKp rlprlr fkf

'fart#

tiled and kept amongst the records.

utf B

And the clerk of the peace

[ viii J

peace shall grant copies thereof on payment of is. for copy.

Fish.

BE it remembered,that on this if

in the year of the reign If

A, B. is eonvifled before me one of his

justices of the peace for the of fir t

(here (fate the offence], and I do adjudge him to pay and fir- -feit the sum of Given under my band and

Ceal the day and year abovesaid.

Gaming,

BE it remembered, that on this day of

in the year of his Majestys nip,

A. B, is convicted before of his Adajejbfi

justices of the peace for the said county of [or, as

the case shall be] for and the feud

do adjudge him, or her, to pay and forfeit fir the same, the sum of Given under my band and fesl

the day and year aforesaid.

Gaols.

Conviction of a Person felling Liquors.

BE it remembered,that on the day of

in the year of the reign of his Majesif,

A \B. is convicted before of his Majesty's -

tices of the peace for the said by virtue of an add

parliament made in the z+tb year of the reign of his Majth king George the third, entitled. An. a to enable justices or the peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties, of [here set forth the offence, and the time when, and

place

Given under our

place where the same was committed]. hands and feah the day and year

Highways.

' I A

last

'jZlM,

I

^ar r &

r\ J.

D /> remembered,that on the day of

in the year of our Lord at

in the county . 2?. ca/Tt* before

me, C. D. Esq\ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the said county, and informed me, that E, of

on the day of now

laji pajl, at in the said did [here set forth

the fa& in the manner described by the statute.] Whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to the said

charge, appeared before me on the day of

at in the said and having heard the

charge contained in the said information, declared, that he was not guilty of the said offence : But the same being fully proved, upon the oath of a credible it

appears to me the said justice, that be the said E, F, is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said is

therefore considered and adjudged by me the said justice, that the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby him of the offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that be

the said E, F. hath forfeited thefuof of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law dir ells, according to the form of the Jla-tute in that case made and provided. Given, &c.

fa If the party doth not appear upon the summons, then,

after the words — d?eing duly summoned to answer the said f charge,insert, did not appear before me pursuant to the said

If summons > or, did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved, &r.

*i! b 2 if

[ X ]

If the party confesses the charge, then after the wordy-

contalned in the jam information, insert, acknowledged ana

luntarily confejful the same to be true, and it manifestly

to me the said jujitce^ &c.

Larceny.

7) E it rememberedthat on the

in the year of

B, teas -

fore us of the juf of the

of a misdemeanory in hawing in his pojjeJJtcn [or, in tao-ing, carrying, or conveying of] leaf coppery

metal, or folder [as the case mall be], to he jlsitn sr

unlawfully come by, and not producing the party or parties sf

whom he bought or received the fanor giving a JatisfaBm account how he came by the same, nor producing any credible witness to defofe upon oath the sale or delivery thereof [or, ef neglecting to apprehend andfecure the person who brought and offered to pawn, felly or deliver leaf irony , brays, bed-

metal, or folder, suspeSled to be Jlolen or unlawfully come by, as the case shall be J. Given under our hands and year aforesaid.

Pawning.

3D E it remembered,that on this day of

in the year of his MajesWs reign,

A. B. is convicted before of his

of the peace for the said cf

[as the case shall bej for and the said do adjudge him (or her) to pay and

forfeitfor the same, the sum of Given

under the day and year.

Servants,

vx. *r

741

Servants.

To clothiers, &c. (on parchment.)

day of

A. B. cottons of his Maj juf-

D it remembered}that on the

1 Ul ^ *« of our Lord

'ifted before me ;;;T-‘3 W/j £/" the peace in and for the

'« of having [here specify the offence, and the time and

/rrAi>lace when and where the same was committed}. Given 5 finder my hand and seal the day and year above-mentioned.

- — > To hatters, &c. (on parchment)

remembered\that on the day of

vifrtjj -n the year oj our Lord . . was

‘ "tl convicted before us of his Majesty*$

'* Xl'] justices of the peace in and for the said county of

(or as the case shall bej of [Here specify

the offence, and when and where committed.] Given under Lur i> Qur hands and seals the day and year first.

N. B. Before two justices.

----- --- False reeling (on parchment)

D E it remembered\that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is

convicted before me one of his Majestfs

justices of the peace for [specifying the offence,

and the time and place when and where committed, and also specifying that it is the first, second, or third offence against this act, as the case shall be]. under my hand

and seal\the day and yearfirst.

/S'

y

si

N. B. Before one justice

Watchmakers.

Watchmakers, &c.

D E it remembered) that on the day of'

Ml in the year of his Majestfs

A. B. was convicted before me for &j] of his Atajcjlf sjujlices of the peace the of

of fas the case shall happen

to be] ffpecifying the respednre goods,

materials, or effects] the property of . />. ef in the county of Given under my hand and fees!

[or our hands and foals] the day and year „

Slaughtering Horses.

A D is convicted before me^ C. Z>. one his Mafifiy's

'* justices of the peace for

on the oath of E. F. inspector of houses and places for jiaughtrr-

ing horses, for the parish of G. in the county of if. sf refusing to pay the sum of being the

expence of an aavertisement or advert isements [as the case

may be] inserted tn the [ Daily , or same other] public newspaper circulated in the county [as the case may be j, pursuant to the directions of the statute in that case made and provided \Given under my hand and day of

Slaughtering Horses. — No. n.

D E it remembered^ that on this day of

JlJ in the year A. B.

for slaughtering horses, is convened, upon the oaths of C.

D, and E. F. two credible witnesses, before me, G. i/. one f

his Majesty s justices of the peace fir the county of of having wilfully made, or caused to be made [as the case may be], a falseentry in the book required by the statute^ is

that case made and provided) to be kept by the A. B.

whertby

' i [ xiii ]

hereby be [Jhe, or they] has [or ] forfeited the sum ef

Given under my hand and the day and har above-written.

B

Slaughtering Horses. — o. III.

_ . N

E it rememberedthat on this day of

in the year . was -

vifled, upon the oath of two credible before me,

D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of for occasionaily lending a house [or , Hace,as the case may bt], for the purp of horses

or, as the case may be], of slaughtering cattle for other purges than for butchers 9 meat, without a licence for that purpose

. hrjl obtained, according to thein that case made and [provided. Given under my the day and year

‘ above-written.

Swearing.

(On parchment.)

D £ // remembered, that on the of

JO in the year of his reign,

A. B. was convicted before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the county, riding,

division, or liberty aforesaid; or before me mayor of the city or town of within the county of of swearing one or more oath or oaths, or of

cursing one or more profane curse or curjes. Given under uiy band andfeal the day and year aforesaid,

Within eight days of the offence*

Turnips.

[ xiv 2

Turnips. — Stealing.

n E it remembered,that on the day

D in the year of our Lord B.

is duly convicted before me, C. D. Esq\ one of M*~

]efly's justices of the peace for the county of [specifying the offence) and the time and place when and £ where the same was committed, as the case shall be} |

under my band and seal the day and year

Wood. — Stolen.

H E it remembered,that on the day of

JD in the year B. was, upsn tSr complaint of C.f. convicted before of

of the peace for in pursuance of on ad

in the sixth year [or if the prosecution is on the 9 G. 3. r. 41, then say, in the ninth year] of the reign of his Majesty Ki*r George the third, for [ & the case

shall be].

Given under hand and seal the day and year abrji-

written.

Oaths

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c.

Chief ComnuHioner of Salt Duties.

\fOUJballfwear to execute your office truly and without favour or affeftionarid from time to time true

- account make and deliver to such and persons as his Ma+

v /L~/t *L- r ‘ and shall take no fee or

rrom any other Majtly shall -

n

v pr.Jf'fl

point in that behalf. So help you.

Church-Wardens.

1 V O U shall (wear truly and to execute the office of a

churchwarden within your and according to the

w^tf your Jkilland knowledgepresentfuch things andp

your knowledge are presentab by the laws eccles

font as to

--- — jr- - — — - — — v^ » »W — -- — — w — — thit

realm. & help you God, and the contents ef this.

Clerk of the Peace.

T/017 /&</// swear,that these now by delivered,

carefully made up and examined, and that all fines, iffites, amerciaments, recognizances, and forfeitures,

which were Jet, lof, imposed, or forfeited, and in right and due courfejof law ought to be ef rented in the court of exchequer, are, to the bef of your knowledge and therein contained; and that in the same efreats are also contained and exprefed, all such fines have been paid into the

court, from which the said efreats are made, without any wilful or fraudulent discharge, omission, misnomer, or defeit whatfever.

C Con&able

L»

[ *vi ]

Constable.

y/O U flail well and truly feme our froe reign lord the king [ and the lord of this leet, if f^om in a court leet], the

office of constable, for the townflip of fir

the year ensuing, according to the best of your Jktll and knew-

ledge« Sb help you God

The Juror's oath*.

\fO U flail true inquiry and presentment make of all fitdr things as flail come before yconcerning a forcible entry

[or detainer] said to have been lately committed in the -

house of yeoman, at ‘ in this j

you flail spare no one for favour or affection, nor grieve any one for hatred or ill will,but proceed herein according to the best of your knowledge, and according to the evidence that shall be given to you. So help you God.

The oath that Pi, F. your foreman,hath taken on his part, you, and every of you, flail truly obfirve, and keep So help you God*

Surveyor's oath on passing his accounts*

T A. B. do swear,that the accounts now produced and

livered by me, as surveyor of the highways for the of for the are

to the Left of \my knowledge. So help me God,

House Duty. Assessor's oath. j

T A. B. do swear, that in the which 1 flail mot:

of the houses and houshold offices within the district or pari/ for which I am appointed an affejjbr, 1 will rate each at , true annual value, according to the best cf my judgment /kill\ and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trufl rt-posed in me, by virtue of an att of the eighteenth year of k i

frT (

i

present Majesty*, for imposing a duty on all of five

founds a year and upwards. So help me God.

you diretied, you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, witand power, and after the

laws and customs of the realm, and statutes thereof made: And ye shall not be of counsel of any quarrel hanging before you; and

that ye hold your fefjtons after the form of the statutes thereof made: And the issues, fines, and amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and allforfeitures which shall fall before ye shall cause to be entered without any concealment ( bezelling), and truly fend them to the king's exchequer. Ye shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly ye shall do your office of justice of the peace in that behalf: And that you take nothing for your office of justice of the peace to done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and cojls limited by statute.

Ana ye shall not direct, nor cause to be any warrant

(by you to be made) to the parties, but ye shall direct them to the bailiff of the said county, or other the king's officers or or other indifferent persons, to do execution thereof. So help you God.

T A. B. do swear, that I truly and bona fid such an ^ estate, in law or equity, to and for my own use and benefit, conftfling of [Specifying the nature of such

estate, whether messuage, land, rent, tythe, office, benefice, -or what else], as doth qualify me to act as a justice of the peace for the county, riding, or division of

according to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his Majesty king George the second, entitled, an act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled an act for the further qualification of

Justice of the Peace, His oath of office.

tallfwear, that as justice of the peace in the county

in all articles in the king's commission to

His oath of qualification.

C 2

justices

£ xrii J

jujhces of tbi peace \ and that tbi same (except where it coa-fists of an office, benefice, or ecclesiastical preferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and ofual names) is lying or beings or ijfning out of or

hereditaments, being within the pa er precixd of or in the several toumships, or pro*

cintls of in the county er in

thefeveralcounties of (as the case may be*}

Militia-Man's Oath.

T A. B. doJtneerefy promise and Jwear, that 1 will he faith-: M an^ b*ar *rue allegiance to his Majesty king George *, end / do Jiveary that 1 am a Protestant and that I mil forth- fully serve in the militidy within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time of five years for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

Substitute's Oath.

T A. P. do sincerely promise and Jweary that I will be July and, bear true allegiance to his Majesty king j

and I do swear, t)>at 1 am a Protestant, and that I will faith-

fully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, fir the defence of the same, during the time of five j or fif

fuchfurther time as the militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of five years, his Majesty shall order and the

militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall bt sooner dif barged* '

Post Office.

Pofttmfter's Oath.

T A. B. do fiveary that I will not wittingly, , or

knowingly open, detainy or delay, or eause, procure, or suffer to be opened, detained, or delayed, any letter or Utterly

a| [ XIX.]

I 'cket or packets, which flail conn into my hands, power, or

'd&stody, by reason of my employment in or relating to the poji-office, except by the consent of the person or persons to whom the zi vne is or shall be directed,or by an express warrant in

wider the hand of one of the principal for that

r.nrpose; or except in J'uch cafeswhere the party or parties to

hom such letter or letters, packet or packets, shall be directed,

iwho is or are chargeable with the payment of the port or ports ereof flail refuse or neglect to pay t he and except such

iters or packets, as shall be returned for ^vant of true *.'vns, or when the party or parties to whom the same is or flail directed, cannot be found; and that I will not any way u 3f zsUo any such letter or letters,packet or packets, as

,;3 i

V

On delivering his Accounts*

V A. B. do swear (or affirm, as the case may require), that the several weekly accounts, now by me delivered, of the

lutiesarifing upon horses, which I have let. for the purpose of

': ^ ravellingpojl, or other wise,from the day of

to the day of as far as

:U.he same have been entered and kept by me, are fair, just, and *' Urue accounts; and that I have charged therein the duty for the *rue number of miles, received for the use of his Majesty,from the travellers who have hired horses from me; and that I have inserted therein an account of all the day tickets, notes, and certificates issued by me; and as far as such accounts have been entered and kept by any other person or persons, 1 verily believe the same to be true. So help me

Returning Officer's Oath.

I A.B. do solemnly swear, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any sum or sums of money, office, place, or employment, gratuity, or reward, or any bond, bill, or or any 1 promise of gratuity whatsoever, or any other

/person to my ife or benefit or advantage, for making any return it at

[ ]

at the presenteleQion of members to feroe in j

that I wiu return such person or as

my judgment^ appear to me to have the

Riot, Rout, &c.‘ — Juror's Oath.

VO U shall true inquiry and preferment make of ell

things as shall come before , concerning a riot) unlawful ujftmbly said to haw been lately committed at in this county » you shall/pare no assession, nor grieve any one for hatred or ill willy but proceed herein according to the be/l of your knowledge, and according to the evidence that shall be given to So help you God,

The oath which your foreman bath taken on his party jws, and every of you, shall well and truly observe and keep on per parts. So help you God.

Servants.

Assessor's Oath.

/A. B, do Jiuear [or affirm^as the case may require],

in the assessment which I am required to make by

of an all made in the twenty-fifth year of king to repeal duties on male servants; and for charging new duties upon male and female servants, will all according the bef of my skill and knowledge. So help me God,

Sheriff's Officer's Oath before two Justices.

T A. B. will not use orexerctfe the office of bailiff corrupt <

dut ing the time that 1 shall remain there, will accept, receive, or take,by any colour, means, or devic whatsoever, or consent to the taking of any maimer of fee or reward of any person or persons for the impanelling, or h: of any inqutji,jury,or tales, in any court of record, for the fe,

or betwixt party and party,above 2s, or the value thereof y r

[ «d ]

such fees as are allowed and appointed for the same by the

and statutes of this realm; but willy according to my truly and indifferently with convenient speedy impannell all jurors, and return all such writ or writs touching the famey as shall appertain to be done by my duty or , during the time that 1 shall remain in the said office,So help me.

Transferring Act.

Commissioner's Oath.

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of king George the third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of (lamps respectively, to the commit sioners for the affairs of taxes, and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred; and will determine^ without favour or affi£fion> upon all appeals which shall be brought before mey under the said according to the best of myfkill and knowledge. So help me

Assessor's Oath.

T A. B. do swear [or affirm, as the case may J, that in making the assessment, whichy by authority of an ably made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of king George the thirdy for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of (lamps respectively, to the of for the affairs of taxes, I will charge all persons according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me

Wool-Searchers Oath.

I

I do swear, that I will faithfully, and

execute and perform the trust in me as a bj

virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his Majesty king George the third, far rendering more effectual the provisions in the tbtritenib (

year of king George the first, for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

FINIS.

