THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANT;

OR, A

SUMMARY OF THOSE LAWS

WHICH IMMEDIATELY RESPECT

THE CONDUCT

OF

A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE:

TO WHICH ARE ADDED,

FORMS OF WARRANTS, SUMMONSES,

AND

RECOGNIZANCES;

FORMS OF CONVICTION, AND OATHS OF OFFICE.

WITH APPENDIXES,

Containing the ACTS of the 39th and 40th of Geo. III.

THE FOURTH EDITION

PART I.

BY A COUNTRY MAGISTRATE.

---

Legum Miniftri, Magifiratus ; Legum Interpreter, Justices. Cic.

LONDON:

Printed by W. and C. Spilfbury, Snowhill;

AND SOLD BY RIVINGTONS, ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD J J. BIRD, AVE-MARIA LANE \ AND H. GARDNER, STRAND.

\ L W

T O

EDWARD MONTAGU, Esq^

MASTER IN CHANCERY,

AND ONE OF

HIS MAJESTY'S JUSTICES OF THE PEACE FOR THE COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX, &c. &c.

Dear Sir,

THE last Edition of this Work was honoured with the very respectable name of your Noble Relation, his Grace the late Duke of Montagu, whole character, it is needless to observe, was universally respected ; and whose departure was more particularly felt and regretted by those who had moll frequent opportunities of access, and consequently were best acquainted with his Grace's many amiable virtues: It was not lead sensibly felt arid regretted by that Society, over which he presided, with equal dignity and condescension: A Society, whole objecff, as you well know, Sir, is to give energy to endeavours of the Magistrate, for the supp'refbon. of Vice and Immorality. The efforts of this Society were encouraged in its infancy, and the attendance of its Members was rendered most agreeable, by the politeness of its President, and the affability with which they were uniformly received.

The loss of its fird illudrious President was in due time supplied by another Nobleman of distinguished character, whose integrity, in the highest department

a 2 Earl Rathurst

[ iv ]

ment of the Law, and of the British Senate, is too 1 well known, to need the testimony of any individual, :: muchlefs such a feeble fuflfrage as the present. His 1 Lordship's declining health unhappily deprived the ' SocrETY too soon of the honour and satisfaction of *1 his Valuable superintendence; which additional stroke -would have been more severely felt, if the same con- ki descension, and the same friendly assistance, were not -confidently expected from the R ight Rev. f Prelate, who now fills the President's Chair.

You, Sir, who have so kindly afforded your va- a luable support to the measures of this Society, when a your other manifold engagements would admit of your attendance, will rejoice to find, that its efforts -have not been ineffectual: But that, on the contrary, its exertions have been productive of much import- ant benefit to the Community. To these we may impute, under the sanction of several recent acts of Parliament, the establishment of a purer Magistracy. in the Metropolis and its vicinity: To these we may' ascribe a very considerable diminution of vexatious litigations j an almost entire suppression of idle and ".disorderiy ivjgrancy, and a far better regulation of : '* public'hqtrfes:

‘ these benefits, you, Sir, mull have been a wit-

. ijefs^ ^pt only in your attendance on our Sessions-;, .Coisrfyixut.'also in your private administration of justice within your populous district, in which you are well known to be diligently employed in reconciling differences; in informing the ignorant j in restraining the vicious j and in promoting the cause of Virtue anc Morality, to the utmost extent of your influence and authority.

The following (it is hoped, improved) Edition of this Work would not have solicited the honourable

f Bishop of London.

[ V ]

patronage of your name, if the Editor had not been, well aware, that candour is generally found to go hand in hand with superior information. The feve-rities of criticism are chiefly to be apprehended from those whose knowledge is superficial, and their di.fpo-fition envious : The Editor has nothing to fear from one, who will be as ready to make allowances for the imperfections in this Publication, as he is able to discover them.

May your health. Sir, and your ability to do good, in a variety of situations, long continue: And may your upright discharge of the duties of a Magistrate for many succeeding years, afford one, amidst a mul -titude of other testimonies, that the Magistracy of the county of Middlesex is, at leaf!, as disinterested and respectable as any other Commission of the Peace in the Kingdom.

I have the honour to be.

With the sincerest respect. Dear Sir,

Your moll obedient and faithful

humble servant and fellow-labourer.

The EDITOR

TO THE

READER.

THE high Estimation in which Dr. Burns Work, entitled, The Justice of the Peace and Parish Officer, has long been

holden, encourages the Editor of the to hope,

that another JlfuBure raised, with a similar on so solid a foundation, though to a much less elevated height, will not be deemed unworthy of the public notice. It claims very little merit, but what is derived from a new arrangement of that useful "information, for which this country is so much indebted to the labours of the eminent Compiler already mentioned.

Its merit, if it has any, chiefly consists in pointing out more immediately to the eye of the Magistrate, who may be supposed to have many other engagements on his hands, that line of conduit, which, in almof every emergency, it is his duty to pursue. The authorities, as well from the common, as the fatute law, are indeed less numerous than in many other books of this kind ; yet it is hoped, that they

arc

i

[ viii ]

are sufficiently copious for direction how to proceed in every ordinary case which may occur. The lutes, as to every thing material, are faithfully recited : And though same technical not of the essence of the law,may, for brevity's fake, be omitted, the Editor flatters himself, that what remains will be abundantly sufficient to guard the son who consults them from any error in his decifon. Adjudged cases, for the confirmation of his judgment, may be found at large in many very judicious lections of this fort: The work of Lord Dudley and Ward, and T. Cunningham, Esq; entitled, " The Law of a Justice of the Peace and Parish Officer, &c." is a most valuable c of information on

this subject. And the Magistrate will find it prudent to have such useful books of reference as that compilation, and also Dr. Burn's Just ice of the Peace, always at his hand. But with all these at his command, he nevertheless fiands in need of some more obvious direction, when he is wishing to dif-patch the business which presents itfelfi with expedition, safety, and satisfaction to himself and others.

It is well known, that several compilations of a fmilar nature with this have been heretofore offered to the public, under a great variety of titles and descriptions: And there is no doubty that the Magistrate has derived no inconfidtrable advantage from the

lights communicated to him by such publications And — valeant quantum valere poffint — is our sincere dejire: We by no means wish to raise the reputation of the following work, by depreciating the merits of any other. The reader is left at full liberty (and this liberty he certainly would take, whether we indulged him with it or not) to call to his assistance those produBions, which he thinks likely to direct, secure, and satisfy him in the discharge of his duty.

In the mean time, when a matter of doubt and difficulty is before him (and such he must expeti will sometimes occur) he will be happy to avail himself of that liberal sentiment of one of the mofl illufrious ornaments of this or any other nation : " Where the Magistrate appears to have been misguided by an erroneous judgment, without any purpose of doing ill, GOD forbid (fays this venerable Personage*) that the courts of law should not give him credit for the purity of his intention, and put the mofl favourable conflruHion on his condutt, that the case can possibly admit ofr

This is, in fubfance, the declaration, which, com-ingfrom such respectable authority, has doubtless encouraged many to engage in the useful employment of a

b Justice

The late Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench.

t X ]

Justice of the Peace, who would have been very cautious of expofng themselves to the

greeable consequence of a faux pas in interpreting

the laws. The indulgence here given, emboldens those who are disposed to aB, under the dire Elions of an honest intention, and a plain under funding, freely

to exercise their best judgment; no longer

five, that the want of form, or the of some

legal punBilio, may bring them within the reach of the censures of a superior court.

It is not, however, inf mated, that indifference or wilful negligence is at any fate excuseable in interpreting or enforcing a plain andpofitive the contrary, frequent occafons will offer,

wherein it is impossible to be too minutely precise; cause, in such cases, every advantage will afju/redly be taken of any want of accuracy, or of the smallest inattention to the letter of the law. As a proof of this, and to convince the Magistrate of the necessty of extreme carefulness in his duty, it may not be amiss to observe, that Dr. Burn enumerates not less than twenty instances, in which an Order of Removal has been, or is liable to be, quaffed, on account of some apparently infgnifi cant error in the mere matter of form. All, therefore, which is intended by the encouragement holdenforth, as above, is to remove from the mind of a well-meaning, but timorous Magistrate,

[ xi ]

( J

gifirate, the apprehension more, perhaps,

than censure, for an involuntary error in his dvM ; but no licence is hereby given him to trifle with the obvious directions of a statute, or to adopt a latitude of interpretation, which is neither safe nor warrantable*

It was certainly an instance of equal candour and wisdom to encourage, as much as possible, those fons to flep forward, who, though their rank and situation in life, as well as their liberal education, marked them as mofl proper for this office, had yet been found too generally averse from engaging in it* We will not allow ourselves to impute this ness to a mere love of dissipation, or a mere to business. We are willing to think, that there are veryfew individuals of the above description, in point of rank, fortune, and education, who would not feel great satisfaction in finding themselves materially serviceable to their country, in the discharge of an office so important to the suppression of vice, and to the advancement and security of the public welfare : We have seen, and now fee them, cheerfully foregoing the comforts of domefiic life, and readily withdrawing their attention from their private concerns, in order to devote their time, andfome their fortune and their health, to the arduous duties of a military life: Whence is it then that so few have been found

t xii ]

equally ready to dedicate some portion of their hours to the preservation of public and to the

maintenance of good order and decency among their neighbours ? It could only have arifenfrom the hension of some more than ordinary objlacles and impediments : They must surely have been deterred by the consideration,that, in order to attain to a competent knowledge of the duties of a a,

thorny path was tobepurfued; where no small share of difficulties would meet them by the way; and after all their labour, no inconsiderable danger of carrying would be incurredeven under the best in-

formation, which, 'till of late years, they were able to procure.

It has been our happier tot, to find these objeBionS in a great measure removed: We have seen whdt light has been thrown on the fiudy of the municipal and statute laws, by the ingenious, elegant, and learned Commentaries of that writer.

Sir William Blackstone : And we have good reason to hope, that the chair of Magijlracy will in f uture more easily be filled by perfims of consequence and respectability, well qualified for this useful department in society ; when we reflect, that the fiudy of the common law makes at this time a very considerallepart of academical education.

[ xiii 3

But if no such advantages as theft the

excellent work of Dr. Burn would alone be to remove the principal discouragement, which -merly deterred such, as were not inured to the habits of

close enquiry, and toilsome researches. Since that work has been so universally received, andfojufily admired and approved, the Justice of the Peace has been at a loss for necessary information in almost every

common case: And perhaps the only apology which can be offered for hazarding the following attempt, when a work, so deservedly esteemed, is in almost every , is this: That the four volumes of Dr. Burn, (though no Magistrate ought to be without them, as books of reference) comprise much more, than it is necessary for a Justice of the Peace to inveffgale, in the ordinary duties of his office: From these,

doubtedly,much satisfactory information may be derived on subjects of no inconsiderable importance, though not immediately conne with the duties of a Magistrate.

If the following compendium shall be found in any degree to facilitate the administration by more

obviously exhibiting all that is written in the law on every ordinary subjeB, the Editor flatters himself, he shall have rendered no inconsiderable service to his brethren in the commission; and will think his labours amply recompensed by their favourable acceptance of his befi endeavours,

ADVERTISEMENT.

L xv ]

=s=s

ADVERTISEMENT.

TT may Teem an unnecessary trespass on the

Public, to offer to their notice this Third Edition of The Magistrate's Assistant; especially when another source has been recently opened upon the same subject, with such a body of information (as appears from the title of it) as must henceforth leave the erring Magistrate altogether without excuse.

The long and well-deserved reputation of Burn's Justice of the Peace, &c. has not, it seems, discouraged another able compiler from coming forward with a Work of equal magnitude, under the title of The Whole Law relative to the Duty and Office of a fujlice of the Peace, &c.; but neither the labours of this learned Editor, Mr. Williams, nor those of his pre-decessor, have induced us to alter our opinion, as delivered on the first appearance of this Work: Its utility as a Manual, or Book of immediate Reference, is still the same : It does not pretend to supersede the necefiity of occasional application to more voluminous publications j but it professes to conduct the upright and well-deligning Magistrate, by a short

and

[ xvi ]

and easy way, and with as little trouble, and as little waste of time as may be, to the point, at which he wilhes to arrive, viz. the Elucidation of the Truth, the Vindication of the Oppressed, the Restraint of the Disobedient, and a due Administration of Justice towards all.

If this point is secured in the following Work, its end will be sufficiently answered in all ordinary cases : And where Magistrates have curiosity to investigate, and leisure to pur-sue their enquiries farther, they will never want the means of useful and entertaining research, so long as the above-mentioned compilations, and all'o the.very judicious Publication, by Mr. Const, from the papers of Mr. Bott, on the Poor Laws, are within V, HO- Ir^rSlS.

1

their reach.

Accessary.

Accessary.

Accessary is one that is concerned in the felony by commandment, aid, or receipt.

In high treason, there are no accessaries* either before or after; for all are principals. — In cases that are criminal, but not capital, such as petty larceny, trespass, &c. there are no accelfaries. — But as to felonies by act of parliament, those that counsel or command the offence, are accessaries before; and those that knowingly receive the offender, are accessaries after.

The buyer or receiver of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass; bell.metal, or folder, # knowing them to be stolen, may be convicted, although the principal hath not been convicted; and shall be transported for fourteen years.

Every person, who shall buy or receive any stolen jewel or jewels, or any stolen gold or silver plate, watch or watches, knowing the same to have been stolen, accompanied with a burglary actually committed in stealing the same, or to have been feloniously taken by a robbery on the highway, shall be triable, as well before conviction of the principal felon, whether he be in or out of custody, as after his conviction : and if such person, so buying or receiving, shall be convicted thereof, he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for 14 years.

Accessary defer i bed,

1 Hales' Hifi. 613. None in high treason,&c.

Who before the fact, who after.

29 G. 2. c. 3©. Buyers or receivers accefla-ries.

10 G. 3. c. 48. Receivers of fto-len goods accessaries.

how punished.

Additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

« 1 . /

BY this act, from April 5, 1791, an additional duty of io*3T 3- % per Cent. upon the gross amount, shall be raised on all °n what aTt(r* assessments made after that day under any act now in force, by raent* ra‘ea* the Commissioners for taxes; and also upon the said assessments for the half year, ending April 5, 1791.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed Exceptions, to extend, to the land tax; or to the duties on inhabited houses, granted by 24 G. 3. c, 38. New duties are to be paid in addition to the duties on houses, &c. by 6 G. 3, c.

38 ; on inhabited houses, by 19 G. 3, c. 5-9; oh waggons,

&c. by 23 G. 3, r. 66; On horses, by 24 G. 3, c. $r, and 29 G* 3, c. 49; on servants, by 25 G. 3, c. 43; and on

When so conferred, Sec Stolen Good*,

B coaches

I Go

Additional Duties on Taxes

coaches, &c. by 25 G. 3, c. 47, and 29 G. 3, c, 49. The Commissioners, for putting in execution the several acts before mentioned, on the amount of which the said additional rates Same Commis- or duties are hereby imposed, shall be Commissioners for exe-fionera. See. cuting the present atCt; and the several Receivers-General appointed, or who shall be appointed, to receive the said former rates and duties, by virtue of the said former acts, shall, without any new commission, or any further security, be Receivers General of the said'additional rates or duties; and the several iurveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors respectively appointed, or to be appointed, to put in execution the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act.

When to be paid. From April 5, 1791, the additional duty is to be paid quarterly ; the first payment to be on July 5, 1791 ; — and the assessors are required to ascertain the amount thereof, and certify the same to the Commissioners at their respective meetings. See.

The additional rates or duties shall be managed, collected, paid, recovered, and accounted for, under such penalties, &c. Penalties as be- as the former rates and duties, upon the amount of which any of forc» the said additional rates or duties may be chargeable by virtue

of this act, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions are expressly varied by this act; and all things, contained in any act or acts of Parliament relative to the said former rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided, for the computing, surcharging, recovering,paying and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional rates or duties by this act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this act, shall be in full force, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, as if the same or the like powers, and authorities, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act. Where paid, and These duties are to be paid into the Exchequer, on or be-how applied. fore April 5, 1792, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund;

*and the duties afterwards to be applied in payment of 1,833,0001. to be raised by Exchequer bills. And on payment of the said 1,833,0001.and interest, the additional duties to cease. Such persons as shall be nominated to be collectors of the said former rates and duties shall, if required so to do, give good and Security to be Sufficient security to any three or more of the Commissioners for for* yc°lc<" carrying this act into execution, equal to the amount of the whole rate to be collected in each district, for their duly paying to the Receiver-General such monies as shall come to their hands; and on failure of the persons so named to be collectors giving such security, if required, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be at liberty to appoint any other two or more suficient persons, who can give such security, residing within the limits and bounds of the parishes*

[ x ]

Affray.

townships, &c. to be collectors of the said former rates and duties.

If no persons can be found within the several parishes, See. who are willing or able to give such security, the persons who were first named by the Commissioners shall be collectors of the said former rates and duties.

Affray.

AN affray is a public offence to the terror of the king's sub- Affray described.

jetts; so called, because it affrighteth and maketh men afraid.

From whence it seems clearly to follow, that there may be an assault, which will not amount to an affray.

Any one who fees others lighting, may lawfully part them, and also Itay them till the heat be over, and then deliver them to the constables to be carried before a justice, to find sureties for the peace.

A constable is bound at his peril to use his bell: endeavours to part an affray; and to demand the assistance of others, which if they refuse to give him, they are punishable with fine and imprisonment. — And he may either carry the offender before a justice, to find sureties for the peace, or he may imprison him of his own authority for a reasonable time, till the heat be over, and also afterwards detain him till he find such surety by obligation. — But a constable hath no power to arrest a man for an affray done out of his own view, without a warrant from a justice, unless a felony was done, or likely to be done; for it is the proper business of a constable to preserve the peace, and not to punish the breach of it.

A justice of the peace cannot without a warrant authorize the arrest of any person for an affray out of his own view ; yet he may make out his warrant to bring the offender before him, in order to compel him to find sureties for the peace.

All affrays in general are punishable by fine and imprisonment.

Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable

Liquors.

BY this act, an additional duty of 10s. 6d. is to be paid frjm

for every licence for retailing beer, ale. Scc. over and c. 33. Audiei-above all other duties chargeable thereon.

The new duty to be under the government^are, and management of the of of the stamp duties, management is

B 2 Ale- invested.

Different from assault.

1 Haw. 236. Affrayers how dealt with.

I Haw. 137. Constable bound to part them, and carry them before a Justice.

Constable's authority limited.

1 Haw. 137.

Affrays how punishable.

1 Haw. 13 s#

onal duty on retailers.

JJ. In whom the

4

Alehouses,

Alehouses.

3Vh«n deemed an inn.

Subject to Justices' enquiry.

5 G. 3. c, 46.

licence, g G. 3. c. 6.

IF an alehouse lodges and entertains travellers, it is also an inn.

Two justices (1 ^.) may esquire of innholders, and of all and singular other persons, who shall offend in the abuse of weight and measures, or in the sale of victuals.

Every person lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer, or Penalty for fel- other exciseable liquors, by retail, without licence (except ling ale without fairs, and except retailers of spirituous liquors without licence, for whom other penalties are provided by law) shall forfeit for the first offence 40s. and also the costs and expences of conviction 5 if not paid within 14 days after conviction, the offender to be imprisoned for one month, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty and the costs; for the second offence 4I. and also the colts and expences of conviction; if not paid within one week, to be imprisoned two months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty, and the costs; for the third offence 61. and also the costs and expences of conviction; if not paid within three days, to be imprisoned for three months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty and the costs; and the like penalty for every other offence after the third, as for the third offence. All which costs and expences shall be ascertained by the justice before whom the offender shall be convicted. One moiety of all which penalties and forfeitures shall be to the king ; and the other moiety, and all such costs, charges, and expences, to the prosecutor. — The same to be One Justice to heard and determined by one justice : who shall f summon the party accused, and the witnesses; and shall proceed to hear the matter, and examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment; and if he convict the party accused, and such party shall refuse to pay the penalty, with the costs, he shall issue his warrant for apprehending and committing to prison every such offender, for such time, and in such manner, as the nature of the offence shall require.

Where a justice shall suspect that any person fells without licence, he may call such person before him, and also any ex-excise cifjb-officer to produce his stock-book; and may examine such officer on oath in what manner he charges such person, and how such person pays the duties; and if it shall appear, that Persons charged such person is surveyed as a victualler or retailer, and is charged with excise-du- with the same duties that victuallers and retailers are charged

ties deemed ale- with, he shall be deemed an aleho.u(e-keeper, victualler, re-house-keepers.

only of such

Penalties how disposed of.

determine.

26 G. 2, Justices examine officers.

'31-

may

# As to towns, and places where fairs are kept, for the time fain, See 5 and 6 Ed, 6, c, 25, § 6. and 3 Car, c, 4, § 6.

J- See Appendix, No. 78.

tailer.

[ Alehouses,

i uilcr, or feller thereof, as if the same had been proved. t>y two

I witnesses.

Any witness neglecting or refusing to appear upon summons I at the time and place appointed, without a reasonable excuse to be allowed by such justice, or appearing and refusing to be ex-8 aminedon oath and give evidence, shall forfeit 20s.

And if any person shall thinkhimself aggrieved by the conviction of such justice, he may appeal to the next quarter feff dons; unless they are held within six days; in which case he may appeal to the following sessions, after giving security to r the satisfaction of the justice, for the payment of the penalty, f cods, andexpences of such conviction.

t If any person shall fell or deliver any beer or ale, to any per-j ion that shall then fell beer or ale as a common tipler or ale- housekeeper, (except it be for the use of his houshold only) the same person not having licence to fell ale or beer ; he shall j forfeit for every barrel 6s. 8d. and so proportionally for other 1 ! quantities; half to the poor, and half to him that shallfue in j sessions, by attion of debt, information, indictment, or pre-; } fentment.

No licence shall be granted to any person to keep a common inn or alehouse, but at a general meeting of the justices acting f in the division where the said person dwells, to be holden for that purpose, on the first day of September yearly, or within twenty days after, and not at any other time. — This shall not I alter the power or the time of granting licences, in cities and towns corporate.

The day and place for granting licences shall be appointed by two or more justices for the division, by warrant under their hands and leals, at lead ten days before such meeting, directed to the high constables, requiring them to order their petty conlhbles, or other peace officers, to give notice to the several innkeepers and alehousekeepers within their respective confta-blewicks, of the day and place of such meeting. And all Ji-j fences granted at any other time and place shall be void. — And no licence shall be granted to any person not licensed the year preceding (except in cities or towns corporate) unless he produce a certificate under the hands of the minister and the major fart of the churchwardens and overseers, or else of three or four reputable and substantial housholders of the place, setting forth that such person is of good same and of sober life and conversation ; and it shall be mentioned in such licence that such certificate was produced, otherwise the licence shall be j void.

A mandamus will not lie to compel the justices to license any person.

N.B. The intrusion, therefore, of magistrates ailing in another division, to grant licences to persons judged by their own magistrates improper to be licensed, appears to be not only extremely indecent, but also absolutely illegal; sod every licence so obtained, is null and void.

No

5

5 G, 3. r. 46. Witness not appearing.

Id, Persons aggrieved.

4 ? c* 4. Penalty for delivering beer to an unlicensed publican.

2 G. 2. c. 18. 26 G. 2. c, 31. Licence when granted.

Exceptions as to cities, &c.

6 G. 2. c 31.

1

Ten days notice of the licensing day.

Certificate how signed.

Strange 8 81. Justices not compellable.

Alehouses.

' jsr

26 6. 2. r. 13. What Justices disqualified to grant Licences*

Publicans' furo-ties.

5 ef 6 Ed. 6. c. 25.

2 G. 2* c, 28.

Daft. c. 76, Cautions to Justices.

26 C. 2. *r. 31. Recognizance whither Sent.

Penalty for licensing without recognizance.

5 &' 6 £</. 6. c.

*5*

power of enquiry concerning publicans.

No justice of the peace, being a common brewer of ale or beer, innkeeper, or distiller, or a feller of or dealer in ale or spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades, or being a victualler or maltster, shall be capable , or have any power to grant licences for felling ale or beer or any other liquors, but the same shall be void.

The person licensed shall enter into a recognizance in iol. with two sureties in 5I. each, or one surety in iol. as well against theufing of unlawful games, as also for the using and maintenance of good order and rule, to be had and used within the same. If the person to be licensed does not appear, being necessarily hindered, two sureties must be bound for him or her in iol. each.

These three things are especially recommended to the juf tices'care: 1. That no alehousekeeper, upon the Lord's day, should receive, or suffer to remain, any persons whatsoever, as their guclls, in any of their houses or other places, to tipple, eat or drink; other than travellers, and such as come upon necessary business. 2. That they suffer no person whatsoever, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain there after the hour of nine in the evening in winter, and ten in summer. 3. That they suffer no person, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain tippling there above one hour, other than travellers.

The recognizance, with the condition thereof, fairly written or printed, shall forthwith, or, at the next sections at farthest, be sent or returned to the clerk of the peace, under the hands of the justices, to be by him entered or filed among the records. And for every licence granted, without taking such recognizance, and for every such recognizance taken, and not sent or returned, every justice signing such licence, shall forfeit 3I. 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue, together with colts. — The clerk of the peace shall keep a register or calendar of all such recognizances, and shall deliver to the justices, at the meeting for granting licences, a true copy of such register or calendar. — And for every recognizance shall be paid by the clerks of the justices taking such recognizance*, to the clerk of the peace, for filing or recording the same, &c. is. which shall be paid to the clerks of the said justices, by the persons licensed, over and above the fees payable to the said justices' clerks.

The justices shall have power, in their quarter-sessions, to enquire of all such persons as shall be admitted and allowed to keep any alehouse or tiplinghouse, and that be so bound by recognizance, if they have done any act whereby they have forfeited the same recognizance, and they shall, upon such preferment or information, award process against every such person so presented or complained of before them, to shew why he should not forfeit his recognizance; and shall have power to hear and determine the same, by all such ways and means, as by their discretion shall be thought good.

Any

Alehouses.

7

# Any justice, on complaint or information that such Licensed 26G. z. c. 31.

person hath committed any ad, whereby in the judgment of Justice m*y

x such justice the recognizance may be forfeited, may, by sum- summon [ em' ij mons underhand and seal, require such person to appear at the b. general or quarter sessions, then and there to answer to the

matter of such complaint and information ; and also may bind ^the^ef* l| the complainant, or any other person, in recognizance, toap-f pear and give evidence; and the sessions may direct the jury, k which shall there attend for the trial of traverses, or some other it jury of twelve honest and substantial men, to be then and there it impannelled by the sheriff without fee, to enquire thereof; k and if the jury find that such person hath done any ad, whereby , the recognizance is broken, such ad being specified in such if complaint or information, the court may adjudge him guilty ; Judgment final* i which verdict and adjudication shall be final; and thereupon

the court shall order the recognizance to be estreated into the Recognizance

kj exchequer, to be levied to his majesty's use; and the said per- Seated.

a son shall be disabled to fell any ale. &c. for three years. Pro- puy;can difa-

vided, that the justices, at the request of the prosecutor, or bled for 3 years, .< of the party complained of, or either of his sureties, may ad-j, journ the trial to the then next sessions. — And if any person r shall be disabled, by conviction, to fell ale, beer, or cyder, or

f perry, he shall, by the same conviction, be disabled to fell any an(j t]f0 from

spirituous liquors, any licence before obtained for that pur- selling spirits.

( pose notwithstanding ; which said conviction shall be certified

; to the next sessions, to be filed among the records.

From and after July 31, 1792, if any person duly Licensed 32 G. 3. c. 59. jjj to keep an alehouse, inn, victualling-house, or to fell ale, f beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, shall happen to die 0a dea.tfa £ before the expiration of such licence, or if any person so li-{: censed, or the executors, administrators, or assigns of any.per- *con e per

*jj son dying so Licensed, shall remove from or yield up the pof-lf session of such house in which such ale, beer, or other liquors t shall by virtue of such licence be fold, and shall assign such licence ; or in case any such house shall become empty or unoc-Jl cupied, the late occupier whereof was duly Licensed at the laH general licensing day in September, previous to the time such house became empty or unoccupied, in every such case (except as herein is otherwise provided) two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the county, riding, division, or place, at a Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the same division in which such house shall be situate, may grant a licence duly stamped, to the executors, administrators, or assigns of the L;cence to

person so dying, who shall be possessed of such house, or to any cutors, Scz. new tenant or occupier, upop such removal, or upon the house

"c becoming empty or unoccupied as aforesaid,to open or continue open such house as an alehouse or victualling-house, and to fell ale, beer, and other liquors aforesaid there till the next general licensing day : Or, the said Justices, in their discretion may allow such executors or administrators, or other persons aforesaid

YORK

8

Alehouses.

Certificate within 30 days.

Recognizances with sureties

to be returned.

Petty sessions for aligning licences.

Licensed person in Middlesex and Surrey dying or removing.

Licence granted at special meeting j

said, possessed ofany^such licence, to continue o^en/uch hoofc for the purpose aforesaid, lender and by virtue of such licence, until the expiration thereof f'every fych, executor, administrator, oraflign, and every such ten an for occupier, obtaining, within thirty days after such death or removal, or after his or her entering upon the possession of such house, and producing to the said Justices, such certificate, and entering personally into such recognizance, with such sureties as are directed by the 26 G. 2. c. 31 ; in respect to persons to whom licences are to be granted by virtue of the said act; which said certificate and recognizance, with the condition thereof fairly written or printed, and attested by the Justices granting or allowing such licence, shall forthwith, or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace at farthest after granting such licences, be sent or returned to the Clerks of the Peace, to be by them, or other persons acting as such, duly entered or filed amongst the records of the Sessions of the Peace.

In Middlesex and Surrey, the Justices at the General Licenling Meetings, are required to appoint not less than fix nor more than eight special days of meeting at different equal periods, as near as maybe, in each year next ensuing such general li-cenfing-meetings; on which days it shall and may be lawful for two or more Justices acting in and for the said divisions, to meet and to grant or continue licences in the cases and in the manner and for the time herein before-mentioned; and the Justices assembled at the said general licensing-meetings are hereby directed and required to cause due notice to be given of the times and places at which such special meetings shall respectively be holden.

If any person so licensed as aforesaid, within the said counties of Middlesex and Surrey, or the executors, administrators, or assigns of any persons dying so licensed, shall remove from such house, or yield up the possession thereof in manner aforesaid, or if any such house, within the respective counties aforesaid, shall be or become empty or unoccupied, in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case, before such licence shall be continued, or a new licence granted to open or continue open any such house as an alehouse, inn, or victualling-house, the person or persons so succeeding as the occupier or occupiers thereof shall appear at the next special meeting to be holden for the division wherein such house shall be situated ; and the Justices assembled at such special meeting shall and may (upon such certificate being produced to them, and such recognizance being entered into as is herein before-mentioned) grant a licence to such new tenant or occupier, or in their discretion allow a continuance of any licence before granted, in manner aforesaid, to open or continue open such house as an alehouse, inn, or victualling-house, and to fell ale, beer, and other exciseable liquors there until the next general licensing day ; any thing in the act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

But

Alehouses. 9

But nothing in this act contained shall extend, to impower But^iot to any any Justices of the Peace at any Petty Sessions to grant a new licence to any house, the occupier whereof was not duly licensed iicen^negC* at the general licensing day next before such Petty Sessions. day.

Nothing herein contained shall extend, to alter the time of granting licences.for keeping of common inns or alehouses, or Not in ^ force to oblige persons not licensed the year preceding, to produce *n the c,t> ^ certificates in the city of London. on on*

Every person entering into the possession of any licensed ale- Penalties on of-house, inn, &c. who shall fell any ale, beer, or other excise- fender against able liquors, unless authorized and impowered so to do by the *

Justices at the Petty Sessions next ensuing after the expiration of such thirty days, in the manner herein before directed, shall from thence be liable to all the penalties, punishments, and forfeitures, to which persons felling ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, without a licence, are subject by the ad 5 G. 3. c. 46.

The certificate herein before directed to be obtained by the Cert'ficate in-person or persons requiring to be licensed, shall, after the ob- pc5-

taining thereof, be an indemnity to him, her, or them, for felling any beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, till after such Petty Sessions shall have been held.

In all cases where the continuance of a licence shall be allowed, or a new licence shall be granted as aforesaid, by the Licence to be Justices at any Petty Sessions, the Clerk of the Peace for the xccotded* county, &c. where the house is situate, shall record the same, and shall be paid the sum of one shilling, and no more.

The justices in Easter sessions yearly (and mayors in corpo- 8 El. c. 9 /. rations) shall rate the price of all barrels, kilderkins, firkins, J"ft,ces to rat5 and other vessels to be sold for ale or beer to be uttered therein : fc*pncc of vci* And if any cooper shall not fell the same according to such rate, he shall forfeit 3s. 4d.; half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Every barrel of beer, within the bills of mortality, shall be 12 C. a. x TV. 36 gallons, and the barrel of ale 32 gallons; and in all other 23» 24* places, 34 gallons shall be reckoned for a barrel of beer or ^nlCQtftof TCf-ale. *

All innkeepers, alehouse-keepers, and other retailers of ale 11 12 IV.

or beer, shall retail and fell the same in and from their houses, *5* by a full ale-quart or ale-pint, according to the standard of a1^

the exchequer, in a vessel made and sized to the standard and signed, stamped, or marked, either from the exchequer, or from some city, town-corporate, borough, or market-town, where a standard ale-quart or pint, made from the said standard,'

shall be kept for that purpose; on pain of forfeiting not above 40s. nor under 10s. for every offence; half to the poor, and half to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same ; to be recovered before one justice, by the oath of one witness, and to be levied by warrant of distress. The prosecution to be within 30 days. — And every mayor, or chief officer, shall, on request

C to

Co ^lc

lo

Alehouses.

i Ja. e. g.

2.1 C. 7. Penalty for fuffiring tippling,

4 J*' '< S'

a i Ja. c. 7.

D fa d led for years,

4 <* 5*

Tipplets how punished.

to him made, cause ale-quarts and ale-pints, made of good and wholesome materials, which shall be brought to him, to be measured with the ilandard.in his custody, and shall then cause the same to be signed, ilamped, and marked with W. R. and a crown, for which they shall not receive above one farthing for each measure, on pain of 5I.

If any innkeeper, victualler, or alehouse keeper, or tavern keeper keeping an inn or viClualling-house, shall suffer any inhabitant (or other person, 1 Car. 1. c. 4 ) to continue drinking or tippling therein (except such as shall be invited by any traveller during his necessary abode there; and except labouring and handicraftsmen in cities, Scc, upon the usual working days, for one hour at dinner-time, to take their diet in an alehouse ; and except labourers and workmen, which, for the time of their said continuing in work there, fcjourn, lodge, or visual in any inn. Sec.) he shall, on conviction thereof before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view or confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 10s. to the poor. The same to be levied by the constable or churchwardens by way of distress; and for default of satisfaction in (ix days, the distress to be appraised and fold; rendering the overplus; and for want of sufficient distress, the party offending to be committed to the common goal, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid. And if the constable or churchwardens do neglect their duty in levying, or do not levy the penalties; or in default of distress, do neglect to certify the default, by the space of 20 days, to such mayor or justice; every person so offending, shall forfeit 40s. to the poor, to be levied by way of distress by warrant from such mayor or justice ; the distress to be detained six days ; in which time, if payment be not made, the goods may be appraised and fold, returning the overplus; for want of which distress, the con liable or churchwarden so offending, shall be by such mayor or justice committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid.

The said offence may be enquired of and presented before justices of assize, justices of the peace in their sessions, mayors in corporations, and in the Ieet.

If any alehouse-keeper shall suffer any inhabitant to continue drinking or tippling therein as aforesaid, he shall be disabled for the space of three years to keep any such alehouse.

If any person (unless those before excepted) shall continue drinking or tippling, in any inn, or alehouse, he shall, on conviction thereof, before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view, confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit for every offence 3s. 4d. within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor: And if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress: And if he be not able to pay, the justice may punish the offender, by setting him in the ilocks for every offence by the space of four hours.

The

Origirval from LIB-

Annuities, Apples, Apprentices.

The offender to be presented, inditted, or convicted in fix

' months.

And all constables, churchwardens, ale-conners, and iidef-' men, shall, in their several oaths incident to their offices, be charged to present the said offence. And if any alehouse-keeper shall be convicted of the said offence, he shall moreover for the space of three years, be disabled to keep any such ale-house.

M.v, — The universities, and freemen of the Vintners' company by patrimony or apprentice ship only, are generally excepted out of these acts concerning alehouses ; and also the persons who shall keep the three wine-taverns in the borough of St. Alban's.

Annuities.

BY fereralafts, an oath of an annuitant's life is to be made before a justice of the peace, who shall give a certificate thereof, in order to entitle such person to receive his annuity.

Apples and Pears.

THE measure shall be round, and in diameter eighteen inches and a half within the hoop, and eight inches deep; and so in proportion : and whosoever shall fell or buy any apples or pears by any other measure, shall forfeit ios. half to the informer, and half to the poor, on conviction on the oath of one witness, before one justice, or mayor, to be levied by the petty constable by warrant of the said justice, by distress and sale. But this shall not extend to any measure sealed and allowed by the fruiterers' company in London.

Apprentices.

IF any person, under the age of 21, shall be required by any housholder, using half a ploughland at least in tillage, to bean apprentice, and to serve in husbandry, or other art, and shall refuse so to do, then (on complaint of such housekeeper to one justice or head officer) he shall fend for the person refusing; and if he shall think the said person meet to serve, and such person refuse to be bound, he may commit him to ward, there to remain, until he be contented, and will be bound.

The churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, by the assent of two justices (1 <?.) may bind any such

C 2 children.

C

o

0

ie

11

4 Ja. e. 5. Within six months,

21 Ja. c. 7. Officer* to pte> sent.

7 Ja. c. 10. . 21 Ja c, 7.

Oath before justice.

1 Ann. Jl % 7. r. *5-

Measure defer! bed.

5 El. e. 4.

Who required to be bound.

18 G. 3. e. 47.

43 El. e. 2. Churchwardens, &c. may bind.

xz

Apprentices.

children, whose parents they shall judge not able to maintain them, to be apprentices where they shall see convenient, till such man child shall come to the age of 21, and such woman child to the age of 21, or marriage; the same to be as effectual to all purposes, as if such child were of full age, and by indenture of covenant bound him or herself.

Duty and (lamps 33 y g ^ n. a duty of 6d. in the pound, where the ap-for indentuies. , c < r 3 . A . ,r . . , , r

prentice's fee is from ll. to 50I. — where it is 50I. and up*

wards, is. for every pound is to be paid, by the mailer or millrefs ef every apprentice, clerk, or servant, bound by indentures. The indentures within the bills of mortality are to be brought to the llamp-office within one month ; if executed in the country, to the agents of the liamp-office within two months, and the duty paid, under a penalty of 50I. and making void the indentures, 9 An. c. 21. The llamp on the indenture is 12s. — Each indenture mull be on a 6s. llamp; except parish apprentices, for whom a 6d. llamp on each indenture is sufficient, and no duty on the sum given. The full sum cont:acted for, and given with, or in relation to, every apprentice or clerk, shall be inserted and specified in the indenture, &c. on pain of the mailer or mistress's forfeiting double the sum so given, paid, or contracted for.

3 9 W. c. 30. And where any poor child shall be appointed to be bound

apprentice by the 43 El. the person to whom he is appointed Duty of those te to be bound, shall receive and provide for him, and also ex-whom apprcn- ecute the other part of the indentures ; and if he shall refuse tices are ap- tQ ^ oath being thereof made by one of the churchwardens or overseers, before two justices, he shall forfeit iol. by dif-ppnMtv for not tress and sale, by warrant of such justices. to the use of the receiving. poor 0j the parish or place where the offence was committed;

saving always to the person to whom any poor child shall be appointed to be bound apprentice, if he shall think himself ag-Power of appeal, grieved thereby, his appeal to the next sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

Directors and guardians of the poor, in particular incorporated hundreds or districts, have the same powers to bind poor children; and every inhabitant, being an # occupier of lands in the parish, is bound under the same penalties to receive and provide for them.

N. B. If the mailer is dissatisfied, he may appeal to the fc ffions.

Choice shall always be made of the poorell children ; and no such apprentice shall be above 15 years of age when bound.

Ann. c.6. It shall be lawful for two justices, and for the head-officer9 in corporations, and for the churchwardens and overseers of the several parishes or townships, with the consent of such justices or head-officers, to bind and put out any boy of the age of

Every one, who by his profefiinn, or manner of living, has occasion to keep servants, and is approved of by the justices. Dalt. c. 58.

' ten

»o G. 3, c. 36.

Got

Apprentices.

ten years or upwards, or who shall be chargeable, or whose parents shall be chargeable, or who shall beg for alms, to be an apprentice to the feaservice, to any subject being mailer or owner of any ship or veil'd, until he shall attain the age of 21 years.

And every person to whom any poor boy shall be put apprentice by the 43 El. may, with the con fen t of two justices p- dwelling near the parish where such poor boy was bound, or

or with the like content of the chief officer in a corporation, at

v the request of the mailer, his executors, administrators, or

tt assigns, by indenture assign over such poor boy apprentice, to

i any mailer or owner of a ship or vessel, using the sea-service,

t during the remaining time of his apprenticeship. — The boy's

i age shall be inserted in the indenture, being truly taken from

i a copy of the entry in the register-book (where it can be had)

1 which copy shall be given and attelled by the miniller without

1 fee: — And where no such entry can be found, two such juf-

!tices, and such head officers, shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of such boy's age, and from such information shall insert the same in the indentures. — The collector in the port shall keep a register of all such apprentices in such ships, and from what parishes and places they were sent; and shall transmit (gratis) true copies thereof signed by him, to the quarter-sessions, or to such towns corporate, parishes, or places, when t and so often as he shall be reasonably required so to do; and every collector refusing or neglecting to fend such copy, shall forfeit 5I. to the poor of the parish from whence such boy was t bound. — Two justices near the port, and mayors of towns

k corporate, in or near adjoining to such port at which such

k ship or vessel shall at any time arrive, may determine all complaints of ill usage from the mailer to such apprentice, and i, also of all such as shall voluntarily put themselves apprentices c to the sea service. — All the penalties aforesaid shall, by warrant of two justices of the county, city, or town corporate, be 0, levied by distress and sale,

c Aote, — Mailers, apprentices, mariners, and others employed

& in fishing-vessels upon the coalls, are exempted, during such jl their employment, from being impressed.

If any mailer shall misuse or evil intreat his apprentice, or the said apprentice shall have anyjull cause to complain, or if the apprentice do not his duty to his mailer, then the said ji mailer or apprentice being grieved, and having cause to complain, shall repair unto one justice ; and if the said justice can-r, not compound and agree the matter, he shall take bond of the g said master to appear at the next sessions ; and on his appear-

{. ance, and hearing of the matter there, if it be thought meet to

j[ discharge the said apprentice, then the justices, or four of them at the lead (1 i^.) shall have power in writing under their

Four at lead, where the apprentice's fee exceeds 5I.

hands

13

Boys of ten years old to fe#-service;

may be assigned*

Register of apprentices in ships.

Complaints heard and determined by two ju dices near the port.

2 G. 3. c. 1$.

5 El. e. 4.

Master or apprentice may go toonejustice.

Master bound to appear at sessionns.

by

so G. 2* e. T9.

Two justices may summon master or mif-tress, and discharge in certain cases.

Power of appeal.

5 El. e. 4. Apprentice flying into another county.

24 G. z. c. 55.

Warrant to be indoifed.

6 G, 3. c. 25.

shall serve out hU loft time 5

Apprentices.

hands and Teals, to pronounce and declare, that they have discharged the said apprentice of his apprenticehood, and the cause thereof: — And the said writing, being inrolled among the records, shall be a sufficient discharge for the apprentice against his master, his executors and administrators. And if the default shall be found to be in the apprentice, then the said justices, See. with the assistance aforesaid, shall cause such due correction and punishment to be administered unto him, as by their wisdom and discretion shall be thought meet.

On complaint unto two justices, by any parish or other apprentice, upon whose binding out no larger a sum than 5I. was paid, concerning any ill-treatment, they may summon the master or mistress; and on proof upon oath of the truth of the said complaint, the said justices may discharge the apprentice, for which warrant or certificate no fee shall be paid. And such justices on complaint on oath by any master or mistress, against any such apprentice, concerning any misdemeanor, mifear-riage, or ill behaviour, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender, by commitment to thehouse of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour for a reasonable time, not exceeding one calendar month, or otherwise by discharging such apprentice.

Persons aggrieved by any determination, order or warrant of such justices, may appeal to the next sessions, who may award costs to either party not exceeding 40s. to be levied by distress and sale.

If any apprentice shall flee into any other shire, the justices may issue writs of capias to the sheriffs of the counties, to take his body, that he maybe put in prison, till he finds sufficient surety well and honestly to serve his master.

If ajusticeshall issue a warrant against such person, and he shall escape into another shire, the constable or other person, on having the warrant indorsed by a justice in such other shire, may arrest him there, and carry him before a justice in such other shire, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall carry him back before a justice in the shire from whence the warrant did first issue.

If any apprentice shall absent himself from his master's service, before the term of his apprenticeship shall be expired, he shall, at any time thereafter, whenever he shall be found (so it be within seven years after the expiration of his term) be compelled to serve his said master, for so long time as he shall have absented himself; unless he shall make satisfaction to his master for the loss he shall have sustained by such absence ; and if he shall refuse so to serve, or to make satisfaction, the master may complain upon oath to one justice where he shall reside, who shall issue his warrant for apprehending such apprentice. And such justice, on hearing the complaint, may determine what satisfaction shall be made to such master by the apprentice. And if the said apprentice shall not give security to make satisfaction according to such determination, such justice

Apprentices.

may commit him to the house of correction for any time not eiceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved by such determination , order, or warrant of the justice (except any order of commitment) may appeal to the next sessions.

Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to the (fannaries , in Devon and Cornwall; or to impeach or lessen the j urifdidlion of the chamberlain of London, or of any other court within the said city, touching apprentices ; nor to any apprentice, whose mailer shall have received with him the sum of 10I.

Servants going away with their mailer's goods, with intent to ileal them, shall be guilty of felony ; but not to extend to apprentices.

Persons dealing to the value of 40s. being in a dwelling house or onthouse thereto belonging, tho' such house be not broken, and tho' no person be therein, are excluded from the benefit of clergy. But this not to extend to apprentices under 15 years of age; but if they be 15 years of age, they shall be guilty as other persons.

By 43 Eliz. c. 2. the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish, or the greater part of them, by the adent of two justices of the peace, may bind any children, whose parents they shall judge to be not able to keep and maintain such children, to be apprentices, where they shall see convenient, till such man child shall come to the age of t wenty-four years, and such woman child to the age of twenty-one years, or the time of her marriage. By 8 and 9 Will, 3. c. 30. 47. where any poor children shall be appointed to be bound apprentices, pursuant to the said adlof Queen Elizabeth the persons to whom they are so appointed to be bound apprentices, shall receive and provide for them according to the indenture signed and confirmed by two justices of the peace, and also execute the other part of the said indentures, under a penalty, in case of refusal, of ten pounds, to be levied of the goods of the offender. When any man child should be bound to be an apprentice, by virtue of the said act 43 Eliz. c. 2. such child shall be bound to be an apprentice for no longer term than till he shall come to the age of twenty-one years ; and whereas several other regulations are necessary to be made respecting parish apprentices. It is enacted, that from July 1, 1792, covenants for maintenance of parish apprentices, with whom no more than 5I. shall be given, shall continue in force no longer than three months after the death of the matter or mistress. A proviso to that effect shall be annexed to the covenant; but if omitted, the covenant shall continue no longer in force than for three calendar months

N. B. A new form of indenture for parish-apprentices with the proper in-doffementi, £cc. iequi«ed by 32 G. 3. c. 57. is prepared, and to be had at FiuxdciY in New Bond Street, London.

next


15

or be committed.

Power of appeal*

Srannaries and city of London excepted.

21 H. 8. c. 7.

12 Ann. ft. 1. c 7*

Apprentices in some cases not felons under 15 years of age.

31^.3. c. 57.

Recital of 43 Eliz. c. 2.

and of 8, and 9. W. 3. c. 3c, and 47.

Further regulations necessary.

Proviso to be annexed.

i6 Apprentices.

next after the death of such matter or midrefs, in case focfi mailer ormillrefs shall die during the term of such apprenticeship; which proviso may be in the form or to the following effect:

Form of proviso. PROVIDED always. That the said last-mentioned cove-nanton the part of the said F, M. [the ma/ler] his executors and administrators, to be done and performed, shall continue and be in force for no longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of the said F, Af. in case the said F. M, shall happen to die during the continuance of such apprenticediip, according to the provifl-ons of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An act for the further regulation of farish apprentices.

Within three months after the death of a mailer ormillrefs, Application to application may be made to two justices of the peace of the justices* county, city, town, &c. where such mailer or' midrefs shall have died, by the v/idow of such mader, or by the husband of such midrefs, or by any son or daughter, or other legal representative of such mader or midrefs, by indorsement or other iudrument in writing in the form or to the efred following:

* k *

County of 7 WHEREAS F. M. [the maftef\ within \ named, late of the parish of in the said county, died on the

day of being within three calendar

months now lad pad, we, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county aforesaid, whose names are hereunto subscribed, on the application and at the re-qued of A, M. widow [or as the case may he\ of the said F. M. living with and being part of the family of the said F. M. at the time of his death, do hereby order and direct, that A. P. the apprentice within named, who was in the service and actual employment of the said F. M. at the time of his death shall serve the said A. M. as such apprentice, for the residue of the term of such apprenticeship within mentioned, according to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An act for the further regulation of Parish Apprentices Witness our hands, this day of

I

I, *he above-named A. M. do hereby declare, that the above order is made at my requell; and that I do accept the said A. P. as my apprentice, according to the terms and covenants contained in the said indenture, and according

Content of justices.

i

Declaration of acceptance.

Apprentices. 17

to the provisions of the said adfc. Witness my hand, the 3l G* 3* 57«

day and year above written.

off WHEREAS it appears unto us, two of ."a,r I his majesty's justices of the peace for the ‘*n n ‘ said county, that A. P. \tht apprentice] was bound an apprentice, by the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of to F. M. [the master\

late of the said parish , and that the said F. M. died on the day of,

being within three calendar months now last pad : now we, the said two justices, on the application and at the request of A. M. as above, &c. [then, to the end, as before, mutatis mutandis.]

This instrument may order and direct that such apprentice shall serve as an apprentice any one of such persons so making such application, such person having lived with, and having fco of the been part of the family of, such master or mistress at the time of [a*ofthcdt" his or her death, as the said justices shall think fit, during cca c the residue of the term mentioned in such indenture; and the person obtaining such order shall declare his or her acceptance of such apprentice, by subscribing his or her name to such order ; and from and after such order shall be made, the executors and administrators, and the personal assets, estate, and ef-setts of the master or mistress so dying as aforesaid, shall be released and discharged of and from any promise or covenant whatsoever, contained in such indenture; and the person obtaining the same shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, Assignee to hare the master or mistress of such apprentice, in like manner as if the^Hginal"0 such apprentice had been originally bound to such master or master or mif-mistress; and such master or mistress and apprentice shall be treft. subject and liable to the several penalties, provisions and regulations, which shall then be in force for the better government and good order of masters and parish apprentices ; and all justices of the peace shall have the like powers and authority, with respect thereto, as they shall then have by any act or acts of Parliament relating to parish apprentices.

All the regulations and provisions herein-before made, and Death of aftig-directed to take place on the death of the original master or ncc* mistress, shall be deemed and taken to relate to the like event of the death of any subsequent master or mistress, &c. during the continuance of the term mentioned in any such indenture of apprenticeship.

If no application be made within three calendar months after wjiere no ,ppH. the death of such master or mistress, or the justices should not cation is made, think fit that the apprenticeship should be continued, it shall be „ D at

County

j , by

1 %

Apprentices.

31 G. 3. c. 57.

What apprentices included in th/sadt.

Matter refusing to provide

»ay be distrained on*

Alignment cf apprentice how made.

Form of assign-men*.

at an end, in like manner as it would have been at the expiration of the term mentioned in the indenture.

This act shall extend to such parish apprentices only as shall be living with the mailer or millrefs at the time of the death of any mailer or millrefs respectively.

In case any such original mailer or millrefs, or any malleror millrcls appointed under this act, or the executors or administrators of such mailers or millrelfes, having alTets, shall, during such three calendar months as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to maintain and provide for any such apprentice, according to the terms of such covenant; any two justices of the peace of the county, city. Sec. to which such apprentice shall belong, on complaint of such apprentice, or of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place, by warrant under their hands and seals, may levy by distress and sale of the personal ellate and effects or assets of such matter or millrefs respectively, such sum or sums of money as shall be necessary for the maintenance and clothing of such apprentice, and as shall also be necessary to reimburse to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish of place, any sum or sums of money that shall have been reasonably expended by them for that purpose.

Any mailer or millrefs of any such parish apprentice, may, by indorsement on the indenture of apprenticeship, or by other instrument in writing, with the consent of two justices of the peace of the county, city, town. Sec. where such mailer or millrefs shall dwell, tellified by such justices under their hands, assign such apprentice to any person who is willing to take such apprentice for the residue of the term mentioned in such indenture : such person, by writing under his or her hand, dating the said indenture of apprenticeship, and the indorsement and consent aforesaid, declaring his or her acceptance of such apprentice, and acknowledging himself, herself, his, or her executors and administrators, to be bound by the agreements and covenants mentioned in the said indenture; which indorsement or instrument may be in the form or to the following effect:

County of C BE it remembered, that the within-named I F. M. [the tnafler] by and with the consent and approbation of I. P. and AT. P. two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, whose names are subscribed to the consent hereunder written, doth hereby aff:gn A. P. the apprentice within named, unto N. M. [the new rnajier] to serve him during the residue of the terra within mentioned; and that he the said N. M. doth hereby agree to accept and take the said A. P. as an apprentice for therefidueof the said term, and doth hereby acknowledge himself his executors and administrators, to be bound by the agreements and covenants within mentioned

cm

b1

LIE

Apprentices.

on the part of the said F. M, to be done and performed, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-feeond year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An act for the further regulation of Parish Apprentices In witness whereof we, the said F, M. and N. M, have hereunto set our hands, this day of

1

ki

i

i

4

V

I

3

t

t

t

We, two of his majesty's justices of the peace above-mentioned, do consent thereto. Witness our hands, this day of

I. P.

K. P.

County of C WHEREAS it appears unto us, I. P. and I K. P, two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, whose names are subscribed to the consent hereunder written, that A. P- was bound an apprentice by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of , to F, M, of the same

parish, by indenture bearing date on or

about the day of until the said A. P. rtiould attain his age of twenty-one years: Now be it remembered, that the said F. M, by and with the consent as above, &c, doth hereby assign [and so id

the end, as before, mutatis mutandis, 1 J J

\"*

And such apprentice shall be deemed and takeil to be the apprentice of such subsequent master or mistress to whom such artignment shall be made, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Two j a dices may discharge parish apprentices whose matters 6r mistresses cannot employ or maintain them, on the application of such master or mistress, requesting that any such apprentice may be discharged, for the reasons aforesaid.

Nothing herein before contained shall extend to the indenture made on the binding of any apprentice, where a large* sum than five pounds shall be given.

No indorsement on any parish-ind^nture of appfenticeship, shall be liable to stampr duty, and no other instrurhents shall be charged higher than the duty on parish-indentures.

In every case where any parish-apprentice^ whatsoever shall be discharged from his appfenticeship by two justices, by virtue of the act 20 G. 2. c. 19. for cruel treatment or mifufage, such two justices shall and may order such master or mistress to deliver up to such apprentice his or her clothes and wearing apparel, and also to pay to such church-

D 2 wardens


*9

3a G. 3. f. 57.

Justices consent.

Justices declaration.

Justices may discharge,

If fee not more than 5I.

No indorsement stamped.

On apprentices' discharge.

20

s5

32 G. 3. c. 57. Clothes and lol.

or 5I. In lieu of clothes if re-fused,

how recovered.

Apprentices.

Churchwardens, &c. to prosecute.

Prosecution how paid.

From 5]. to 10I. in lieu of having another apprentice.

wardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or place to which such apprentice shall belong, foroe or one of them, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be applied under the order of such justices, for the again placing and binding out such apprentice so discharged, or otherwise, for his or her benefit, as to such justices shall seem meet; and also to pay a sum not exceeding 5I. in case such master or mistress shall refuse to deliver up such clothes and wearing apparel; and in case such master or mistress shall refuse to pay the sum so ordered, such two justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, may levy the same by distress andfale, together with the reasonable expences of such distress; two justices, if they shall think fit, may compel such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, some or of them, to enter into a recognizance for the effectual

one

1 Matters aggrieved may ap-ueal.

prosecution by indictment of such master or mistress for such ill treatment of any such apprenticed discharged, and also to order that the costs and expences of such prosecution shall be paid and reimbursed to such person or persons entering into such recognizance, one moiety out of the poor rates of the parish or place to which such apprentice shall belong, and the other moiety out of the common (lock of the county in which such parish or place shall lie; and in case the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place for the time being shall refuse to pay such their moiety, such two justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, may levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or either of them, together with the reasonable expences of such distress.

Where any parish-apprentice shall have been discharged from any master or mistress, and such master or mistress shall have been convicted of cruelty or other ill treatment, in consequence of a prosecution by indictment, or shall have been found guilty thereof in any action brought at the suit of the party injured, it shall not be lawful for the churchwardens, &c. to bind any other apprentice upon such person ; but whenever such person ought or would be compellable to take a parish-apprentice, two justices of the peace of the county, &c. or place where such person shall reside, upon application made to them by the churchwardens and overseers, shall order and dirett that such person shall pay into the hands of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or one of them, a sum not exceeding iol. nor Iefs than 5I. for the purpose of binding out the chila (intended to be bound) an apprentice, with the approbation of such two justices; and in case of refusal, such two justices, by warrant under th^ejr hands and seals, may levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of such person, together with the reasonable expences of such distress.

Masters aggrieved may appeal to the next Quarter Sessions, which shall finally determine the same, and in their discretion allow to all parties their reasonable costs; and no such distress

shall

Apprentices. Arraignment,

21

/hill be taken until after the session, in case the person who is 3s ^ 3*57*

ordered to pay the same shall, within seven days after notice

given of such order, give notice to such churchwardens and

overseers of the poor, feme or one of them, of such intended

appeal; and in case such person shall fail to appear in support

of his appeal, the sum of 40s. shall be added to the expences

of the distress, and levied accordingly.

Where any parish apprentice shall be discharged by two juf- Apprentice dif-tices, from his or her apprenticeship, on account of any mif- fh,frgfd demeanor, on the part of such apprentice, such two justices, ^ committed, if they think proper, by warrant under their hands and seals, may punish such offender by commitment to the house of cor-redion, there to be kept to hard labour, for a reasonable time, not exceeding three calendar months.

If any person shall be aggrieved by any matter or thing done by any churchwarden or overseer, or by any of his majesty's justices of the peace, or by any other person or persons by virtue of this act, besides such matters or things for which an Power of ap~ appeal is herein-before specially given, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next general quarter felons of the peace, where the same shall be heard Court may a* and finally determined ; and such court may award reasonable ward coftl* cods and expences to either party before them.

N. B. For settlement by apprenticeship, fee that article under Poor.

Arraignment,

ARRAIGNMENT is nothing else but the calling the » H. H. ai6^ offender to the bar of the court, to answer the matter Arraignment charged upon him. what.

The prisoner on his arraignment, though under the indict- H. H. 219. ment of the highest crime, must be brought to the bar without Not to be irons and all manner of shackles or bonds, unless there be a lrons* danger of escape, and then he may be brought with irons.

Arrest.

POWER is given to the justices of the peace, to take and arrest all those whom they may find by indictment or by suspicion, and to put them in prison.

By the justices* oath of office, the warrant ought not to be directed to the party, but to some indifferent person, to execute it.

Constables and others may, on having the warrant indorsed by a justice in another county, nto which an offender shall have

34 Ed. 3. r. 1. Power of arrest.

Burnt vol. I. To whom the warrant is directed.

24G. 2. c. 55. Indorsement of warrant.

LjC

22 Arrest.

Dalt. c. 171. Power of the county to be taken to pursue, &c.

In what cases doors .may be broken open.

1 haw* 86.

1 H. H. 582.

2 H. H. 117. Dalt. e. 169. z H. H. 151.

2 haw* 86.

1 Haw. 137.

2 Haw. 87.

D*/f. c. 176.

1 tf. //. 589. Suspected person to be delivered to the constable.

2 H. H. 95. Constables wl h affrayers^drunk-ard&, &c.

have escaped, arrest an offender in such other county, and carry him before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of such other county, if the offence is bailable, to find bail ; or else shall carry him back again before a justice in the county from whence the warrant did first issue.

Any justice, or the sheriff, may take of the county any number that he shall think meet, to pursue, arrest, and imprison traitors, murderers, robbers, and other felons; or such as do break, or go about to break, or disturb the king's peace: and every man, being required, ought to assist and aid them, on pain of fine and imprisonment. — Where a justice, sheriff, or other officer, is enabled to take the power of the county, it seemeth they may command and ought to have the aid and attendance of all knights, gentlemen, yeomen, husbandmen, labourers, tradesmen, servants, and apprentices, and of all others persons being above the age of fifteen years, and able to travel. — And in such case it is referred to the discretion of the justice, sheriff, or other officer, what number they will have to attend on them, and how and after what manner they shall be armed or otherwise furnished.

1. Doors may be broken open upon a warrant from a justice of the peace, to find furetiesfor the peace or good behaviour, — 2. An officer upon any warrant from a justice, either for the peace or good behaviour, or in any case where the king is party, may by force break open a man's house, to arrest the offender. — 3. On a warrant to search for stolen goods, the doors may be broke open, if the goods are there ; and if they are not there, the constable seems indemnified, but he that made thje suggestion, is punishable. — 4. Where forcible entry or detainer is found by inquisition before justices of the peace, or appears on their view, — 5. On the warrant of a.justice of the peace for the levying of a forfeiture, in execution of a judgment, or conviction for it, grounded on any statute, which1 gives the whole or any part of such forfeiture to the king. —

6. Where an affray is made in a house, in the view or hearing of a constable, he may break open the doors to take them. —

7. If there be disorderly drinking or noise in a house, at an unseasonable time of night, especially in inns, taverns, or ale-houses, the constable or his watch, demanding entrance, and being refusea, may break open the doors, to fee and suppress the disorder.

if the constable come unto the party, and require him to go before the justice, this is no arrest nor imprisonment.

When a private person hath arrested a felon, or one suspected of felony, he may deliver him to the constable, who may either carry him to gaol, or to a justice of the peace, or he may carry him immediately to a justice of the peace.

If the constable, or his watch, hath arrested affrayers, or persons drinking in an alehouse at an unseasonable time of night, he may put the persons in the (locks, or in the prifor>,

if

by

Original from L

' Assault and Battery. 33*

if there be one in the vill, 'till the heat of their passion or in-

. temperance is over, or 'till he can bring them before a justice.

If the arrest is by virtue of a warrant to bring the party be- 1 5*

fore the justice who granted the warrant specially9 then the of- g e-al^War-ficei is bound to bring him before the same justice; but if the *how cxc-warrant be to bring him before any justice of the county, then cuted.

. it is in the election of the officer, to bring him before what In whose cJcc_ justice he thinks fit, and not in the election of the prisoner. tion in other And when he hath brought him to the justice, yet he is in cases, law still in his custody, till the justice discharge, or bail, or 2 I2°-

commit him.

No action shall be brought against any constable or other of- *4 G. *. c, 44. ficer, or person acting by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until demand hath been made of the perusal and copy of such Copy of war_ t warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for fix rant may be de-r days after such demand. nunded.

i

1

E

k

t

t

1

-»

I

Assault and Battery.

ASSAULT is an attempt or offer, with force and vio- 1 Raw. 133.

lence, to do a corporal hurt to another, by striking at Assault and bat-him with or without a weapon ; or by any other such like aft, tcrjr d,ffcrcQr* done in an angry, threatening manner.

One charged with an assault and battery, may be found t jjaWt guilty of the assault, and yet acquitted of the battery; but every battery includes an assault.

If an officer, having a lawful warrant, lay hands on another T jjaw, I30< to arrest him, or if a parent in a reasonable manner chastise a child, a master his apprentice, a schoolmaster his scholar; in In what cafe# all these cases, and such like, it is justifiable. justifiable.

Where a man in his own defence beats another who first af- f y faults him, he may take advantage thereof, both upon an in- Self-defence." distment, and upon an action.

Assizes.

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, &c. of that county Crown Circ.

where the judges have their assizes, are bound to be pre- Comp, 4. sent; and if they make default, without lawful impediment, Justicea required the judges may feta fine upon them for their neglect to attend‘

1L

Attorney.

' by

24

Auctions.

Attorney.

5 G. i. c. is. XTO attorney or solicitor shall be capable to continue or be No attorney to a justice of the peace, during such time as he shall con-

be a justice. tinue in the business and practice of an attorney or solicitor.

Auction.

' i

i9 G. 3. e; 56. 'VJO PeHbn exercising the trade or business of an auctioneer, X\l shall presume to deal in, vend, or fell, any estate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise, by Licence neccf- way of auction, without taking out a licence. — If any person kry» shall act without such licence, he shall forfeit iool. if within the bills ; and elsewhere, 50I.

If the sale shall be rendered void, by reason that the person, where the title for whose benefit the estate or goods were fold, had no title or not good. right to dispose thereof, the auctioneer, who paid the duty, may complain to the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace within whose jurisdiction respectively the sale was made, who may hear and determine all such complaints, and relieve the party complaining of so much as shall appear to have been overpaid.

2S G. 3. c. 37. Complaints of sales by auction being rendered void, shall be

Limited time of made in a year, if they be rendered void in that period, or complaint. else [n three months after the discovery.

Allowance of Allowances of duty are to be made to purchasers of their doty when own effects by auctions, if prior notice of their having au-m«de. thorised a bidder be given to the auctioneer, and the delivery

of such notice be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as also the fairness of the transaction to the bell of his knowledge.

Auctioneers.

32 G. 3. e. n. Auctioneers giving notice of tales.

EVERY auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any notice or catalogue for a sale by auction, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, or intended sale, shall, within twenty-eight days after the day specified in such notice as the particular day when such auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the chief office of excise in London, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to receive the same, a

declaration

Original from I

Auctioneers.

declaration, in writing, setting forth whether or not any sale by way of auction had been or was opened or begun under such notice, or any article, lot, parcel, or thing, contained in such catalogue was bid for or sold at such auction ; and such auctioneer, or person acting as his clerk, shall make oath to the truth of such declaration before the commissioners of excise, or l one of them, or before such person as the commissioners of excise shall appoint to administer the same ; which oath the said of of excise, or one of them, or other person so to be appointed as aforesaid,is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and every auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any such notice or catalogue for a sale by auction, in any part of Great-Britain, not 6 within the limits of the said chief office, or the person who

i acted as his clerk at such sale, or intended sale, shall, within

six weeks after the day specified in such notice, as the particular day when such sale by auction was to be made, deliver, or caiife to be delivered, to the collector of excise in whose collection such sale has been, or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, to be verified in like manner, on pain that every auctioneer shall, for every neglect or refusal of delivering such declaration, forfeit the sum of 50I. to be sued for, reco-

ivered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any Jaw of excise, or by action of debt, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer s in Scotland respectively ; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs \\ and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same,

[Backing a Warrant. See Warrant.]

Bail.

- /

BAIL signifies the delivery of a man out of custody, upon the undertaking of one or more persons for him, that he shall appear at a day limited, to answer and be justified by the law. — The difference between bail and mainprise is, that mainpernors are only surety, but bail is a custody.

If a person be brought before a justice, if it appears that no felony is committed, he may discharge him ; but if a felony be committed, tho* it appears not that the party accused is guilty, yet he cannot discharge him, but must commit or bail him.

Jn case of homicide, the offender is not bailable.

If a person has dangerously wounded another, the justice ought to be very cautious how he takes bail, till the year and day be past.

E No

25

Declarations on oath when Tales take place.

5CI. penalty ftr every neglect.

Application of Penalties.

Hate's, Pi. 96.

Bail different from main prize.

tlale's, PI $S.. In cases of felony.

Homicide. z ITiJ}. 186. Wounding.

26

Bail.

Two justices may bail.

i&xP.&M. c. 13.

In open sessions.

Examination in writing,

to be certified at the next session.

Evidence may be bound to appear.

Bail to be certified.

1 tr.frff.x. c. 1. No exceffire bail.

z Haw. 90.

Bail in feme cases not to be refused.

H. i*. 97.

In others not to be admitted. Burn, V. I. f, t5l.

Coniiables duty with prisoners.

Id.

Crime to be spe-

cifiti.

No distinction seems here to be made respecting bail, between such homicide as is malicious, and that which happens by misadventure or in self-defence.

Any two justices (1 i£.) may of common right bail persons indicted at the sessions.

If a person be arrested for manjlaughter, or felony, or suspicion thereof being bailable by law, he shall not be let to bail or mainprise by any justices, but in open sessions, except it be by two justices at the lead (1 and the same to be present together at the time of the said bailment.

And the said justices, or one of them, being of the quorum, shall take the examination of the said prisoner, and information of them that bring him, and the same, or as much thereof as shall be material to prove the felony, shall be put in writing before they make the bailment: — Which examination, together with the bailment, the said justices shall certify at the next general gaol delivery to be holden within the limits of their commission.

And the said justices shall have power to bind all such by recognizance as do declare any thing material to prove the offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery to give evidence against the party on his trial. — And shall certify the same in like manner.

In London, Middlesex, and in other cities and towns corporate, justices may let prisoners to bail, as they might before this adfc; but when they do bail, they are to take and certify the bail and examination as is here directed.

By the declaration of rights, excessive bail ought not to be required.

To refuse bail, where the party ought to be bailed, is a misdemeanor punishable by indictment.

Admitting bail, where it ought not, is punishable by the judges of assize by fine ; or punishable as a negligent escape at common law.

Altho' the constable by his own authority, without any warrant of commitment, may carry offenders to gaol, yet, since the institution of the office of justices of the peace, it is better that they be carried before a justice, to be sent by him to gaol by warrant of commitment.

The warrant of commitment ought to set forth thecaufeefpe-cially ; that is to say, not for treason, or felony in general, but treason for counterfeiting the king's coin, or felony for settling the goods of such a one to such a value, and the like ; that the court may judge whether the offence is such, for which a prisoner ought to be admitted to bail.

Banks

Li

m

.....>*

Banks destroying, See,

2 7

Banks destroying.

IF any person shall unlawfully and maliciously break down or 5 Gt 2i f# 57# cut down the bank of any river or sea bank, whereby any Destroying lands shall be overflowed or damaged, he shall be guilty of fe- banks felony, lony without benefit of clergy.

And if any person shall remove any materials, driven into IO G. ». c» 32. the ground, and uled for the securing any marsh or sea-walls, or banks, on complaint or information thereof made upon oath to any justicerefiding near the plaoe, such justice shall summon Penalty, the party complained of, or shall issue his warrant to apprehend and bring such person before him ; and upon his appearance, or neglect to appear, he shall proceed to examine the fast, and upon due proof thereof made either by confession, or oath of one witness, shall convict the offender; who shall thereupon forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the overseer for Application, the use of the poor, to be levied by distress and sale: for want of fufRcient distress, to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for six months.

Bankrupt.

NO commission of bankruptcy shall be issued on the petition of one or more creditors, unless the single debt of such creditor, or of two or more being partners, amount to tool.; 01* of two such creditors petitioning amount to 1501. ; or of three or more to 200I. — On certificate under the hands and seals of the of, that such a commission is issued, and such a person proved before them to become bankrupt, any judge, or justice of the peace, shall, on application to them for that purposemade, grant their warrant for the taking and apprehending such person, and commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he be removed by order of the of by their warrant. — The bankrupt, after assignees shall be appointed, shall deliver up to them on oath (to bead-ministered by a master in chancery, or justice of the peace) all his books of account, papers, and writings not seized by the messenger of the commission, and not before delivered up, and then in his power, and discover such as are in the power of others.

5 G. 1. r. 5®.

In wfc»t csfe*

commission Co be Sued.

Bankrupt hour to »&»

E 2

Barratry.

28

Bastards.

I

Barratry,

J^ARRATRY signifies a quarrel or contention. — Thejyf-

34£</. 3. ct 1. >w,

Barratry, what, j) tices of the peace shall have power to restrain all barrators, and to pursue, arrest, take, and chastise them, according to their trespass or offence.

I lnft- H4*

5 G. *.

Bastards.

WE term all by the name of bastards, that are born out of lawful marriage; but if the issue be born within a month, or a day, after marriage between parties of full lawful age, the child is legitimate.

Though the husband and wife are both in England, if there Pendrell&? Pen« \s sufficient proof that he had no access to her, the child will be dreli' a baftaid.

But this non-access of the husband ought to be proved otherwise than upon the wife's oath.

6(7. 2. e. 31. If any single woman shall be delivered of a bastard child, Jjifti.es how to which shall be chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, or art in cases of ft)all declare herself to be with child, and that such child is haftardy. likely to be born a bastard, and to be chargeable; and shall,

in either of such cases, in an examination to be taken in writing, upon oath, before one justice of the county, city, or towq corporate, where such parish or place shall lie, charge any person with having gotten her with child ; it shall be lawful for such justice, upon application made to him by the overseers of the poor of such parish, or one of them, or by any substantial housholder of an extraparochial place, to issue out his f warrant for the immediate apprehending such person so charged as aforesaid, and for bringing him before such justice, or before any other of his majesty's justices of the peace of such county, city, or town corporate : — And the justice, before whom such person shall be brought, shall commit him tq the common gaol or house of correction, unless he shall give security to indemnify such parish or place, or shall enter into a J recognizance, with sufficient surety, upon condition to appear at the next general quarter sessions, or general sessions of the peace.

See Appendix, No. 8. or No. 10. -J- See Aopenoix, No. 9.

J See Appendix, No. 12.

Tf

Original from' ' , Li:

Bastards. 29

If the constable, having a warrant to apprehend the reputed Constable's neg-father, shall willingly or negligently suffer him to escape, he le.2'dht,w ptt-may be bound over to the sessions, and there indicted, fined, 01 c *

and imprisoned.

And if such woman shall die, or be married, before (he shall *n caf« the be delivered, or miscarry of such child, or shall appear not to ^°man s death# have been with child at the time of her examination, such per- c* son shall bedischarged from his recognizance at the next feffi-ons, or immediately released out of custody by warrant of one jjftice residing in or near the limits where such parish or place shall lie; who shall fu mm on the overseers of the poor to appear before him, to shew cause why such person should not bedischarged.

It shall not be lawful for any justice to fend for any woman. Woman no* before she shall be delivered*and one month after, in order to her being examined concerning her pregnancy; or to compel delivery. ° any woman, before she shall be delivered, to answer any ques-tioos relating to her pregnancy.

If security hath not been given to indemnify the parish, two 18 £//«.<. 3. justices(i^.) in or next unto the limits where the parish church : is, within which parish such bastard shall be born, upon exa- Mother and

mination of the cause and circumstance, shall and may, by p^ftlble^in^ their discretion, take order, as well for the punishment of the fa,iurc of fecu-mother and reputed father, as also for the better relief of such rity. parish, in part or in all; and shall and may, by like discretion take order for the keeping of every such bastard child, by charging such mother or reputed father, with the payment of money weekly, or other fu dentation, for the relief of such child, in such ways as they shall think meet and convenient: and if the mother or reputed father shall not observe and perform the said order, every such party so making default shall be ♦committed to ward to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise, except he or she shall put in sufficient surety to perform the said order, or else personally to appear at the next general session of the peace f.

All justices of the peace, within their several limits and 3 precincts, and in their several sessions, may do and execute all jn xhU cate, things concerning that part of the said statute of 18 Eliz. which by the justices in their several counties are by the said statute limited to be done.

If the two next justices make not provision for the bastard, 7 the justices at their quarter sessions shall settle an order for border ac keeping of the bastard, as the two next justices ought. sessions.

Concerning bastards being left to be kept at the charges of the parish where born, the two next justices shall take order

See Appendix, No. 13.

f In London or Middlefe* there are four general sessions in the year, besidea ;h< quarter sessions.

therein,

3°

Bastards.

7 7«- e4.

Lewd women Low punished.

13 14 C. z.

r. 12.

Goods of refuted father or mother liable.

ti J. e. 27. Concealing child's death.

therein, as well for the punishment of the mother and reputed father, as for the relief of the parish.

Every lewd woman, who shall have any bastard, which may be chargeable to the parish, the justices of the peace shall commit her to the house of correction, there to be punished andfet to work, during the term of one whole year; and if (he shall eftfoons offend again, (he is then to be committed to the said house of correction as aforesaid, and there to remain, until (he can putin good sureties for her good behaviour, not to offend so again.

If the putative father or lewd mother of a bastard child run away out of the parish, and leave the bastard children upon the charge of the parish where they were born, although they have eftdtes suficient to discharge the parish ; it shall be lawful for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish to take and seize so much of the goods, and receive so much of the annual rents or profits of the land of such putative father or lewd mother, as shall be ordered by any two justices, towards the discharge of the parish, to be confirmed at thefessions, for the bringing up and providing for such bastard child; and thereupon the sessions may make an order for the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish, to dispose of the goods by sale or otherwise, or so much of them for the purposes aforesaid, as the court shall think fit, and to receive the rents and profits of the lands, or so much of them as shall be so ordered by the sessions.

If any woman be delivered of a bastard, and (he endeavour so to conceal the death thereof, as that it may not come to light, whether it were born alive or not, but be concealed, (he shall suffer death as in case of murder, except (he can prove* by one witness at lead, that the child was born dead.

Beer, Ale, Worts, See.

FROM July 5, 1785, Every person felling beer, ale, or worts, in a less quantity than in a calk of four gallons who deemed re^ and a half, at any one time, shall be deemed a retailer, and idlers. shall not be entitled to any allowance for waste by leakage, &c.

Bent,

L

Bent, &c.

3*

Bent.

A SORT of rush or shrub, growing on the north west coasts i$G.z. 35* of England.

If any person, without consent of the owner, shall cut. Penalty forcut-pull up, or carry away any starr or bent, on complaint there- ring bea-t. of on oath to one justice, the offender shall be summoned, and on default of appearing, the justice shall ift'ue his warrant to apprehend and bring him before him ; and being convicted on oath of one witness, or confession, he shall forfeit 20s. half to the informer, and half to the owner of the bent, by distress; and for want of sufficient distress shall be sent to the house of correction for three months, to be kept to hard labour; and for a second offence, be committed to the house of correction for one year, to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

[Bigamy. See Polygamy.]

Black-A£h

OFFENCES against this act:

By persons armed or disguised. i. In any forest, park, or grounds inclosed, wherein deer 9^. 1. c.22. are or have been kept.

2. In any warren for hares or conies.

3. In any high road, open heath or common, &c.

4. Wounding, killing, or dealing red or fallow deer.

5. Robbing any warren for hares or conies.

6. Stealing any fish out of a river or pond.

By persons, whether armed and disguised, or not

7. Unlawfully wounding, destroying or dealing any red or fallow deer, in the king's forests or chafes inclosed.

8. Breaking down the head or mound of a fish-pond.

9. Maliciously killing, maiming, or wounding cattle.

10. Cutting down or destroying trees planted for ornament, shelter, or profit.

11. Setting fire to any house, barn, hay-rick, flack of corn straw, wood. Sec.

12. Maliciously shooting at any person, in an house or elsewhere.

13, Sending

Original from,

32

Offence* against this act, how uni flied.

47 EL c. 13.

Hundred to fa* tisfy in certain cases.

and on certain conditions*

Reward to persons apprehending.

Black-Act.

13. Sending a threatening letter, demanding money, of any thing valuable.

14. Rescuing any person in lawful custody for any of the said unlawful acts.

15. Procuring any person, by gift or reward, to join in any such unlawful aft.

16. Maliciously cutting down the bank of any river, or sea-bank.

17. Maliciously cutting any hop-binds growing on poles.

18. Maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, &c.

Every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted (in any county in England) shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy ; but not to work corruption of blood, nor forfeiture of lands or goods.

And the inhabitants of the hundreds shall make satisfaction (not exceeding 200I.) for the damages sustained by No. 9, 10, 11, 16, 17, 18. — But no person shall be enabled to recover damages, unlei's he shall, by himself or servant, in two days after the damage done, give notice of the offence; and shall, in four days after such notice, give in his examination on oath, or the examination on oath of his servant, who had the care of the same, before a justice inhabiting in or near the hundred, whether he knows the person or persons that committed the fast, or any of them; and if, upon such examination, it be confessed, that the examinant knows the said persons, or any of them, then such person confessing, shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute the offender by indictment or otherwise, according to law. And if an offender be apprehended and lawfully convicted, in six months after the offence committed, the hundred shall not be liable. And the action shall be commenced within one year after the offence committed. — And if any person shall be killed, or wounded so as to lose an eye, or the use of any limb, in apprehending or securing any such offender, on proof thereof made at the sessions, by the persons so wounded, or the executors or administrators of the party killed, the justices shall give a certificate thereof, by which they shall be entitled to receive of the sheriff 50I. in 30 days from the time the certificate shall be shewed to him, on pain of forfeiting to the party iol.

1

e* 18.

N°.

Blasphemy and Profaneness.

person shall have any benefit of the toleration aft, who shall deny in his preaching, or writing, the doc-

puntoc™*' h°W tr*nco^ blessed Trinity, as it is set Forth in the 39 articles.

If

Original from JJC L

Blasphemy and Profaneness.

r|X #

If any person shall in any stage-play, interlude, or {hew, jestingly or profanely speak or use the holy name of God, or of Christ Jesus, or of the Holy Ghost, or of the Trinity, he shall forfeit 10I. half to the king, and half to him that shall i sue.

If any person, having been educated in, or at any time having made profession of the Christjan religion in this realm, shall, by writing, printing, teaching,or advised speaking, deny any one of the Persons in the Holy Trinity to be God; or shall assert or maintain, there are mo.re gods than one ; or shall deny the Christian religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures to be of Divine authority; and shall be convicted thereof, in any of the courts at Westminster, or at theaffizes, on the oaths of two witnesses, he shall, for the Aril offence, be incapable to have any office ecclesiastical, civil, or military (unless he shall renounce such opinion in the court where he was convicted, within four months after such conviction); and for the second offence, he shall be disabled to be plaintiff, guardian, executor, or administrator, to take any gift or legacy, or to bear any office, and shall be imprisoned for three years. But no person shall be prosecuted for any words spoken, unless the information be given to a justice of the peace, within four days after the words spoken, and the prosecution of such offence be within three months after such information.

Books.

7

c

I

i

t

i

IF any book shall be taken, or otherwise loft, out of any parochial library, any justice may grant his warrant to search for it; and if it shall be found, it shall, by order of such justice, be restored to the library*

Bread*

IT shall be lawful for the court, or for the person or persons herein authorized to set the assize of bread, to set or ascertain in any place within their jurisdiction, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread, which shall be made for sale, or exposed to sale, and the price to be paid for the same, when and as often as they shall think proper. — Where an assize shall be thought proper to be set, if any person shall offend, and be cohvicted thereof, by confession or oath of one witness, before any magistrate or justice within the limits of their jurisdiction, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. — If the justices shall, in their sessions, think fit to order that the assize of bread, which shall be set for such a particular

F hundred

33

3 Ja» I. c. 2Y. Stage ptofane-nef».

g & jo W. r* 3»-

Conviltfon of blasphemy.

7 Ann, c. 14. Warrant to search for books taken from pari (h library.

31 G. 2. c, 29. Assize nuy be set.

34

Bread

Short weight.

Id.

Adulteration*

Lord-mayor or alderman in London, one justice elsewhere, may hear and determine.

hundred or place* may extend to or comprize any other hundred or place, it shall be lawful for them so to do* And an entry shall be made from time to time by the clerk of the market, or other person, of every return by him made; and also of the rate at which the price, assize, and weight of bread shall be set within his jurisdiction ; which book any inhabitant may, at all seasonable times in the day, inspect without fee. — If any clerk of the market, or other person appointed to make returns, shall neglect, emit, or refuse to do any thing by this act required to be done by him, or shall designedly or knowingly make any false return, he shall, on conviction by oath of one witness, or by confession, forfeit not exceeding lol. nor less than 40s. — If any bread for sale shall be complained of for wanting weight, it shall be brought before some justice within the jurisdiction, and weighed before him within three days after the same shall have been baked, fold, or exposed to sale; and the baker shall forfeit from is. to 5s. for every ounce that is wanting; and from 6d. to 2s. 6d. for every deficiency less than an ounce; unless it be made out to the satisfaction of such magistrate or justice, on the behalf of the party complained of, that such deficiency in weight wholly arose from some unavoidable accident in baking, or otherwise, or was occasioned by some contrivance or confederacy.

If information shall be given on oath, to any magistrate or justice, that there is reasonable cause to suspect, that any miller or any maker of bread for sale doth mix up anyingredient, not the genuine produce of the grain, it shall be lawful for any peace-officer, authorized by the warrant of such magistrate or justice, at all seasonable times in the day-time, to enter into any house, bake-house. &c. and to search and examine whether any ingredient shall have been mixed up with, or put into any meal or flour, whereby the purity of any meal or flour shall be in any wise adulterated: And if any magistrate or justice, to whom any thing seized shall be brought, shall adjudge that any mixture or ingredients shall have been put into such meal or flour; in such case, every such magistrate or justice is hereby required to dispose of the same, as he in his discretion shall think proper.

The mayor of London, or any alderman thereof, within the said city or liberties, and one justice within the several counties, ridings. Sec. may hear and determine, in a summary way, all offences against this act, and summon before him the party accused ; and if he shall not appear, then, on oath made of the offence by one witness. he shall issue his warrant for apprehending the offender; and shall proceed to enquire of the offence, and to examine any witness or witnesses, who shall be offered on either side upon oath, and shall convict or acquit the party accused: And if the* penalty, on such conviction, shall

Of Ifrl. to 40s. if the matter, of 5I. to 20s. if the journeyman offends.

not

Bread.

not be paid within 24 hours after such conviction, such magis-1 j trate or justice shall issue his warrant, directed to any peace-officer, to make distress; and if any offender shall convey away ( his goods out of the jurisdiction of such magistrate or justice, k then some magistrate or justice, within whose jurisdiction the ‘*1 offender shall have removed his goods, shall back the said war-

rant, and thereupon the penalty shall be levied by distress, and ( if it be not paid within five days, the distress shall be ap-U praised and fold, rendering the overplus after all the charges,

to be ascertairted by the magistrate, shall be paid; and for want of such distress, such offender shall be committed to the

common gaol or house of correction for one calendar month, unless payment shall be sooner made. The penalty, if not

1 particularly disposed of, shall be paid, one moiety thereof, to the person who shall inform and prosecute; and the other moiety thereof shall be applied by the magistrate for the better carrying the said act into execution, as he shall think fit. If any person convicted shall think himself aggrieved, he may ft appeal to the next sessions.

Other regulations have been since made, altho' no assize is set, and further provisions enacted. — Every wheaten loaf shall f| be marked with a large Roman W ; houshold with a large Roman H; and if any person shall fell or offer to sale any such loaf V unmarked (except as to such loaves which shall be rasped by the desire of the purchaser for his own use) he shall forfeit for every such loaf, not exceeding 40s. nor lefts than 10s.; unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the justice to whom complaint shall be made, that the not marking arose from some unavoidable accident, or was occasioned by some contrivance

or confederacy.

t And bread made of any other grain than wheat, shall be marked with some letter or letters not more than two, as the ! justices in their general, quarter, or special sessions shall order, which order shall be entered in a book; and the justices dial 1 cause a copy to be put up in some market or other town or pub-rt lie place within the division, or otherwise to be inserted in some public newspaper.

It shall be lawful for any justice, or peace-officer authorised by warrant of such justice, to enter into any house, bakehouse. Sec. belonging to any baker or feller of bread ; and to feareh, f: view, weigh, and to try all or any bread which shall be there

1 found: And if any bread shall, on any feareh or trial by any justice, or on proof made before him by the oath of one witness, be found to be deficient in weight, or not truly marked, orde-s ficient in the due baking or working thereof, or wanting in

r the goodness of the stuff, or made with any mixture of meal

or flour of any other grain than the same shall import to be made with, or with any thing in lieu of flour, or made with any leaven not allowed by the said former act, such justice or peace-officer may seize the same, and dispose thereof to poor

F 2 persons

35

Penalty to be paid within 24 hours;

how applied.'

Power of appeal.

3 G. 3. c. 11.

Loaves to be marked.

Id,

Copy of the mark to be pub-lifted.

Id.

Search may be made.

Bread deficient

or not marked may be seized, and given to the poor.

36

3 G. 3. c. si* Penalty on obstructing fsarch. Penalty on meal-men, &c. acting herein as justice.

13 G. 3. c. 62.

Directions as to standard wheat-en bread.

Wnghtofloaves

fptc.fied.

31 G, 2. c. 29.

Restriction of sessions herein.

London, West-m'tnfter, and the two Universities, exempt.

Bread

/ \ persons as to such justice shall Teem fit; and the maker or feller shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s, ; half to the informer prosecuting to conviction ; and half asthe justices shall think lit, and order for the better carrying into execution the purposes of this act.

If any person shall obstruct or oppose any such search, or seizure of such bread, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. — No miller, mealman, or baker, shall be capable of acting as a justice in the execution of this act: if he do, he shall forfeit 50I. to him who shall inform or sue for the same.

Whereas by the 31 G. 2. c. 29. and 3 G. 3. r. 11. only two sorts of bread made of wheat are allowed to be made for sale, that is to say, Wheaten and Houshold ; and whereas according to the ancient order and custom of the realm, there hath been, from time immemorial, a standard wheaten bread, being the whole produce of the wheat whereof it was made; it is therefore enacted, that from henceforth a bread made of the flour of wheat, which flour, without any mixture or division, shall be the whole produce of the grain, the bran or hull thereof only excepted, and which shall weigh three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof it shall be made, may be made and fold, and shall be called and understood to be a standard wheaten bread. — -And the maker shall mark every loaf thereof with the capital letters S. W. and the same may be made anti fold, althe* noaflize be set, of the weight and in the proportion fallowing, viz. — That every llandard wheaten peck loaf shall weigh 171b. 6oz. averdupois; every half peck loaf 8 lb. iioz. ; and every quartern loaf 41b. 5~oz.

The justices, at any general or quarter sessions, may prohibit, for three months, the makers of bread for sale, from making or exposing to sale any other one or more sorts of bread, purporting to be of a superior quality, and sold at 2 higher price, than the llandard wheaten bread aforesaid — Provided, that no such order of prohibition shall take place, until one calendar month at leait after the date of the making thereof. And the justices shall cause a copy of such order to be put up in some market or other public town within the dif-trifl, or shall cause the same to be inserted in some public newspaper published within such di&ridl.

Coarse bread, of a cheaper fort than the llandard wheaten, may be fold, at a price under that of houshold bread.- — Nothing herein shall extend to prejudice the rights of London, Westminster, and the two Universities.

Brewers.

Original from L

r

. Brewers, Bricks Tiles,

37

Brewers.

BREWERS (in which term Publicans were anciently in--eluded) conspiring to fell their victuals at unreasonable prices, shall, on conviction in the sessions or leet, by witness, confession, or otherwise, forfeit 10I. to the king for the first offence, and if not paid in six days, be imprisoned 20 days; for the second offence 20I. in like manner or the pillory; for the third offence 40I. in like manner or the pillory, loss of an ear, and be taken as men infamous, and their oath not to be credited in a matter of judgment.

This act prevents vexatious proceedings upon the former act again!! brewers, victuallers or others, for advancing or having advanced the price of strong beer or ale, in a reasonable degree.

By this act no common brewer shall fell beer, ale, or worts, in any less quantity than in a whole calk, containing four gallons and a half, on pain of forfeiting the sum of 50I. for every such offence; to be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by virtue of any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wel!mins!er, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

2 & 3 Ed, 6 <* *5-

2 G. 3. c. 14.

32 G. 3. t.S. No common brewer to fell beer in less quantity than a whole calk, on penalty of 50I.

How penalties shall be applied.

Bricks and Tiles.

Tp VERY plain tile shall be iof inches long, 6| broad, and 17 4* < 4-

Jjy half an inch and half a quarter thick: Roof tile, 13 .

inches long, half an inch and half a quarter thick* with con- pimenfioni of

venient deepness: Gutter tile, and cover tile, io§> inches long, t,lc8*

with convenient thickness, breadth, and deepness. — If any person shall set to sale any such tile otherwise made, he /hall

forfeit to the buyer double value of the tile, and make fine and

ransom. at the king's will; to be recovered by action of debt,

with costs. And also the justices of the peace and every of

them may hear and determine offences again!! this act; who shall assess upon the offender no less fine than for every 1000

plain tiles 5s. for every 100 roof tiles 6s. 8d. and for every

|oo corner or gutter tiles 2s.

All bricks made for sale, shall, when burned, be not less G, 3. c. 42. than eight inches and a half long, two inches and a half thick. Of bricks and >nd four inches wide; and all pantiles, not less than 13 inches pantiles.

and

I

38

Bricks and Tiles.

and a half long, nine inches and a half wide, and half an inch thick: on pain that the maker shall forfeit 20s. for every 1000 bricks, and 10s. for every 1000 pantiles. — All combinations for enhancing the price of bricks or tiles, shall be void ; and every brickmaker or tile-maker offending therein, shall forfeit 20I. and every clerk, agent, or servant, 101.5 half to the poor, and half to him who shall sue in six calendar months in one of the courts of Westminster.

All other penalties and forfeitures, not herein otherwise directed, shall be recovered before one justice, within one calendar month, on proof by confession or oath of one witness ; to be levied by distress, and distributed half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender dwells ; or the justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such Poworefappeal, penalties shall be sooner paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal within four calendar month?, to the general quarter sessions, giving 21 days notice to the party complained against, and within eight days after such notice entering into recognisance to pay the costs.

Penalties how recovered end applied.

Bridges.

9 ?/. 3. e. 1. Who are compel! ab'e to make them.

II. 8. c. 5. fustices in session to enquire and determine.

11 G 2. c. 39.

Bridges must be first presented.

Id. , Repaired by county rate.

zx H. 8. c. 5. Surveyors of bridges, how appointed.

Usually the high constable.

14 G. z. e. 33. Ground may be purchased by county rate.

NO town nor freeman shall be distrained to make bridges nor banks, but such as of old time and of right have been accustomed.

The justices, or four of them at the leall, (1 shall have power to esquire, hear, and determine in the general sessions, of all manner of annoyance of bridges broken in the highways, to the damage of the Ring's liege people, and to make such process and pains upon every presentment, against such as ought to be charged to make or amend them, as the king's bench usually doth, or as it shall seem by their discretion to be necessary and convenient, for the speedy amendment of such bridges.

No money shall be applied to the repair of bridges, until presentment be made by the grand jury at the assize or sessions, of their insufficiency, inconveniency, or want of reparation.

The charges of repairing and amending bridges, and highways at the ends of bridges, shall be paid out of the general county rate.

The four justices, in sessions as aforesaid, may appoint two surveyors, with salaries, to fee the bridges amended.

This business of surveying the bridges, is usually annexed by the justices to the office of the high constables.

The justices, at their sessions, may purchase any parcel of land, adjoining or near to any county bridge, for the more commodious enlarging, or rebuilding the same, not exceeding

one

b

Original from I

British Wines, Burglary.

one acre, to be paid for by the treasurer out of the county rates*

The justices, at their general or quarter fession9, after presentment made by the grand-jury of their want of reparation, may contract with any person for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the same for any term not exceeding (even years, at a certain annual sum«

British Wines by Retail.

FROM July 5, 1788, no persons shall fell British wines for consumption in their own houses, unless such person shall also have obtained a licence for felling beer and ale.

N. B. The penalties for this offence are not here declared and specified.

Burglary.

BURGLARY is a felony at common law, in breaking and entering the mansion-house of another or outhouses, being parcel of the messuage, in the night, with intent to commit some felony within the same, whether the felonious intent be executed or not.

Every entrance intb thehouse by a trespasser, is not a breaking in this case. If the door of a mansion-house (land open, and the thief enter, this is not breaking. If the window of the house be open, and a thief with a hook or other engine draw-ethout some of the goods of the owner, this is no burglary; — but if the thief breaketh theglass of the window, and draweth out the goods, this is burglary.

Opening the casement, or breaking the glass window, picking open the lock of a door, or putting back the lock or the leaf of a window, or unlatching the door that is only latched, is burglary.

If any person shall enter into the mansion-house of another, by day or night, with breaking the same, with an intent to commit felony, or being in such house shall commit any felony, and shall in the night time break the said house to get out, he shall be guilty of burglary.

If divers come in the night to do a burglary, and one of them break and enter, the rest of them Handing to watch, at a distance, this is a burglary in all.

N. B. This includes churches, and the walls and gates of a walled town. I Haw, 103.

Every

39

I* G, 2. r. 19. Justices hw/ contract.

28 G. 3. c. 37. Ale licence to Lc obtained.

Hale's PI, 79. Burglary, what.

3 Inf. 64.

Every entrance not burglaries.

1 H. H, 55a.

12 An, c 7.

3 In ft, 64. Persons keeping watch equally guilty.

40 Burglary.

10 & ii TP. Every person, who shall apprehend any one guilty of a buf-

f* 23- glary, and prosecute him to conviction, shall have a certificate

rebendin without fee, under the hand of the judge, certifying fuchcon-

prosecuting. vision; and if any dispute arise between several persons so

discovering or apprehending, the judge shall appoint the certificate into so many shares to be divided among the persons concerned, as to him shall seem just and reasonable, — And if any person shall happen to be (lain by such burglar, in endeavouring to apprehend him, the executors or administrators of such person flain shall have the like certificate; which certificate shall be inrolled by the clerk of the peace of the county in which it shall be granted; for which he shall have is. and no more; And the said certificate shall be once assigned over; and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall by virtue thereof be discharged from all manner of parish and ward offices, within the parish and ward where the felony was committed.

5 An. c. 31. And moreover, on tender of such certificate to the sheriff,

6 G. 3. c. 23. and demand made, he shall pay to the person so intitled, the

sum of 40I. without fee or deduction, within one month after such tender and demand, on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

5 An. c. 31. If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any bur-lleward for dif- glary, and afterwards discover two or more of the like ofFen-covery of two or ders> fQ as two or more be convicted, he shall have the reward and allowance of 40I. and also all other advantages which are given to persons who shall apprehend and convict any the like offenders; and shall also have the king's pardon for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Burning.

1 Haw. 105. yTALICIOUSLY and voluntarily burning the house of felony to burn J[VJL another, by night or by day, is felony at the common lawi

4 & 5 p. fir m. £.4.

Hiring others to do it the same.

43 El. c. 13. firing hams, corn, dec.

Every person who shall maliciously command, hire, or counsel any person, wilfully to burn any dwelling-house, or any part thereof, or any barn then having corn or grain in the same, shall not have the benefit of his clergy.

Whoever shall wilfully and of malice burn, or cause to be burned, or aid, procure, or consent to the burning of any* barn, or (lack of corn or grain, within any of the counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and £>urefme, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. [See Black A#]. And justices of the peace in sessions may hear and determine the same. If any person shall, in the night time, maliciously and willingly burn, of cause to be burnt any ricks, or

' (lacks

Burning.

4*

flacks of com, hay, or grain, bams, or other houses, &c. he shall be guilty of felony, but without corruption of blood, o* difinheritauce of heirs; and the judges of assize, or three justices of the peace (1 may determine the same, so that the prosecution be within six months: and the said justices, on request of the party injured, shall issue their warrant for apprehending all such persons as shall be suspected thereof, and take their examination: and shall cause all others who to them shall seem likely to make discovery, to appear before them, and give information on oath ; and if such witness, being duly summoned, shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, they may commit him to the common gaol, till he submit to be examined upon oath; and they shall issue warrants for summoning jurors; and any person found guilty shall be transported for seven years.

Such as be taken for house burning feloniously done, are not 3 c-

bailable by justices of the peace. Offence notbail-

If any ship-officer or mariner shall wilfully burn the ship to Ann. (I. 2. which he belongeth, or procure the same to be done, to the Cm 9. prejudice of the owner of the ship or goods, he shall be guilty Burning <hip of felony without benefit of clergy. felony.

If any person shall set fire to any mill, &c. or shall, by 1 g.JI, 2.C.48. day or by night, in a riotous, open, and tumultuous, or in a 6 G. c. 16. secret and clandestine manner, forcibly, or wrongfully and maliciously, bum any wood, or springs of wood, or coppice Mill, wood, &c. wood, he shall be guilty of felony. the same*

And any two justices, or the justices in sessions, may cause 6 G. c. 16. the offender to be apprehended, and hear, and determine and Two Just,ccs adjudge the offence. a ,d

If any person shall set fire to, bum or destroy any gofs, furze, 2s c.z. e. ig* or fern, in any forest or chase without consent of theowneror Burning gofs or person chiefly entrusted with the custody of such forest or chase, how and being brought before a justice, shall be thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. half to the informer, and half to the poor; if not forthwith paid, to be levied by distress; and if no fafficient distress can be found, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

If any person shall burn or cause to be burnt, any wain or 37#. 8. r. 6. cart, laden with coals, or any merchandize, or any heap of Burning wain or wood prepared, for making coals, or billets, he shall forfeit ^ood o/coals? treble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered by action of trespass: and also 10I. as a fine to the king.

If any servant, through negligence or carelessness, shall & An. c. 31. fire or cause to be fired any dwelling house or outhouse or houses, and be thereof convicted on the oath of one witness fi^toahouse* before two justices, he shall forfeit tool, to the churchwardens of the parish where the fire shall happen, to be distributed by them to the sufferers, in such proportions as to them shall seem just ; and if he do not pay the same immediately on demand to

G the

4 2 Burning.

the churchwardens, the said justices shall commit him to some workhouse, or house of correction, for 18 montths, there to be kept to hard labour.

Threatening to Any j ustice may cause to come before him, all those, who to i fire to house, any Qf ^ pe0p]e> concerning the firing of their houses, have used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people; and, if they shall refuse to find such security, may cause them to be safely kept in the king's prisons, until they shall find such security. ; 9 G. c. 22. If any person shall fend any letter, without any name sub-

Letter to this feribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious name, threatning to effect felony. burn any house, outhouse, barn, flack of corn or grain, hay j or straw ; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Burying in Woollen. See Woollen Manufacture.

Butcher.

2 & 7 Ed. 6. c. 15.

Conspiracy of botchers, See.

3 C. c. 2. Killing or felling meaton Sunday.

1 Ja. c. 22.

No butcher to be a tinner.

IF any*butchers shall conspire not to fell their victuals but at certain prices; every such person shall forfeit for the first offence iol. to the king, and if not paid in six days, he shall suffer twenty days imprisonment, and shall have only bread and water for his sustenance; for the second offence 20I. in like manner, or the pillory; and for the third offence 40I. or pillory, and the loss of an ear, and to be taken as a man infamous, and not to be credited in any matter of judgment. — And the sessions or leet may determine the same.

if any butcher shall kill or fell any viClual on the Lord's day, he shall forfeit 6s. 8d. one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor, on conviction before one j ustice, on his own view, or confession, or oath of two witnesses, to be levied by the constable or churchwarden.

No butcher to be a tanner or a currier, on pain of 6s. 8d. a day.

N. B. This ft atut e extends likewi/e to any artificers, and work-men conspiring, upon oath, not to work, but at a certain price or rate, or not to work hut at certain hours and times.

13 & 14 C. 2. a 6.

Butter and Cheese.

EVERY person packing up butter for sale, shall set upon every firkin and calk, when the same is fully seasoned in water, a continuing visible mark of the just weight of the

This act Includes Brewers Costermongers, and Fruiterers.

(fee p. 37.), Bakers, Poulterers, Cooks,

empty

j r

Butter and Cheese.

43

empty cask; on pain of forfeiting for every offence the sum of How to *>e ten shillings for every hundred weight of butter otherwise PackeiJ* packed, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity; half to the churchwardens and overseers for the use of the poor, and half with double costs to him who shall sue for the same in sessions, within four months, by action of debt, indictment, information, or presentment.

Every kilderkin of butter shall contain 112 pounds, and Content* of fir-every firkin 56 pounds neat, or above: every pound containing ,n>

16 ounces, besides the tare of the cask, of good and merchantable butter; and every pot of butter shall contain 14 pounds neat, or above, besides the weight of the pot.

Buttons.

NO person shall fell or offer to sale, or import, any foreign buttons whatsoever; on pain that he, who shall offer them to sale, shall forfeit the same and 50I. and the importer shall forfeit the same and iool. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue. — And on complaint and information given to a justice of the peace, he shall issue his warrant to the constable, to enter and search for such manufacturee in the shops being open, or warehouses, and dwelling houses of such person s as shall be suspected, and to seize the same.

No person shall make, fell, or set on any buttons made of wood only, and turned in imitation of other buttons; on pain of forfeiting 40s. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record. — No person shall make, fell, or set on, any buttons made of cloth, serge, drugget, frize, camlet, or other stuffs of which clothes are usually made ; on pain as above.

No taylor or other person shall set on any clothes, any buttons or button-holes, made of serge, or other stuffs of which clothes are usually made; on pain of 5I. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue; or on complaint to two justices, they may summon witnesses, and levy the penalty, and return the overplus, if any be; and if any person is aggrieved, he may appeal to the next sessions.

No taylor or other person shall set on any clothes, buttons made of, or bound with, cloth, &c. (velvet excepted) on pain of 40s. a dozen. — To be determined by one justice; on oath of one witness, in three months after the offence ; and to be distributed (charges of conviction first deducted) half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be discovered ; if not paid in 14 days, the justice shall issue his warrant to the conliable to levy it by distress and sale ; and where no sufficient distress can be found, the offender shall be committed to the common goal to hard labour for three

G 2 calendar

13 14 C. 2.

t. 13.

I W. c 10. Foreign ones not to be sold or imported.

Not to be made of wood only.

or of fluff wherewith clothes are made.

8 An. c. 8. Taylor how punched.

4 G. c. 7.

One justice to determine.

44

Buttons.

Clothes with false buttons forfeited.

7 G.ft. i. e. i*. Wearer how pu-Jtished.

Power of appeal.

calendar months.r — All clothes made with such buttons and button holes, exposed to faley shall be forfeited.

No person shall use or wear on any clothes (velvet excepted) any such buttons or button-holes, on pain of 40s. a dozen, on conviction by confession, or oath of one witness; and any justice of the peace, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall inhabit, shall on complaint or information on oath, of any credible person, in one month after the offence, summon the party, and on his appearance or contempt, examine the matter; and on due proof by confession, or oath of one witness, convidl the offender, and cause the forfeiture by his warrant to be levied by distress and sale; the said penalties to be half to him on whose oath the party shall be convicted, and half to the poor of the parish, where the offence shall be committed. — And persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter sessions, giving eight days notice.

Cabbages — Stealing. See Turnips.

Candles.

25 G. 3. e. 74. Who may make them.

Id.

Entries made every week.

Id.

Notice to officers.

Id.

Penalty for not giving notice.

NO person residing within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall make candles, unless he occupy a tenement of iol. per annum, and pay parish rates for the same; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor.

By 8 Ann. c. 9. monthly entries were to be made in London and Westminster, and entries every six weeks elsewhere, by all makers of candles; which clauses are repealed ; and by this act, All persons making cfandles shall every week make a true entry of the candles made within each week, at the next office of excise, on pain of forfeiting 20I. and they shall pay and clear off all duties within one week after such entry is made.

Six hours' notice within the limits of the head office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours* notice elsewhere shall be given, before any chandler begins making candles, on penalty of 50I. if such notice is not given, and the making mull be begun within three hours of the time mentioned in the said notice, or the notice is null and void.

If any officer of excise shall discover that the making of candles is privately carried on, without notice given, and he shall discover any person knowingly assisting therein, every person fodifeoyered shall forfeit 20I. over and above all penalties that the proprietor or maker of such candles shall be liable to ; the offender to be stopt, detained, and conveyed by the said officer of excise, ai)d all other persons acting in his aid, before

one

Original frarr

Candles

45

one or more ju (lice or ju dices of the peace, who, on confession, or proof by the oath of one or more credible witness, may convict the person so discovered, who shall immediately pay the said 20I. into the hands of the officer, or shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for two months from the day of such conviction. The penalty and time of imprisonment to be doubled for the second offence.

One moiety of the penalties imposed by this act, shall be Disposal of pc-to his majesty, the other to him or them that shall inform, na,tic* discover or sue for the same. The action or suit mull be commenced within three months, with treble costs to the defendant, if the verdict shall pass in his or their favour.

By 27 G. III. c. 13. a certain duty of excise of one penny 32 G. 3. e. 7. half-penny was imposed for every pound weight avoirdupois From March2$;f of candles of tallow, and other candles whatsoever (except ‘W*' wax and spermaceti candles) made in Great Britain, and acer- fandi^of duty tain drawback of excise was granted of one penny half-penny imposed, and of for every pound weight avoirdupois of such candles (except the drawback as aforesaid) exported as merchandize to foreign parts. From a ,owed> £y lhe and after the 25th day of March 1792, one half-penny of the *£* a ' l* duty and drawback refspectively for every pound weight avoirdupois of such candles, shall be repealed; and from thenceforth the several powers and authorities given by any act or

(acts of parliament, as far as relates to the levying, collecting, and paying so much of the said duty and drawback, shall ccafe and determine.

Cards. See Stamps.

Carriers.

1 ,

ALL persons carrying goods for hire, as mailers and 1 Bac.Abr.m.

owners of ships, lightermen, ft age-coachmen, and the Who properly 10 like, come under the denomination of common carriers. celled.

The justices, in Easter sessions yearly, shall rate the prices 3 W. c. iz. of all land carriage of goods to be brought into any place within Carries price* their jurisdiction, by any common waggoner or carrier: And tated* no such carrier shall take for carriage above the fates so set, on pain of 5I. by didrefs, by warrant of two justices where such waggoner or carrier shall relide, to the use of the party grieved.

Where goods arc delivered to a carrier, and he is robbed of 1 Salk. 143. them, he shall be charged, and answer for them, by reason of Carrier answera-the hire. b,c*

If a man delivers goods to a common carrier, to carry to a j tiac.Abr. 343. ► certain place; if he loses or damages them, an action upon of d,

the case lies against him ; for by the custom of the realm, he

ought

Carriers.

46

Read. Car. Carrier arWwera-bie for his servant.

Cornyn 25.

Goods by stage-coaches.

Kelypgi 39. Carrier may sue as for his own.

ought to carry them safely. — If a person, who is no common carrier, takes upon himself to carry my goods, tho' I promise him no reward, yet, if my goods are loll or damaged by his default, I shall have an action against him.

A delivery to the.carrier's servant is a delivery to the carrier ; and if goods are delivered to a carrier's porter, and loft, an action will lie against the carrier.

By the custom and usage of stage coaches, every passenger uses to pay for the carriage of goods above such a weight; and in such case, the coachman shall be charged for the loss of goods beyond such weight.

Where goods are stolen from the carrier, he may prefer an indictment against the felon, as for his own goods.

Carrots. See Turnips.

[7he penalty fer stealing carrots is the same as that for Jlealing turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, and pease: which are treated of together under the title Turnips.]

Carts, Wains, Waggons, See.

23 G. 3. c. 66. T>Y an act of 23 G. 3. c. 66. certain rates and duties JD were charged upon every person who should keep any waggon, wain, or cart, or other such carriage with threeorfour wheels, or any cart or other carriage with two wheels, (except such carriages as were then charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of Excise), and the said rates and duties were placed under the receipt and management of the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper: and by another act, 25 G. 3. c. 47. the receipt and management of the said recited rates and duties were transferred from the said commiflkmers of (lamps to the of for the affairs of taxes, and further provisions were made for levying, collecting, and securing the said recited rates and duties. From and after the fifth day of April 1792, the several rates and duties granted by the said act 1792, the dunes of the 23d year of his present majesty, shall cease and deter-ftTi?0recited ad m^ne > and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities \-j cease. given and granted, and the rules and regulations established

and prescribed by the said recited act of the 25th year of his present majesty, for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said rates and duties, and all penalties in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine ; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid.

N. B.

23 G. 3. c. 47.

32 G. 3. c. 4. From April 5,

Cattle. 47

j N. B. The owner of every cart, dray. Sec. within five Nams and I miles of Temple Bar, or within the b'lUs of mortality, shall c®

I write his name and place of abode, at the Hackney Coach- ln cr,tK I Ofice, and affix his name, and the number of the carriage, on I some conspicuous part thereof, or be subject. to all the penalties j of the laws relative to owners of carts, &c.

Cattle.

NO person shall buy an ox, cow, calf. Sec. and fell the 3^4 fid. 6. same again alive, in the same market, or fair, on pain »9*

I of forfeiting double, half to the king, and half to him that

shall sue.-This is not repealed by 12. G. 3. r. 71.

If any person shall feloniously drive away, or (leal, or shall *\G. 2. c. 6.

I wilfully kill any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer, bullock, hei-J fer, sheep, or lamb, with a felonious intent to ileal the whole catt|^8 J carcase, or any part thereof, or shall assist in committing any I such offence, he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of I clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecute to Reward to pro-] conviction any offender, shall have 10I. reward ; to be paid fecute. j by the sheriff, within a month, on his producing a certificate I from a judge. See also Black Afi,

Any peace officer may secure persons driving cattle through 21 G. 3. c. 67* theflreets of London, or Westminster, or the liberties thereof, .

.1 See. in an improper manner. If the party be convicted before . J e m ,f~ I ajuflice, he shall forfeit from 5s. to 20s. to the prosecutor; or be committed to the house of correction, Sec. for one month.

The same penalty against the owner or his servant. — Any juf-I rice within the bills of mortality may determine complaints of J offences against any rules to be made by the court of aldermen. -I In pursuance of this act, the said justice is hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, within 3 six days after the commission of any such offence, to issue his warrant under his hand and seal, to apprehend such offender I or offenders ; and if the party be convicted, he may fine him,

I and the offender not paying the penalty, may be committed to , the house of correction, to hard labour, for any time not ex*i 1 ceeding one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid ; which shall be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and prosecute to conviction any such , offender or offenders. — Offenders, who refuse to discover their names and places of abode, shall be committed to the common gaol for one month, or until he, she, or they, shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode,* to the said justice, or to some other justice of the peace of the said county or place. — An abstract of the penalties contained ia this act, and of all rules. Sec, shall be made by the court of

aldermen.

48

Certiorari.

aldermen, and be printed and affixed upon the tfioft conspicti — ous places within the said cities of London and Westminster*, and liberties thereof. — No person shall suffer any punishment for any offence committed against: this act, unless the prosecution for the same be commenced within fourteen days.- — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving i 4-days notice.

✓ - -

Certiorari.

Certiorari de- a CERTIORARI is an original writ, issuing out of tfoe tended. Jl\. court of chancery, or the king's bench, directed in the king's name to the judges or Officers of inferior courts, commanding them to certify, or to return the records of acause depending before them, to the end the party may have the more sure and speedy justice, before the king or such justices as he shall assign to determine the cause.

Dalt. c, 195. The justices of the peace may deliver or fend into the king's bench, indictments found before them, or recognizances of the peace taken before them, or force recorded by them, without any certiorari.

Raym. 469,580. A certiorari lies in all judicial proceedings, in which a writ of error does not lie ; and it is a consequence of all inferior jurisdictions erected by act of parliament to have their proceedings returnable in the king's bench, a Haw. 286. And therefore a certiorari lies to justices of the peace, even in such cases which they are impowered by statute tinally to hear and determine.

2 Haw. 294. ]f a certiorari for the removal of an indictment before juf-del1- t^ces Peace be not delivered, before the jury be sworn

July is sworn. the trial of it\ the justices may proceed.

13C.1. c. 18.' No certiorari shall be granted, to remove any conviction, Must be applied judgment. Scc. unless it is applied for in six calendar months, and six days notice are given to the justices, to shew cause, if they think fit, against issuing the certiorari.

If a supersedeas come out of a superior court, to the justices, they ought to surcease, altho' the supersedeas be awarded against iaw; for they are not to dispute the command of a superior court, which is a warrant to them.

Every return of a certiorari ought to be under seal. — And altho' the custos rotulorumkeep the records, yet must the justices to whom it is directed, return the certiorari; and therefore if it is directed to the justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace only return it, nothing is thereby removed.

A return was in paper (and not upon parchment); and for that reason was held by the court not good.

Upon a certiorari to remove an indictment of a riot, or forcible entry, or the like, the return must have these words, as

also

for in nx months.

Crom. 129.

Efrett of super-jedcas.

Haw. 294. Certiorari co be returned by justices,

lBarnardif.li 3 upon parchment.

Dalt. 195.

L E

by

Cheat.

I

Cheat. 49

elf to hear and determine divers felonies, &c. according to the Joyces defer!-commission ; for if the return mentions only that they are juf- bed* tices of the peace, without such words, the return is inefficient.

For the mode of return of a certiorari (a matter not often

before a single magistrate), See Burn, in locum.

Cheat.

CHEATS, v/hich are punishable by the common law* may j Haw. 188.

in general be described to be deceitful practices, in de- Cheats deicri-frauding, or endeavouring to defraud, another of his known bed* right, by means of some artful device, contrary to the plain rules of common honesty.

If any person shall falsely or deceitfully obtain, or get 33 8* c\

into his hands or possession, any money, goods. Scc. of any H^ftPr°Vide other person, by colour, and means of any false privy token, or counterfeit letter. Sec. and shall be convicted thereof, by examination of witnesses, or confession, at the assizes or felfi-ons, or by action in any court of record, he shall have such punishment by imprisonment, pillory, or other corporal pain (except death) as the court shall appoint. Saving to the party grieved such remedy, by action or otherwise, for the goods so obtained, as he might have had by the common law.

And two justices (i Q.) may call and convene, by process or otherwise, to the assize or sessions, any person suspected, and commit or bail him to the next assizes or sessions.

All persons obtaining goods, money, or merchandize, by 30 G. c. 24. false pretences, shall be deemed offenders against the law, and False pretenet*, the public peace; and the court, before whom any such offender shall be tried, shall, on conviction, order them to be put in the pillory, or publickly whipped, or to be transported, as soon as conveniently may be, for seven years. — -And if the party, charged as being the offender, shall be committed to prison, or admitted to bail, to answer the matters complained of at the next sessions or assizes, the justice shall bind over the prosecutor to appear and prosecute such offender with effect; and if such goods, so fraudulently obtained, appear to such justice to exceed the value of 20I. the recognizance shall be in not less than double the value of the goods.

For further particulars > fee Pawning.

c-

i

p

H

Characters

5°

32 G. 3. c. 56. Ill effects of false characters.

Persons giving them liable to be punished.

Perfops falsify-ing aoout servant's hiring,

or about servants' discharge.

Servants giving false accounts.

Servants pretending not to have served.

Charaflers of Servants.

MANY false and counterfeit characters of servants having either been given personally, or in writing, by evil disposed persons being, or pretending to be, the matter, mif-tress, retainer, or superintendant of such servants, or by persons who have actually retained such servants in their respective service, contrary to truth and justice, and to the peace and security of his majesty's subjects: and the evil herein complained of being not only difficult to be guarded against, but also of great magnitude, and continually increasing, and no sufficient remedy having hitherto been applied: From and after the iirtt day oijuly 1792, if any person or persons shall falsely personate any matter or inittrefs, or the executor, adminif-trator, agent, or servant of any such matter or mittrefs, and shall either personally, or in writing, give any false, forged, or counterfeited charaCler to any person offering him or herself to be hired as a servant into the service of any person or persons, every such person or persons so offending shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant has been hired or retained for any period of time whatsoever, or in any station or capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in which he, she, or they shall have hired or retained such servant, such person or persons, so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the penalty and punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant was discharged or left his, her, or their service at any other time than that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such service, or that any such servant had not been hired or Employed in any previous service, contrary to truth, then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person shall offer himself or herself as a servant, afferting or pretending that he or she hath served in any service in which such servant shall not attually have served, or with a false, forged, or counterfeit certificate of his or her character, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons having before been in service, shall, when offering to hire himself, herself, or themselves as a servant or servants in any service whatsoever, falsely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous ferrvice

b)

Characters of Servants.

vice as a servant, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall be convicted of any or either of the offence or offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their con-session, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace for the county, &c. where the offence or offences shall have been committed, (which oath such justices are hereby impowered and required to administer), every such offender or offenders shall forfeit the sum of 20I. one moiety to the person informing, and the other moiety thereof for the use of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall have been committed ; persons not paying the penalty with cods, or tiot giving notice of appeal, &c. may be committed to the house of correction, or some other prison of the county, &c. there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, or until he or she pay the said sum so forfeited, together with the cods and charges.

The informer shall be deemed and taken to be a good and competent witness in law, notwithstanding he shall be entitled to a part of the penalty.

Offenders discovering accomplices before information, shall be indemnified ; if any servant or servants, who shall have been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, shall, before any information has been given or lodged against him, her, or them, for such offence, discover and inform against any person or persons concerned with him, her, or them, in any .offenceagaind this act, so as such offender or offenders be con-tided of such offence in manner aforesaid, every such servant ft servants, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon he c'ifcharged and indemnified of, from, and againdall penalties and punishments, to which, at the time of such information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this act.

Juliices may cause convictions to be drawn up in the following form:

Be it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. Z>. is convicted before us two of his ma-

jesty's justices of the peace for the county of

[Specifying the ojj'ence and the time and place when and where the Jame was committed, as the case shall be. ] Given under our hands and Teals, the day and year aforesaid.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session, where

32 G. 3. c. 56.

Conviction before two justices.

Penalty 20I.

Application

penalty.

of

Commitment not paid.

if

Informers competent witnesses.

Offenders giving information, indemnified.

Form of conviction.

th? matter may be finally determined in a summnry way, and Lch colls awarded to the parties appealing or appealed againfc the juliices shall think proper ; and no conviction or order -.ill be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari.

H 2 Chelsea*

Power of appeal.

gie

Chimney Sweepers,

Chelsea-Pensioners.

i . ' t \

ALL out-pensioners (as well lettermen as others) belonging to Chelsea hospital, and living at a greater distance than 25 miles from London, after every 25th of June and December, till further orders, are required forthwith to apply themselves to one of his majesty's justices of the peace in the neighbourhood where they reside, and make the following affidavit, which the said magistrate will sign and date, viz.

came before me one of his majesty 9s

justices of the peace for the county of , and made oath that he was admitted an out-pensioner of Chelsea-College, on the day of 17 from the regiment of commanded by was then aged about years,- — *

cl be said served in the army years ; was

discharged for and is no otherwise provided for by the

Government, but as a pensioner of the said College ; and now lives in the parish of in the county of Sworn before'me

this day of 17

To be put in a cover, and directed to the Right Hon, the Pay-- master General, Horse-Guards, London.

A duplicate or counterpart of the said affidavit so signed and dated, is to be reserved by the out-pensioners, and exhibited to the persons appointed to pay them.

N. B. As it is probable that this matter may frequently come before a magistrate, the Editor has thought the above might with propriety be inserted for his satisfaction, tho' not under the sanction of a public ad.

Chelsea penfi-oners' conduct pointed out.

Chimney Sweepers,

28 G. 3. c. 48.

At what age hound.

Age inserted,

BY this act, from and after the fifth day of July, 1788, churchwardens and overseers of the poor, withconsent of two justices, may bind or put out any boy, who is of the age of eight years, or upwards, and who is chargeable, or whose parents are chargeable to the parish, or who shall beg for alms; or with the consent of the parent or parents of such boy, to be apprentice to any person exercising the trade of a chimney sweeper, until such boy shall attain to the age of 16 years; and such binding shall be as effectual in the law, as if such boy was of full age, and by indenture had bound himself an apprentice.

The age of the apprentice shall be inserted in the indenture, being taken truly from the copy of the entry in the parish register, where the same may be had, attested by the mi-pifter of such parish, without fee or reward, upon paper or

parchment^

1 j

2

5

i

i

3

:i

l

J

S

1

1

i

I

I ]

Chimney Sweepers,

parchment, without any (lamp or mark; and where no such copy of such boy being baptized can be had, such justices of the peace shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of his age, and from such information shall insert the same in the said indenture, and the age of such boy or boys, so inserted in the said indenture, shall be taken to be his true age.

The indenture shall be made and written out according to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, and the lame shall not be charged with or liable to the payment of any higher (lamp duty, than is now charged upon indentures for binding out poor children by their respective parishes.

All indentures hereafter to be made for taking any boy as an apprentice or servant employed as a climbing boy or chimney sweeper, who shall be under the age of eight years, shall be absolutely void; and every person who shall from henceforth take or keep any such boy as an apprentice or servant employed as a climbing boy or chimney sweeper, who shall be under the age of eight years, and being convicted thereof, shall forfeit for every such apprentice or servant, any sum not exceeding iol. nor less than $1.

The overseers of the poor of every township or village shall and may From time to time, within such township, perform and execute all the acts hereby directed to be done or executed by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of a parish or place.

One or more justice or justices may hear and determine complaints between mailers and apprentices, and may make such orders therein respectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by law to do in other cases between mailers and apprentices.

No person exercising the trade of a chimney sweeper, shall retain or employ any more than fix apprentices at one and the same time; and the name of every person so taking an apprentice, and also the place of his or her abode, shall be marked or put upon a brass plate, to be set or affixed in the front of a leathern cap, which every mailer or millrefs shall provide for each such apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his duty; and every mailer or millrefs shall forfeit for every apprentice so retained or employed by hin* or her beyond the number limited by this act, or for neglecting to provide every such apprentice with such leathern cap, and brass plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her name and place of abode as aforesaid, any sum not exceeding iol. nor less than 5I.

Jf any such mailer or millrefs shall misuse or evil treat his or her apprentice, or if the said apprentice shall have any just cause to complain of the breach of any of the covenants in such indenture, such mailer or millrefs, being convicted thereof, shall forfeit for every such offence, not exceeding iol. nor less than 5I.

53

1

28 G. 3. c. *3.

Duty as of parish indenture.

In what case void.

Overseers may

ad alone.

One justice may hear and determine.

Limited numter of apprentices.

Brass plate.

Ill treatment of apprentice.

54 Chimney Sweepers.

Not to be let out No chimney sweeper shall let out to hire, or lend by the to hire. day or otherwise, to any other person for the purpose of

sweeping chimneys, any apprentice; nor shall cause such boy or boys to call the streets before seven of the clock in the Time of calling, morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-Day, nor before five of the clock in the morning, norafter twelve of the clock at noon, between Lady-Day and Michaelmas, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence, any sum not exceeding 10I. nor less than 5I. Convictions be- All convictions for penalties, imposed by this act, shall be tore whom. made before one or more justice or justices of the peace acting for the county, city, town, or division, where such offence was committed, either by confedion of the offender, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses: such justice or justices, upon complaint made to him or them thereof, may summon the person or persons so offending before him or them, to answer such complaint, in such manner as he or they is and are authorized to do, in any other matter cognizable before a magistrate.

Application of All penalties and forfeitures for any offence, neglect, or penalties. default against this act, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of one or more such justice or justices of the peace, where such offence, neglect, or default shall happen; rendering the overplus, if any, to the party, aftei; deducting the charges of making the same; and the penalties and forfeitures, costs and charges, shall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the overseers of the poor of the parish. Sec. where the master or mistress of such apprentice shall dwell; and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs and charges shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices, b^ warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, -may commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction,' for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalties, costs or charges, shall be f oner paid.

Warrant of dif- Mo warrant of distress shall be issued until six days after the conviction ; nor shall any distress be deemed unlawful for want of form, in any proceedings relating thereto.

No plaintiff shall recover for any irregularity, if tender of fufneient amendsNhall have been made.

The justice or justices of the peace where the offence shall be committed, is and are hereby impowered to administer the oaths by this act required to be taken.

PowerofAppea!, Any person aggrieved by any thing done by arjv justice or justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden for the county. See. wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, having first entered into a recognizance, with sufficient surety, before such justices, to

prosecute

Chimney Sweepers.

prosecute and abide by the order that shall be made on such appeal, and also giving to the said justice notice in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, within six days after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen.

The Schedule to wuhich the A3 refers.

This indenture made the day of

in the year of the reign of our sovereign Lord Form of inde*-

George the Third, by the grace of God, of Great-Britain,

France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, See. and in the year of our Lord

between A. B. and C. D. churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the county of

[or E. F. the father or next friend of the boy to be placed out, as the case-may be] of the one part: and of the parish of

in the county of chimney sweeper, of the

other part: Witnesseth, that the said churchwardens and

overseers of the poor [or the said E. F. as the case may be] by, and with the consent and approbation of G. H. and I. K. two of his majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division [as the case may be] signified as hereunder written, have

put, bound, and by these presents do put and bind

a poor boy of the said parish, township, or place, being of the age of years [as

the case may be] to be apprentice to the said

he being his firtt, second, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth apprentice [as the case may be] to learn the trade, business, art and mystery of a chimney sweeper, and with him [or her] to dwell, remain, and serve from the day of the date of these presents, for and during the term of years,

from hence next ensuing, fully to-be cotnpleat and ended, during all which time he the said apprentice,

his said matter [or mittrefs] faithfully shall serve and obey, his [or her] secrets keep, and his [or her] lawful commands every where gladly do and perform ; he shall not haunt ale-houses or gaming-houses, nor absent himself from the service of his said matter [or mittrefs] day or night, without his [or her] leave, but in all things as a faithful apprentice shall behave himself towards his said matter [or mittrefs] and all his [or herfs] during the said term : And the said

in consideration of the good will which he [or (he] hath and beareth towards the said apprentice, and of the faithful service so to be performed by him, doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said E. F. as the case may be] that he [or (he] the said his [or her]

said apprentice, in the art or mystery of a chimney (weeper,

which

r

56 Chimney Sweepers.

which he [or she] now useth, shall and will teach and instruct, or cause to be taught and instructed, in the best manner that he [or die] can, and shall and will provide and allow unto the said apprentice, during all the said term, competent and sufficient meat, drink, washing, lodging, apparel, and all other things necessary for the said apprentice; and that the said executors, administrators, or

assigns, shall not nor will assign over this present indenture, or the apprentice to be bound thereby, without the consent and approbation, in writing, of two or more such justices of the peace, to be signified according to the form of the approbation hereunder written. And whereas, from the nature of the business or employment of a chimney sweeper, it is necessary for the boys, employed in climbing, to have a dress particularly suited to that purpose, which dress is only fit for that part of the occupation ; the said

doth hereby also covenant, promise, and agree to and with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor, [or the said E. F. as the case may be] to find and allow such suitable dress for the said apprentice, as often as need or occasion shall be and require, and provide for and deliver to the said apprentice, once in every year at least, during the term aforesaid, over above the said dress proper for climbing, one whole and compleat fuic of cloathing, with suitable linen, (lockings, hats, and shoes: and further, that the said

shall and will, at least once in every week, cause the said apprentice to be thoroughly cleansed from foot and dirt, and shall and will require the said apprentice to attend the public worship of God on the Sabbath-day, and permit and allow him to receive the benefit of any other religious inllruttion ; and that the said apprentice shall not wear hi* sweeping dress on that day: and that the said

shall not, nor will compel or oblige the said apprentice to call the streets, or any other places, before seven of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-day, nor before five . of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve of the clock at noon, between Lady-day and Michaelmas; and that the said

shall not, nor will at any time during the said term, let out his [or her] said apprentice for hire by the day, night, or otherwise, to any other person or persons exercising or using the said trade, nor shall the said

or any person or persons whomsoever by his [or her] directions* require or force him the said apprentice to climb or go up any chimney which shall be actually on fire, nor make use of any violent or improper means to force him to climb or go up any such chimney ; but shall in all things treat his [or her] said apprentice with as much humanity and care as the nature of the employment of a chimney sweeper will admit of In witness. &c.

Form

LI

Church and Chur cYl-Yard.

t

b

fa

IK

a

a:

r

k

'ti-

lt

t

i-

k

i*

r

p

fc

f!‘-

fc

p

*. it-

P

i

h

I*

fc *:

I!'

i

We, the above named G. H. arid X. "R . two of his majes-ty*s jaftices of the peace a&uig \n and for the county, riding, town, borough, or division [as the case may be] having in-spe&ed and examined the above-named

[the boy to be placed out or aligned over] do hereby consent to and approve of his being bound [or a£-signed over] as an apprentice to the above-named

[the mailer or mistress] according to the terms and stipulations expressed in the above written indenture.

Church and Church-Yard.

IN cities and towns corporate, the bishop (with the consent of the mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and of the patron) may unite two churches or chapels; and make order, with the like consent, that the patrons present by turns, having regard to the value of the living united; and the incumbents thereof shall be graduates.

No fairs nor markets shall be kept in church-yards.

If any person shall, by words only, quarrel, chide, or brawl, in any church or church-yard, the ordinary (on proof of two witnesses) may suspend every layman, being an offender, ab ingrejfu tccltfi* \ and every clergyman from the ministration of his office, so long as he shall think meet. — If any shall finite* or lay violent hands on another in any church or church-yard, he shall be deemed, ipso fafio, excommunicate, and be excluded from the fellowship and company of Christ's congregation. And if convicted thereof, or even of drawing any weapon with intent to strike, by verdict of 12 men, or confession, or by two witnesses, before the judges of assize, or justices of the peace in their sessions, he shall be adjudged to have one of his ears cut off; and if be have no ears, he shall be burned in the cheek with a hot iron, having the letter F. whereby he may be known and taken for a Fray-maker and Fighter; and he shall also (land, ipso fatto, excommunicate.

He, who Heals goods belonging to a parish-church; may be indicted for dealing the goods of the parishioners.

. r

. I

Churchwardens*

CHURCHWARDENS shall be chosen annually in Eafief-week, by the joint consent of the minister and parishi-oners; or the minister shall chuse one; and the parishioners another.

I But

57

28 G* 3. r* 48. Form of approbation by two ju dices.

17 Car. 2. c. 3.

Uniting of churches.

12 Ed. 1;

No fain or markets in churchyards.

5 & 6 Ed. 6* c. 4.

No quarrels in church or church-yards.

Penalty, 18ft of an ear, if he hit any, 2nd excommunication.

t Ha*v. 94. Can. 89.

When chosen, and by whom appointed.

Gibs.Codex, 242. Persons exempted.

2 RoWs Abr 272.

6 c. 4.

18 G. 2. c. 15. X JT. r. 18.

10 11 IV.

c, 23.

2 G. 3. r. 20. 243.

5 Co. 67.

L. 54. Church rates. By whom made*

Wood, b.i. c.J,

Par. L, 55. Parish-book of accounts.

5 Co. 67. Church Repairs.

Dtgge 172. Appeal against Rate,

Gibf, 219.

171. Quaker refilling.

Soil of the Church.

Repair of it. Disposal of feats*

43 EL c. 2.

Churchwarden,

overseer.

Gibf, 243.

Oath abridged.

Churchwardens,

But if there is a custom for the parishioners to chafe both, that cullom shall continue.

A counsellor or attorney ought not to be chosen churchwarden ; and if he is, he may have a prohibition, by reafoa of his attendance on the courts at Westminster.

Apothecaries, who have served seven years, shall be exempted from the office of churchwarden.

Freemen of the corporation of surgeons in London are exempted.

Also dissenting teachers or preachers, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders.

All persons, who have prosecuted a felon toconviction, and the first assignee of the certificate thereof, are exempted.

No private man, personally serving for himself in the militia, during the time of such service, shall be liable to serve as churchwarden.

A person chosen churchwarden, refusing to take his office, and oath, may be excommunicated for the refusal; and no prohibition will lie.

The rates must be made with the consent of the major part of the parishioners, housekeepers, or occupiers of land. — .In order to which, public notice of a vestry ought to be given the Sunday before, either in the church after divine service is ended, or else at the church-door as the parishioners come out.

Those that pay no church rates, shall have no vote in affairs relating to it, except it be the rettor or vicar.

It is most convenient, that every parish act there be entered in the parish-books of accounts, and every man's hand consenting to it be set thereto; for then it will be a certain rule for the churchwardens to go by.

The rates for the repair of the church shall be laid upon every occupier of lands in the parish, altho' such occupier live in another parish.

If any person find himself aggrieved at the inequality of the assessment, his appeal must be to the ecclesiastical judge.

If any refuse to pay the rates, being demanded by the churchwardens, they are to be sued for them in the ecclesiastical courts.

A quaker, refusing to pay church rates, may be sued, as other parishioners' in the ecclesiastical court; or he may be prosecuted before the justices of the peace, in the same manner as for his tithes.

The foil and freehold of the church is the parson's; the use of the body of the church, and the repair of it, common to the parishioners,. and the disposing of the feats the right of the ordinary.

Every churchwarden is an overseer of the poor, although every overseer of the poor is not a churchwarden.

The churchwardens' oath, as agreed on between the civilians and common lawyers.

You

fr

mm

Churchwardens.

59

You shall Jvoear truly and faithfully to execute the office of a churchwarden within your parish, and, according to the best of your /kill and knowledge, present such things and persons t as to your knowledge are presentable by the laws ecclesiastical of this realm. So help you God, and the contents of this book.

The churchwarden, or the constable, shall levy the penalties for persons exercising their worldly calling on the Lord's Day.

The churchwardens shall fee the parishioners resort to church, and continue there orderly, during divine service ; and shall present the defaulters.

They shall levy the forfeiture of isd. a Sunday, on the goods of persons not coming to church.

They shall collett money on charity briefs, on pain of 20I. They shall not suffer any idle persons to abide either in the church-yard or church-porch, during the time of divine service, or preaching ; but shall cause them to come in, or to depart.

They shall, at the charge of the parish, with the advice and direction of the minister, provide bread and wine against the communion.

They shall carry hawkers and pedlars trading without licence, before a justice of the peace.

At the end of the year, or within a month after at most, they shall, before the minister and parishioners, at a vestry, give up a just account of such money as they have received, and also what they have particularly bellowed in reparations, and otherwise, for the use of the church ; and shall deliver up to the parishioners the money and parish goods in their hands, to be delivered over by them to the next churchwardens.

29 C. 2. c. 7, May act as constable,

Can. 90. Absentees from Church to be presente<), and to be fined.

1 El. c. 2. Briefs.

4 An. c» 14* Can. 19.

Idle persons to be noticed.

Can. 20.

Bread and wine to be provided.

9 G? 10 TV. c. 27.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Can. 89*

Render accounts.

Clergy.

CLERGYMEN are liable to the poor rates, for their glebe 4^El. c. % and tithe. For what liable

No clergyman shall take to farm any lands (except he have to not sufficient glebe for the expences of his houshold) ; on pain p*0^'b*ited of 10I. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue. farm.

No clergyman shall buy to fell again any cattle, com, or any merchandize ; on pain of treble value, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue : and the contract shall be void.

Benefit of Clergy.

ANCIENTLY princes and Hates, converted to Chri/lia- Exemption of nity, did grant to the clergy very bountiful privileges and exemptions; and particularly, an exemption of their per- pr

12 fons

O

6o

Benefit of Clergy.

Qualified and abridged.

a H,H. 335. When excluded.

19 G, 3. f. 47.

Fine instead of branding.

Fewer of commitment retained.

% H, H. 388. Goods forfeited and teftored.

2 Haw, 365.

Tons from criminal proceedings, in some capital cases before secular judges; which was the true original of the benefit of clergy. But this claim of exemption grew so burden some, that it was from time to time qualified and abridged by the civil power; and therefore, if they were indicted in cases cri- minal, but not capital, nor wherein they were to lose life or limb, there the privilege of clergy was not allowed ; and there-J fore not in indictments of trespass or petit larceny. Alio it was not allowed them in high treason.

If the statute enacts generally, that it shall be felony without benefit of clergy, or that he shall suffer as in case of felony, without benefit of clergy, this excludes it in all circumstances,-and to all intents.

When any person shall be convicted of any felony within the benefit of clergy, for which he shall be liable to be burned in the hand, the court may, if they think fit, instead thereof, impose upon the offender a moderate pecuniary fine ; or other- J wife, instead of such burning, in any of the cases aforesaid, except manslaughter, may order the offender to be once, or oftner, but not more than thrice, either publicly or privately whipped, such private whipping to be in the presence of not less than two persons, besides the offender and officer who in- 1 flicts the same; and in case of female offenders, in the presence t of females only. Provided, that this shall not extend to deprive the court of the power now vested in them, of detaining I such offender in prison for any time not exceeding one year, 1 or of committing him to the house of correction or other pub- 1 lie workhouse, to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than six months, nor exceeding two years.

A person admitted to his clergy, forfeits all his goods that i| he hath at the time of the conviction. But presently, upon his burning in the hand, he ought to be restored to the posses- fion of his lands, and from thenceforth to enjoy the profits thereof.

And itisholden, that after a man is admitted to his clergy, it is actionable to call him felon ; because his offence being pardoned by the statute, all the infamy, and other confluences of it, are discharged. ±

7 TV. e, 71.

By whom appointed.

U.

Office may not be fold.

1 IV, c. tu

Clerk of the Peace.

THE custos rotulorum shall appoint an able and sufficient person, residing in the county or division, to execute the office of clerk of the peace.

But shall not fell the place of clerk of the peace, or take any bond or other assurance to receive any reward, fee, or profit, directly or indirectly, for such appointment.

Every clerk of the peace, before he enters upon the execution

6i

Clerk of the Peace.

tioB of his office, shall in open sessions take the oath follow-

er

I, A, B. do swear, that I have not, nor will pay any sum ' orfums of money, or other reward whatsoever, nor give any ta bond or other assurance to pay any money, fee, or profit, u directly or indirectly, to any person or persons whomsoever, €t for such nomination and appointment: So help me God."

He shall moreover take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, and perform the other requisites, as other persons who qualify for offices.

The clerk of the peace shall certify into the king's bench, the names of such as be outlawed, attainted, or convicted of felony.

He shall deliver to the sheriff, within twenty days after September 29, yearly, a perfect estreat or schedule of all fines, and other forfeitures in sessions. And shall also yearly, on or before the second Monday after the morrow of All Souls, deliver into the court of exchequer, upon oath, a perfect duplicate, and certificate, of all such estreats and schedules delivered to the sheriffs ; on pain of 50I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

If any clerk of the peace shall misdemean himself in the execution of his office, and thereupon a complaint and charge in writing of such misdemeanor shall be exhibited against him, to the justices in sessions, the said justices may, on examination and due proof thereof openly in the said sessions, fcfpend or discharge him from the said office 5 and in such case, the custos rotulorum shall appoint another able and sufficient person, re-fidingin the said county or division, to be clerk of the peace. And in case of refusal or neglect to make such appointment, before the next general quarter sessions, the justices in sessions may appoint one.

Coaches.

FOR every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, kept by any person for his own use, or employed in carrying passengers for hire, shall be paid yearly the sum of 5I. — All the said rates and duties, and all forfeitures and offences, shall be determined by the commissioners of excise (or of appeals, in case of appeal) within the limits of the chief office in London ; and elsewhere, by two justices near; who shall, on complaint upon oath, summon the party; and, on his appearance or contempt, may examine the fad, and on proof thereof, either by confession, or oath of one witness, give judgment, and issue warrants for levying penalties by distress and sale (if pot redeemed in 14 days); which shall be employed (all ne-

ceflary

Oath#

34 35 H. 8.

c. 14.

Outlaws, &c. certified.

22 & 23 C, 24

c, 22.

Schedule of fines to be delivered.

I 1 C, 21*

Penalty for mif-conduct.

By whom vacancy to be supplied.

16 G, 3. c. 344 Annual tax.

Commissioner't

duty.

Justices' duty.

Application of penalty.

6 2

Coaches.

How long distress may be detained.

Appeal, if aggrieved.

*5 G. 3. c. 47.

Additional duty*

cefiary charges first deduced*) half to the use of the king, and half to the informer : And for want of sufficient distress, they may imprison the party till satisfaction is made.

But if the justices will proceed, or shall be compelled by mandamus, or otherwise, so to do; they must remember withal, that, by the 27 G. 2. c. 20, they may not order the distress to be detained more than eight days, nor less than four.

Persons aggrieved by the determination of the justices, may appeal to the next quarter sections.

For every coach, landau, or other four-wheeled carriage, (except hackney coaches) shall be paid from July 5, 1785, the sum of 7I. per annum ; for every calalh, chaise, or other carriage, with two or three wheels, 3I. 10s. per annum.

29 G* 3. c. 4$i Every carriage, with two or three wheels, by whatever name they are now or hereafter may be called, drawn by one or more Jiorfes, which shall be used at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally in the affairs of husbandry, merchandize, or for the carriage of goods, &c. shall be deemed a carriage within the meaning of the act of the 25th G. 3. and paid for accordingly, under a penalty of 7I. for every carriage so used.

The duties to be no longer under the management of of of excise and of stamps, but under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes.

Transferring

aft.

Coach-Makers.

EVERY coach-maker in Great-Britain is required to take out a licence annually, paying 20s. for the same.

No coach, chaise. &c. is to be made (on a penalty of 10I.) till the maker has taken out such licence either at the excise-office in London, or under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise in their respective districts, te whom the duties shall be paid: In Scotland, either at Edinburgh, or where the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall appoint.

The licence is to be renewed ten days before the expiration of the preceding one.

Not more than one licence is to be taken out for one house. On the death of any licensed coach-maker, the executor's wife, or child, may aft by virtue of such licence to the expiration of the term.

A duty of 20s. is to be paid for every four-wheeled, and of ios. for every two-wheeled carriage made for sale ; and an ac-Account of car- count is to be delivered by every coach-maker, on oath, every nages made and weeks, of every carriage made and fold ; and all the duties for such carriages shall be paid off to the of, if in

London,

The same distribution shall be made of the penalties for other offences of this kind, in the articles of Candles, Tea, Coffee, Glass, &c.

25 G. 3. e* 49.

License to be taken out. Penalty for ne-gleft.

Licence renewed.

Original fro NEW.YORK PUBLI

Coach-Makers.

London or Edinburgh ; and in other places, to the collector or supervisor of excile within the district (who is hereby empowered to administer the oath), on penalty of such coach-maker's forfeiting 20I.

The penalties and forfeitures are to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or if incurred in Scotland, in the courts of exchequer there. To be determined, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, by any three or more of of excise ; and in case of appeal by the of of appeals for the time being, whose judgment shall be final; in all other parts of Great Britain by two neighbouring justices: from whom the party aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions. The of and justices, on complaint or information upon oath, which they are hereby authorised to administer, are to summon the party accused, and on appearance, or contempt of the person fosummoned, upon due proof by one or more credible witness, to hear, and give judgment thereon, and issue warrants ofdif-tress, if need be, and cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within 14 days, rendering the overplus, if any, orimprison the party offending till satisfaction be made.

The duties appointed by this act, as well on licences as on carriages newly made, are to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer.

No action or suit shall be commenced, but within three months next after the offence, nor any where but in the same county, and treble costs shall be allowed the defendant, if the verdidfc shall be given in his favour.

N. B. No direction seems given in this adi for the application of the penalties; nor any recompence assigned to the person bringing forward a complaint or information.

63

Penalty, where recovered,

And before whom.

Duties, where paid.

Suit, when n4 where commenced.

Coals.

IF, after the admeasurement thereof by the of appointed for that purpose, the marks shall be removed or altered ; every person who had a hand in, or was privy to the doing thereof, shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit 10I. by distress, half to the king, vd half to the discoverer ; and for want of distress, shall be committed to the common gaol for three months.

This act relates to Westminster, and to several parishes in the county of Middlesex, and to a part of the Duchy of Lancaster, adjoining to the city and liberty of Westminster, in which a coal meters' office is to be erected, and two managers appointed ; to be sworn before two justices, faithfully to perform their duty ; such oaths to be certified by the justices to the next general quarter sessions for the county of Middlesex.

Any lighterman breaking bulk in the absence of a meter, ur

the

15 G. 3. c. 47. Penalty for altering or removing marks of admeasurement.

19 G. 2. c. 35. Merchant coat meters office erected.

Oath before two justices.

Penalty for breaking bulk.

ie

6 4

Coals.

the consumer, or of his agent, shall forfeit, for every offence, 5I.

The feller is to pay 41!. per chaldron to the coal meters, who shall thereupon deliver a ticket, describing the quantity, qua. lity, and price of the coals, to the feller or carman, for the consumer: Such metage to be allowed to the feller; and the ticket to be delivered by the carman, on pain of forfeiting 5I. for neglecting to do it.

The venders and the driver of the cart shall forfeit, for felling and carrying more than eight bushels of coals without a ticket, the former 50I. the latter 5I.

The penalty for false measure, or a false ticket, is 5I. on conviction before one justice, on the oath of two or more credible witnesses.

This all shall not extend to the owners of works for railing water by fire, &c. See the alt.

Labouring coal meters, permitting above eight bushels to be sold unmeasured, shall forfeit 5I.

Dealers giving, and labouring coal meters receiving more than 4d. per chaldron, shall forfeit 5I.

Every driver of a cart, convicted of fraud on the delivery of the coals, shall forfeit 5I. by 32 G. 2. c. 27. or he shall be publicly whipt, or imprisoned for three months.

Persons who are dissatisfied may, on giving notice to the feller of the coals, or the driver of the cart, have them re-mea-sured, paying 4d. per chaldron, and the deficiency shall be made good by the feller, who shall pay 40s. for every bushel deficient in measure.

No person dealing in coals shall be capable of ailing as a coal meter.

All forfeitures and penalties exceeding 5I. shall be recovered in his Majesty's court at Westminster, by altion of debt or information, one moiety for the use of his Majesty, and the other of the informers. All other penalties shall be recovered by way of complaint, before one or two justices for Westminster, or the county ofMiddlesex ; one moiety for the use of the informers, and the other moiety for the poor of the parish in which the offence is committed ; in default of payment, to be levied by distress; for want of distress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction for not more than thirty days, nor less than fourteen days, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the general quarter sessions of the peace next after such conviction, which conviction shall not be quashed for want of form only.

N. B. This all, which was to be in force for three years, was continued by 24. G. 2. and by other subsequent alls, to June! 24, 1795.

The principal land coal meters neglellingto station labouf-. . , ing coal meters, shall forfeit 40s.; such penalties to be levied

quire toatten anci applied^ as dirclled by the former all, as above: But,

by The ticket for the feller or Consumer.

Penalty of no ticket.

Penalty of false ticket.

Fire engine excepted.

Penalty foreoals unmeasured.

Coal meters' pay.

Fraud in coal cart driver.

31G. 2. c. 27. Coals may be re-measured.

Merchant may not be meter.

Penalties, how levied and applied.

Power of appeal.

23 G. 2. r. 26. Coal meters re

Original fr

L

s

Coals.

65

by 21 G. 3. e. 35. these penalties shall not be inflicted, unless notice in writing shall be left at the coal meter's office fix hours before any parcel of coals is required by the buyer to be ad-measured, specifying the wharf at which the attendance of the coal meter is requeued.

Three justices are empowered to regulate the retail price of 17 e. 35. coals in any part of England, allowing a competent profit to In. regulation of the retailers. And, on the owner's refusal, may order proper pr,ce* officers, with a constable, to enter and fell the coals, at such reasonable rates as have been agreed on ; rendering the money (charges deduced) to the owner.

Coin.

ONE justice, on complaint upon oath that there is just cause to fafpeft, that any person hath been concerned in counterfeiting the copper monies of this realm, may, by his warrant, cause the dwelling-house, room, workshop, &c. belonging to such suspected person, to be searched for tools and implements for coining such copper monies: and if any such tools or implements shall be found hid or concealed in any place so searched, it shall be lawful for any person whatsoever discovering the same, to seize such tools or implements, and carry the same forthwith to a justice, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in evidence against any person, who shall be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid ; and after they shall have been produced in evidence, the same, and all other so seized, shall forthwith, by order of the court, or by order of the justice, if there shall be no trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such court or justice shall direct.

Ifany person shall, for gain, impair, diminifti, or fallify the proper coin of this kingdom, he shall be guilty of treason.

If any person shall colour, gild, or case over with gold or silver, any coin resembling the current coin of this kingdom, he, his aiders and abettors, shall be guilty of high treason. Prosecution to be in three months.

If any person shall wash, gild, or colour any silver coin, to make it resemble a guinea or half guinea, he, his counsellors, aiders, and abettors, shall be guilty of high treason. Prosecution to be in (ix months.

If any person shall counterfeit gold or silver, that is not the proper coin of this realm, he, his procurers, aiders, and abettors, shall be guilty of misprision of high treason.

If any person shall bring false money into the realm, knowing the same to be false, in deceit of the king and his people, he shall be guilty of high treason*

Ifany press for coinage shall be found in the custody of any

K person

ix G. 3. c, 49.

Tools to be seized.

Defaced and destroyed.

18 £/. c. f. Coining, &c. treason.

88*9

Colouring, dec. treason.

15 & 16 G, 2. c. 28.

Waftiing and gilding silver treason

14 El. c. I. Counterfeiting^ nrmprifion of treason.

45 Ed 3. c. % False money brought into the realm.

7 8 1V % c, 19.

s

L>

66

Coin

Penalty on having a coining press.

f

6fcf 7 r.17.

Clippings or filings.

Who may enter

a suspected house.

To search for bullion.

What, when found.

9 O. 3. c. 37.

Paying the poor in base money.

9 ioZT. mi, 13 G. 3. c* 71. Counterfeit money to be defaced or cut.

Doubt, how determined.

3 Ed. t. c. 15.

1 H. H. 372.

1 11. H. 318, 318

One w'tness sufficient.

15 GtZ. c. 28.

person (other than the officers of the mint), it shall be seized for the king's life; and every person, in whose custody such press shall be found, shall forfeit 500I. half to the king, and half to the informer.

If any person shall buy or fell, and knowingly have in his custody or poflession, any clippings or filings of the current coin of this kingdom, he shall forfeit the same, and also 500I. half to the king, and half to the informer 5 and shall be branded on the right cheek with the letter R, and be imprisoned till the payment of the 500I.

The warden of the company of goldsmiths, with two of the court of assistants within the bills, and two justices elsewhere, may enter into the house, room, or workshop of any person suspected, and, with the help of a constable, may break open any door, box. See. to search for bullion suspected to be concealed ; and if found, they shall seize the same, and the person in whose poflession it shall be found: And the said wardens, assistants, and constables, shall carry him before the next justice, which one justice within the bills, and the said two justices elsewhere, may examine him; and if he shall not prove, by the oath of himself, or of a credible witness, that it is lawful silver, and was not before melting current coin, nor clippings thereof, he shall be committed; and if on his trial he shall not prove the same by one witness, he shall be imprisoned six months.

If any churchwarden oroverfeer of the poor, or person authorised by him, shall make any payments to the poor in any base or counterfeit money, one justice, on complaint, may summon the offender, and, on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not less than 10s. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to be applied to the use of the poor.

Any person to whom any silver or gold money shall be tendered, that he shall suspect to be counterfeit, may cut, break, or deface such piece ; and if it shall appear to be a counterfeit, the person tendering the same, shall bear the loss thereof; but if the same shall appear to be lawful money, the person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall receive the same at the value it was coined for. And if any question arise, whether the piece so cut be counterfeit, it shall be determined by the next justice of the peace, or chief magistrare in a corporation.

Persons taken for coining fatfe money, are not bailable by justices of the peace. But they must take the examinations and informations, and bind over the witnesses to the proper court, and commit the persons accused.

It is not necessary there should be two witnesses in cases of counterfeiting the coin, as it is in other high treasons; but persons may be convicted by one witness only.

If any person shall utter or tender in payment any false or counterfeit money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit.

Original front.


6?

Coin.

feit, to any person or persons, and thereof shall be convicted, such person so offending shall suffer six months imprisonment, and find sureties for good behaviour for six months more; for the second offence, shall suffer two years imprisonment, and find sureties for good behaviour for two years more; and for the third offence, shall be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And if any person shall utter or tender in payment any false 15(7. a c. aS or counterfeit money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to any person or persons, and shall either the same day, or within ten days then next, utter or tender in payment any more or other false or counterfeit money, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, or shall at the time of such uttering or tendering, have about him or her, in his or her custody, one or more pieces of counterfeit money, besides what was so uttered or tendered, such person being deemed a common utterer of false money, and being thereof convicted, shall suffer a year's imprisonment, and find sureties for good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the year's imprisonment; and for the second offence, shall be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Whoever shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any 6^7^. c.i7. person, that hath counterfeited, clipped, or diminished any of 15 G* a« the current [gold or silver] coin of this realm, or hath altered shillings and sixpences to make them resemble guineas and halfReward for ap-guineas ; or halfpennies and farthings, to make them look like prehe*ding and shillings and sixpences, or hath brought into this kingdom any Prosecut,n6* dipt, false, or counterfeit coin, shall have a reward of 40I. to be paid by the sheriff of the county. In order to which, the judge shall give him, under his hand, a certificate certifying the conviction.

In like manner, a reward of iol. shall be paid for appre-15 C?. 2. c. 28. bending and convicting a counterfeiter of the copper money.

If any person, being out of prison, shall be guilty of clip- 6 ping, coining, or diminishing the [gold or silver] coin of this 0'^°0^'°* realm, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have offenders, committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted, he shall have the king's pardon, and if he is an apprentice, he shall be made a freeman.

If any person, being out of prison, shall be guilty of alter-15 G. 2. c. 28. ing sixpences or shillings, to make them look like half guineas or guineas ; or altering farthings or halfpennies, to make them look like sixpences or shillings; or of counterfeiting brass or If out of pnfon, copper halfpennies or farthings; or of uttering false money, king's pardon, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted, he shall have the king's pardon.

A sum, not exceeding 600I. may be annually issued from the 7 Ann. c. 24. Treasury, for the prosecution of offenders respectingcoin. 15 & 16 G. 2,

Commitment, for prosecutions itfued.

68

Commitment.

2 Haw. 116. Unbailable offenders, and per* Cns refuting bail, must be committed.

2 H. H. I2T.

Felon bailed or committed.

Suspe&ed felon discharged. Cafe of homicide.

Dale. 3. jc. 170.

Bail, when to be accepted.

5 H. 4. c. 10.

6 G. 1. c. 19. Vagrants and petty offenders, how dealt with.

*7 G. 3. c. II.

Gaol orhouse of jcorreftion.

24 G. 2. e. 55,

. Offender fugitive, how dealt with.

2 Hew. 119. Cautions ref-pefting commitment.

PERSONS apprehended for offences which are not bailable, and also all persons who neglect to offer bail for offences, which are bailable, must be committed. Wheresoever a justice is impowered by any statute to bind a person over, or to cause him to do a certain thing, and such person being in his presence, shall refuse to be bound, or to do such thing, the justice may commit him to the gaol, to remain there till he shall comply.

If a prisoner be brought before a justice, expressly charged with felony upon oath, the justice cannot discharge him, but must bail or commit him. But if he be charged with fufpi-cion only of felony, yet if there be no felony at all proved to be committed, or if the fast charged as a felony be in truth no felony in point of law, the justice may discharge him. But if a man be killed by another, though it be by misadventure, or in self-defence, the justice ought not to discharge him, for he must undergo his trial for it; and therefore he must be committed, or at least bailed.

But commitment by the justices of the peace almost in all cases (except for the peace, good behaviour, felony, or higher offences), is but to retain the party till he hath made fine to the king ; and therefore, if he offer to pay it, or find sureties by recognizance to pay it, he ought not to be committed, but to be delivered presently.

All felons shall be committed to the common goal, and not el fe where.

But vagrants, and other criminals charged with small offences, may, for want of sureties, be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices, in their judgment, shall think proper. And they may commit other offenders to the flocks, or other custody, by particular statutes.

By this act, a power is given to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, to commit either to the common gaol, or to any house of correction, within his or their respective jurisdictions, as to such justice or justices shall seem most proper, vagrants, and other criminals* offen-' ders, and persons charged with or convicted of small offences, as by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, he or they is or are, or shall be authorized to commit to the com-, jnon gaol.

If a person is apprehended, upon a warrant indorsed, in another county, for an offence not bailable, or if he shall not there find bail, he shall be carried back into the first county, and be committed (or if bailable, bailed) by the justices in such first county.

The commitment must be in writing, ei-ther in the name of the king, and only attested by the person who makes it, or it may be made by such person in his own name, expressing his office or authority, and must be directed to the goaler, Cv keeper of the prison.

1

1

2 >

1

1

I

S

i

i

I

i

i

i

1

3 1

1

I

i


Commitment.

69

It should contain the name-and surname of the party com- «H. H. 577. mined, if known ; and, if not known, it may be sufficient to describe the person by his age, stature, complexion, colour of his hair, and the like, and to add that he refuieth to tell his

name.

It is safe, but not necessary, to set forth, that the party is charged upon oath.

It ought to contain the cause, as for treason, or felony, or fufpltion thereof.

A warrant or mittimus to answer to such things as shall be objected against him, is utterly against law.

It ought to contain the certainty of the cause; if it be for felony, it ought to be for felony ; for the death of such an one, or for burglary in breaking the house of such an one,

If it is for felony, it mull be to detain him till he be thence delivered by law, or by order of law, or by due course of law.

A commitment grounded on am act of parliament, ought to be conformable to the method prescribed by it. The difference is, where a man is committed as a criminal, and where only for contumacy; in the first case, the commitment must be until discharged according to law; but in the latter, until he comply.

Where astatute appoints imprisonment, without limiting the time, the prisoner must remain at the discretion of the court.

It must be under seal; and without this, the commitment is Unlawful.

But this must not be intended of a commitment by the sessions, or other court of record; for there the record itself, or the memorial thereof, which may at any time be entered of record, is a sufficient warrant, without any warrant under seal.

It should also set forth the place at which it is made, that it may appear to be within the jurisdiction of the justice.

It must also have a certain date, of the year and day.

Every person who shall be committed to the common or usual gaol, by any justice of the peace, the said person having means or ability thereunto, shall bear his own reasonable charges, and the charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard him to such gaol: and if any such person shall refuse to defray the said charges, then such justice shall, by writing under his hand and seal, give warrant to the constable of the hundred, or constable of the township where such person shall be dwelling and inhabit, to fell such and so much of the goods and chattels of the said person so to be committed, as by the discretion of the said justice shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy and pay the charges of such his conveying and fending to the aid gaol; the app^aisement to be made by four of the honest inhabitants of the parish where such goods shall be ; the overplus to be delivered to the party.

When any persons, not having goods or money in the county where he is taken, sufficient to bear the charges of himself and of

2 Haw, I to.

2 Injl, 52.

2 Up, 591. Illegal warrant*

2 H. H. 122.

2 H. H. 123.

2 Haw. Not 33* Farther cautions.

Dalt. c. 170*

1 H, H. 583. Mud be under seal.

1 H. H. 584. Unless by the fefiious.

2 Haw. 119. Place where made.

2 H, H, 123. dated

3 J. c, 10.

Offender, if abl<, to bear h i own,charges to gaol.

27 G, 2, c. 3.

Go'gk

7°

Commitment.

In other cases, ajustice may give an order on the Treasurer.

On the Over-Jeer i in M'td-dlesex, where the person was apprehended. Limitation of e* pence.

4 Ed, 3. c. io. Gaoler refuting to receive.

Dali, e. 170. V/hat is the constable*s duty, on such refusal.

3 H. 7. c. 3.

Commitment

certified.

2 Haw. HI.

King only can di (charge before trial*

of those who convey him, is committed to gaol, or to the hous of correction, by warrant from ajustice, then on application by the constable or other officer who conveyed him, to any juf tice for such county or place, such justice shall, upon oath examine into and ascertain the reasonable expences, and shall without fee, by his warrant, order the treasurer to pay the same. But in Middlesex, the same shall be paid by the over seers of the poor of the parish where the person was apprehended.

By the habeas corpus aft, the charges of conveying an offender is limited not to exceed I2d. a mile.

If the gaoler shall refuse to receive a felou, or take any thing for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same, by the justices of gaol delivery.

But if a man be committed for felony, and the gaoler will not receive him, the constable mull bring him back to the town where he was taken ; and that town shall be charged with the, keeping of him, until the next gaol delivery.

The sheriff or gaoler shall certify the commitment to the: next gaol delivery.

A person legally committed for a crime, certainly appearing to have been done by some one or other, cannot be lawfully discharged by any one but the king, till he be acquitted on his trial, or have an ignoramus found by the grand jury, or none to prosecute him, on a proclamation for that purpose by the justices of gaol delivery.

*3 & *4 c. 14.

Incumbent* dutj.

Common Prayer.

WHERE an incumbent relides upon his living, and keeps a curate, the incumbent himself (not having lawful impediment to be allowed by the bishop) shall at least, once a month, openly and publicly read the common prayer, and (if there be occasion) administer the sacraments, and other rites of the church, on pain of 5I. to the poor, on conviction by confession, or oath of two witnesses, before two justices; and, in default of payment in ten days, the same to be levied by the churchwardens or overseers, by distress and sale, by warrant of such justices.

2 Haw. 419,

De/enc'ant's

confefljon.

Confession,

IT seems that the confession of the defendant taken upon aa examination before justices of the peace, or in difeourse with private persons, may be given in evidence against the party confeffiing, but not against others. ?

Conspiracy. *

NEW

mM

Conspiracy

7l

IT) Y the common law, all confederates whatsoever, wrong-lJ fully to prejudice a third person, are highly criminal.

And by statute, conspirators are they, that do confederate or bind themselves by oath, covenant, or other alliance, that every of them shall aid and bear the other faldy and maliciously toindidt, or cause to indict, faldy to move or maintain pleas.

It is clear, that those who are convicted of conspiracy at the suit of the party, shall have judgment of fine and imprisonment, and to render the plaintiff his damages.

Constable.

r

IN some places, at this day, there is both a tythingman and constable, where the tythingman is, as it were, a deputy to execute the office in the constable's absence ; but the constable may do whatever the tythingman may do, but not on the contrary, the tythingman not having an equal power with the constable.

The president, commons, and fellows of the faculty of physic in London, shall not be chosen constables.

Surgeons in London shall be freed and exempted from the office of constables.

Apothecaries in London, and within seven miles thereof, being free of the company of apothecaries, and also those in the country who have served a seven years apprenticeship, shall be exempted from the office of constable.

A sworn attorney, or other officer of the courts at Westminster, may have a writ of privilege of his discharge.

Every teacher or preacher in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, in a congregation tolerated by law, shall, from the time of his fnbscription and taking the oaths, be exempted from the office of constable.

The prosecutor of a felon to conviction, or person to whom he shall assign the certificate thereof, shall be discharged from the office of constable.

If any person, dissenting from the church of England, shall be chosen constable, and shall scruple to take upon him the office, in regard of the oaths, or any other matter required to be done in respect of such office, he may execute it by a sufficient deputy.

The law requires, that every constable be # idoneus homo> that if, apt and fit for the execution of the said office ; and he is consideredto be idoneus who hath, first, honesty to execute his office truly, without malice, affection, or partiality. Second-

Sec this matter more fully set forth in a Pamphlet entitled ‘The Duty of Ctrflatlu : Printed for Messrs. Robinson, &c. London, price is.

h*

Cm

imMi

I Haw. 190.

Confederates

criminal.

33 Ed. 1. ft. z. W ho are con* spiratori.

I Haw. 193. How punished.

1 Black. 357. Difference between a constable and tythingman.

3» H. 8. c.40.

5 H. 8. c. 6. Gf 18 G. a. c. 15. 6&7.fV. c.+. Exempted person s.

2 Haw, 63. I IV. c, 18.

10 & 11. JV. c* 23.

Prosecutor of felons exempc.

1 IV. c. 18. Quakers may have deputies*

L imbard. Who is a Ht person.

OriginaJ from

NEW YORIG

72

Constable.

Where chosen.

Haw. 62.

By whom sworn.

Dalt. c. 2 % . Prefect usage.

a Haw. 65,

Every vill should have a constable.

Justices* power.

Prefomed un-questionable.

13 14 C. 2.

37-

What, in default of torn or leet.

Dalt. c. 28. Constable refuting to be sworn.

c. 1.7?. 2. c. 13.

High constables oaths.

2 Haw. 33. Constable'* authority.

ly, knowledge to understand what he ought to do. Thirdly, ability, as well in substance or estate, as in body, that so he may intend and execute his office diligently, and not through impotency of body, or want, neglect his duty. And if any shall be chosen constable, who is not thus'qualified, he may by law be discharged of his said office, and another fit man be appointed in his place. In which case, a summgns may be directed to several inhabitants of the parish to appear before the justice for him to make choice of one of them to take the oath, &c.

The petty constable ought to be chosen in the leet; and the high constable (properly so called) in the tom, which is the general leet of the whole hundred.

They are to be sworn and placed in their office by the lord or his steward, or by the sheriff respectively, as being judge of the court.

But now the usual manner is, that the high constables of hundreds be chosen either at the quarter sessions, or by the greater number of the justices of the division.

And every petty constable, being a principal peace officer, and it being necessary for the preservation of the peace, that every vill should be furnished with one; the justices of the peace have, ever tince the institution of their office, taken upon them, as conservators of the peace, not only to swear the petty constables, that have been chosen at a torn or leet, but also to nominate and swear those who have not been chosen at any such court, on the neglect of the sheriffs or lords to hold their court, or to take care that such officers are appointed in them. And this power of the justices of the peace having been confirmed by the uninterrupted usage of many ages, shall not now be disputed, but shall be presumed to be established upon sufficient authority.

Justices of the peace had power to nominate and swear constables, on the default of the torn or leet, before the statute of 13 14 C. 2. c. 12. If a constable shall die, or go out of the

parish, any two justices may make and swear a new one, 'till the lord shall hold a leet, or 'till the next quarter sessions, who shall approve of the officer so made and sworn, or appoint another; and if any officer shall continue above a year in his office, the justices in their quarter sessions may discharge him, and put in another, 'till the lord shall hold a court.

If constables, lawfully chosen, refuse to be sworn, a justice of the peace may bind them over to the assizes or sessions, there to be indicted.

High constables are to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, as other persons who qualify for offices ; but petty constables are exempted.

Every high and petty constable is, by the common law, conservator of the peace ; and therefore, if any man shall make an affray or break the peace, the constable may commit.

him

b-,

Onigip.al frer

HI

Constable.

iim to the flocks or other fafecuflody for the present, and afterwards may carry him before a justice or to gaol, until he shall find surety for the peace.

But he cannot require surety of the peace, unless the offence be upon his own view; for he cannot take a man's oath, because he is not a judge of record.

The con liable is a proper officer to a justice of the peace, and bound to execute his warrants, and therefore it hath been resolved, that where a statute authorizes a justice of the peace to convidl a man of a crime, and to levy the penalty by warrant of distress, without saying to whom such warrant shall be directed, or by whom it shall be executed, the constable is the proper officer to serve such warrant, and indictable for difo-beying it.

No action shall be brought against any constable, or other person acting by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until demand hath been made by the party, or his attorney, in writing, signed by the party demanding the same, of the perusal and copy of such warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for six days after such demand; and if such action I be brought jointly against the justice and constable, on proof of such warrant, the jury shall find for the constable ; and if the verdict be given against the justice, the plaintiff shall receive his colls against him, to be taxed in such manner by the proper officer, as to include such colls as the plaintiff is liable to pay to such defendant, for whom such verdict shall be found as aforesaid.

The constable ought not to return the warrant to the justice, but to keep it for his own junification ; but he mull certify to the justice what he hath done in the execution thereof.

The constable executing a justice's warrant, for levying a penalty, or other sum of money directed by an act of parliament, by distress, may deduCl his own reasonable charges of taking, keeping, and felling the goods distrained ; returning the overplus on demand, after such penalty or sum of money and charges are deducted. See Commitment.

Every constable, or other such officer, shall, every three months, and within fourteen days after he shall go out of his office, deliver to the overseers a just account in writing, fairly entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, and signed by him, of all sums by him expended on account of the said parish, township, or place, in all cases not hitherto provided for by law, and also ofall sums received by him on the account of the said parish, township, or place; and the overseers shall, within the next fourteen days after the account shall be so delivered, lay the same before the inhabitants, and, if approved by the majority of them, the overseers shall payout of the poor rate such fun* as shall appear to be due on the said account: But if the account, or any part thereof, shall be disallowed,

L the

73

Cro. Elix Cannot admini-ller an oath.

2 Haw. 262. Duty respecting warrants.

If an action is brought.

Warrant to be kept.

27 G* 2. c. 20. Constables' charges may be deducted.

18 G. 3. c. 19. May deliver in his account every three months.

74

What, if dif-allowed.

Coils regulated at sessions.

IX G, 2. c. 29. High cor.liable to account for county rate.

Dalt. c. 28. Who may remove him.

2 Haw. 65. Justices* power to displace constables.

Justice's care with rei'pedl to convictions.

Constable.

the overseers shall deliver back to the constable, or other officer, such book of accounts; who may then produce the said. book to a justice, giving reasonable notice thereof to the overseers ; which justice shall examine the same, and hear and determine any objection that shall be made to the account, and settle the sum which shall appear to him to be due, and enter the same in the account, and sign his name thereto; and the overseers shall pay th,e same accordingly. Provided, that if the overseer shall find that the parish, township, or place is aggrieved by any thing done or omitted by the said constable, or other officer, or by the justice, he may, giving reasonable notice to the said justice, constable, or other officer, appeal to the next general or quarter sessions. And the justices in sessions may, from time to time, laydown or alter such rules and regulations as to any costs or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this a &, as to them shall seem just; which rules and regulations having received the appro- : bation and signature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

The high constables shall, at the general or quarter sessions, if thereunto required, account for the general county rate by them received, on pain of being committed to gaol until they shall account; and all their accounts and vouchers shall, after having been passed at the said sessions, be deposited with the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongst the records, and inspec-ted by any justice without fee.

If there shall be cause to remove and put a high constable from his place, it shall be done by the greater part of the justices of that division, or at the sessions.

The justices of the peace have also used, for good cause, to displace all such constables as have been chosen and sworn by them.

i

Conviction.

WHERE afpecial power is given to a justice of the peace

by act of parliament, to convict an offender in a sum- . mary manner, without a trial by jury, it must appear that he I hath strictly pursued that power; otherwise the common law will break in upon him, and level all his proceedings. There- E fore he must proceed according to the course of common law in I trials by juries, and consider himself only as constituted in the ' place both of judge and jury. There must be an information or charge against a person ; then he must be summoned, or have L notice of such charge, and have an opportunity to make such : defence; and the evidence against him must be such as the common law approves, unless the statute specially directeth L otherwise then, if the person be found guilty, there must |

Conviction.

75

be a con vision, judgment, and execution, all according to the course of the common law, directed and influenced by the spe-eial authority given by statute; and, in the conclusion, there mull be a record of the whole proceeding, wherein the justice mull set forth the particular manner and circumstances ; so that, if he shall be called to account by any superior court, it may appear that he hath conformed to the law, and not exceeded the bounds prescribed to his jurisdiction.

TO buy or fell corn in the iheaf, before it is threlhed and 3 Infl. 197. measured, is against the common law of £ngland. f0,<i

Jn the measure of corji, the customof the place is to be ob- jj^/C — g* served, if it be acustom beyond all memory, and used without any viflble interruption.

Every person, who shall unlawfully cut or take away any 43 c* 7* corn or grain growing, being convicted thereof by confession, Pcn*,£y forcut* or oath of one witness, before one justice, shall, for the first of- tc‘"r8n^TOW,D5 fence, pay such damages as the justice shall appoint ; and if the justice shall think him not able or sufficient, or if he do not pay such damages, he shall commit him to the constable where the offence is committed, or where the party is apprehended, there to be whipped; and for every other offence he shall in like manner be whipped. The constable refusing, shall be committed by the justice, till he conform.

The inspector of the returns of corn shall demand of every 2i c. 3. e. 50. cornfactor, in the Corn-Exchange, in Mark-lane, a weekly Inspeaors. return of the several quantities of corn or grain by him bona jidt fold and delivered in such week, as also the name or names of the purchaser or purchasers thereof, which return shall be signed by each cornfactor delivering the same, and a transcript of such account shall be published in the London Gazette weekly ; which shall be deemed to have been the average prices, during each respective week, in Kent, Essex, and London. The weekly returns taken by the inspector, shall be filed, and deposited in his office. Theinspector shall compute the aggregate quantity of each sort of grain, and the average prices thereof, which shall be fold previous to the sessions for London, in April 1782; and so on from fession to session ; which account he shall transcribe into a book; and deliver, on the first day of the said sessions (and afterwards on the first day of each quarter session), in open court, to the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace for the city of London. The duties on importation of foreign grain shall be regulated by the said average prices. The cornfactors shall verify their returns on oath, under a penalty of, from 25I. to 50I. one moiety to the inspettor, and another as the court shall think proper, if

Com.

L 2

they

1

76

Corn.

31 G. 3. e. 30* inspe£tor« Ot duties, by whom appointed.

Inspector'soath.

31 G. 3, c. 30. Jteturn weekly.

I

Declaration.

they obey not the summons of the court. The proprietors, in case of the inspector's lickness, may appoint a substitute ; which appointment shall be presented to the next sessions. Cornfactors neglecting to deliver weekly returns, to be summoned before the sessions, and in case they shall not appear, the said persons so offending shall be fined not more than ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be divided as before. A duty of a halfpenny per last on all corn fold, shall be paid to the inspec-for, the amount thereof to be dated, and presented to the sessions twice a year. The inspector shall give security in a sum not less than two hundred pounds, nor more than three hundred pounds, for the faithful accounting and payment of all monies received by him by virtue of this act. If the justices

shall neglect to appoint proper persons to make returns, the of of the treasury shall appoint them until the Michaelmas sessions next following.

By this act, inspectors of corn-returns, not being maltsters, millers, cornfactors, or their agents, are to be appointed by the lord mayor of London, to regulate the duties on exportation and importation of com, in the several ports of London, Kent, Essex, and Suflex; and in the several maritime counties, by the justices, at their general quarter sessions, to be held after June 24, 1791* In every town, which is a county of itself, the mayor or other chief officer is to appoint.

Every inspector so appointed shall take the following oath:

I A.B. do swear (or affirm)9 that I will at all times make due and true returns to the receiver of corn-returns, appointed by virtue of an act passed in the 31st year of the reign of King George the Third, entitled, (t An act for regulating if the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment c of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on " British corn exported," of the weekly quantities and prices

of corn and oatmeal, at the market held at ----- ----- ----- ----

according to the accounts delivered to me by the several dealers in corn and oatmeal, at the said market, and that I will use my best endeavours to procure true accounts of such quantities and prices from such dealers, and in all things, to the best of my skill and judgment, conform myself, as inspector of corn-returns, to the directions of the said act.

All millers, maltsters, and dealers in corn for sale, shall return to the inspectors of corn-returns accounts of the quantities bought by them in each week, and shall make the following declaration:

I A.B. do hereby declare, that the returns of the quantities and prices of British corn and oatmeal, which henceforth shall be by me bought and received, shall, to the best of my knowledge and belief, be true and just, ar.d, to the best of my judgment, conformable to the directions of an act, passed in the 31st year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, entitled (as beforef

Go

This

Corn.

CT I

This declaration, subscribed by such dealer in corn. Sec. shall be forthwith delivered to a justice of the peace within the district, who is to certify the same, to be filed by the clerk of the peace for the county, or town clerk of the city or town.

The penalty for acting,'without making such declaration, or for making false returns, is not less than 40s. nor more than 10I.

The justices of the peace for the inland counties, and of every such city or town, as is a county of itself, and which does not contribute to the county rate, shall, at their general quarter sessions after June 24, 1791, appoint some person qualified for that purpose, not being a miller, maltster, fadlor, or other person dealing in corn for sale, residing in or near such town or city, to collect weekly an account of the average prices of each fort of corn, and of oatmeal, fold in such city or town, who shall be called Inspetlor of Corn Returns for such place ; and in case of death, removal, See. two justices may appoint a successor till the appointment can be made by the general quarter sessions.

Every inspector shall enter in a book the several accounts of the quantities and prices of corn and oatmeal, returned to him by the respective dealers; which said book shall not be made public, or shewn by the said inspector, or with his consent, to any person whatsoever, unless called for, and required by the receiver of the corn-returns, or by an order in writing under the hand of one justice of the peace for the county or town in which such inspector shall reside, under a penalty of 20I.; and every such inspector shall return to the receiver of corn-returns, on the Tuefdayin each week, an account of the weekly quantities and prices of corn and oatmeal fold and delivered in the city or town where he is appointed inspector. The inspector to take the following oath:

I A.B. do swear (or affirm )9 that I will at all times make due and true returns to the receiver of corn returns, appointed by virtue of an act passed in the 31st year of his Majesty King George the Third, entitled (as before)9 of the average prices of each fort ofcorn and of oatmeal, sold at the market held at

----- --- , and that I will in all things, to the

best of my skill and judgment, conform myself, as inspector of corn-returns, to the directions of the said act.

Which oath any justice, or head officer, may administer.- Inspectors are to transmit to the receiver of corn-returns a weekly account of the average prices of corn and oatmeal fold in their respective districts, under a penalty of iol.

Five shillings for each return from the maritime towns, and two shillings for each return from the inland towns, shall be paid to every inspeClor quarterly out of the county rate, or in every city or town which is a county of itself, out of the poor rates.

When the justices, or the mayor, or other chief officer, shall

esteem

77

Delivered to a justice to be certified.

Penalty for false returns.

Inspector of Corn returns.

to take a weekly account of the price of corn.

31 G. 3. e. 30. His oath*

Account to the receiver.

From whence paid.

Corn

1*

f

I

Certificate of the number of returns.

Receiver of < orn returns, by whom appointed.

Oath.

Without fee.

Penalties, how recovered.

esteem a larger compensation necessary, in consideration of extraordinary trouble,it maybe granted*

The receiver of the corn-returns is to transmit, at the end of each year, a certificate of the number of returns he has received, to the receiver-general of the customs, who is to repay the money advanced by the county treasurers.

The treasury is to appoint a receiver of corn-returns, who is to take the following oath, which any justice of the peace for the county of Middlesex is hereby required to administer.

I A.B. do swear, that I will, to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the office of receiver of corn-returns, according to the directions of an act passed in the 31st year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, entitled (as beforeJ, and in all things conform myself as a receiver of corn-returns, to the provisions of the said act.

No fee shall be taken by the clerk of any justice of peace, or any other person, before whom any oath, declaration, or affirmation, respecting this act, shall be taken or made.

Penalties inflicted by this act on any cornfactor, or dealer in corn for sale, or on any inspector of corn-returns, may be sued for, and recovered, before any two justices of the peace of the county, city, or town, where such offender shall reside, who, on due proof, may convict and levy the penalties directed by this act; and the determination of such justices shall be final*

Coroner.

1

2 Haw. 42. Coroners, why so called

4 171.

28 Ed. 3. e. 6. How chosen, and by whom.

2 Haw. 43,44. Hale's PI. 170.

4 Ed. 1. ft. 2. How to act.

2 Inst. 148.

CORONERS are ancient officers by the common law, so called because they deal principally with the pleas of the crown, and were of old time the principal conservators of the peace.

In ancient times, this office was of great estimation; for none could have it under the degree of a knight.

The coroner shall be chosen in the county court, by the commons of the same county.

And none but freeholders have a voice at such election.

When any person comes to an unnatural death, the town- ship shall give notice thereof to the coroner. Otherwise if the body be interred before he come, the township shall be amerced. - N

When notice is given to the coroner, he is to issue a precept to the constablea of the four, five, or fix next townships, to return a competent number of good and lawful men of their townships, to appear before him in such a place, and to make an inquisition touching the matter. Or he may fend his precept to the constable of the hundred.

These are to be at least twelve.

The

L

Coroner.

79

The jury appearing is to be sworn and charged by the coro- H. H. 60. ner to esquire, upon the view of the body, how the party came Jur7'8 du*.ty. by his death.

If the body cannot be viewed, the coroner can do nothing; Halii PI. 279. but the justices of the peace shall esquire thereof.

For every inquisition (not taken upon view of a body dy- *5* fog in gaol), he shall have 20s. and also gd. for every mile he shall be compelled to travel from his usual place of abode to ^1Iowai *ce* take such inquisition; to be paid by order of the justices in sessions, out of the county rates. And for every inquisition taken on view of a body dying in prison, he shall be paid so much, not exceeding 20s. as the justices in sessions shall allow, robe paid in like manner.

TTTHERE any complaint shall be made before a justice, iS £. 3.*. 19* W and a warrant or summons shall issue in consequence Ju fice to de-thereof, it shall be lawful for such justice, who shall have heard ter ®1Mie

1 and determined the matter of the complaint, to award such costs to be paid by either party, and in such manner and form as to him shall seem meet, to the party injured : and if the per-

Ifon so ordered by the justice shall not forthwith pay, or give security for the same, to the satisfaction of the justice, it shall be levied by distrefsf : and if goods and chattels of such person cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to thehouse of correction for the place where such person shall reside, 10 be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month, nor less than 4 r ten days, or until such sum, together with the expences at- .

K tending the commitment, be first paid. Provided, that wher 5 the penalty shall amount to or exceed the sum of 5I. the fai d 1 cells shall be deducted by the justice, according to his direction, out of the penalty, so that the said deduction shall m ot f exceed one fifth part of the penalty. And the justices in fi ;ffions, from time to time, may lay down or alter such rules a ad regulations concerning costs or charges to be allowed to a ny Regulated at person by virtue of this act, as to them shall seem just; wh* ich sessions. rales and regulation.*, having received the approbation and fig-nature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be bindi jig, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

i

1

See appendix, No. 17.

f Nq. 18.

Co nnty

8o

County-Court.

ii H. 7. c. 15. Attorney to be present.

NO plaint shall be entered in the county^court, but where the plaintiff, or his attorney, is present; and the plaintiff shall find pledges to pursue his plaint; and he shall have but one plaint for one trespass, on pain of 40s. half to the king, and half to the prosecutor. And one justice may examine the sheriff or other officer, making default; and shall, within a quarter of a year, certify the examination into the exchequer.

County-Election Bill.

30 G.3. r. 35. Right of vote allowed on fix month's assessment,

or in the name of the occupier.

THE acts G. 3. c. 17. and 22 G. 3. c. 31, are here recited ; and it is hereby enabled, that nothing in the said recited acts shall be construed to prevent any person from voting for knights of the shire, or for burgesses for Cricklade, for lands, &c. who hath been assessed for six months to the land tax, in the name of such person ; nor to prevent any person from voting at any such election, for lands, &c. so assessed, in the name of the tenant actually occupying the same.

14 EL c, 5.

14 G. 3. c. 59.

13 G. 3. c, 58. 19 C. 2. c. 4. 19 C. 2. c. 4.

12 G. 2. c. 29. 10 G. 3. c. 39; 12 G. 2. c, 29.

14 G. 2. c. 33. 17 G. 1. c, 5.

County-Rate.

?2 G. 2. e. 29* Purposes of it.

II & iz TV, c. 19.

9 G. 3. c. 20.

7 7- e- 4-

43 EL c. 2.

THE justices, at their general or quarter sessions, or the greater part of them, shall have power to make one general county-rate.

For the repairing of bridges, and highways thereto adjoining, and salaries for the surveyors of bridges.

For building and repairing county gaols.

For repairing shire-halls.

For the salary of the matter of the house of correction, and relieving the weak and lick in his custody.

For the relief of the prisoners in the king's-bench and mar-fhalfea prisons; and of poor hospitals in the county, and of those that shall sustain Losses by fire, water, the sea, or other casualcies, and other charitable purposes for the relief of the poor, as the justices in sessions shall think fit.

For the relief of prisoners in the county gaol.

For the preservation of the health of the prisoners.

For the salary of the chaplain of the county gaol.

For setting prisoners to work.

The treasurer's salary.

Salary of persons making returns of the prices of corn. Charges attending the removal of any of the said general county-rates by certiorari.

Money for purchasing lands at the ends of county bridges. Charges of building or repairing houses of correction, and for

V"

fOF

8i

County-Rate.

for fitting of and furnishing the same, and employing the persons sent thither. Charges of apprehending, conveying, and maintaining rogues and vagabonds.

Charges of the soldiers' carriages, over and above the of- G. j. c. 2c, ficers' pay for the same, by the several yearly acts against mutiny and desertion, and by the militia ad.

The coroner's fee of 9c!. a mile for travelling to take an in- 2 5 G* cl a9* quisition, and 20s. for taking it.

Charges of carrying persons to the gaol, or hoafe of cor- 27 G. 3-

redion.

The gaoler's fees for persons acquitted of felony, or dif- 14 G. 3. u 20. charged by proclamation.

Charges of prosecuting and conviding felons. g. 2. c. 36.

Charges of prosecuting and conviding persons plundering 26 G. 2. c. 19. shipwrecked goods.

Charges of maintaining the militia men's families, by the several militia acts.

Charges of bringing insolvent debtors to the assizes, in or- 32 G. 2, r.xS. der to their discharge, if themselves are not able to pay.

The charges of transporting felons, or conveying them to 6(7. e. 23.6? the places of labour and confinement. *9 ? 3* c* 74*

Charges of carrying parish apprentices, bound to the sea- » 3 Jn. c.6.

service, to the port to which the master belongeth.

The churchwardens and overseers shall, in thirty days after 12 G. *. e. 29. demand made, out of the money collected for relief of the poor, pay the sums so aiTelTed on each parish or place. And 9

(if they shall neglect or refuse so to pay, the high constable shall levy the same by distress and sale of their goods, by warrant of two or more justices residing in or near such parish or place. Where there is no poor rate, the justices, in their general or quarter-sessions, shall, by their order, direct the sum aiTelfed on such parish, township, or place, to be rated and levied by the petty constable, or other peace officer, as money for relief of the poor is by law to be rated or levied. The high constables, at or before the next sessions respectively after they have received the money, shall pay the same to the treasurer; and the money so paid, shall be deemed the public stock. And the said high constables shall deliver in a true account on oath (if required), of the money by them received, before the said justices at their general or quarter-sessions. —

The treasurer shall pay so much of the money in his hands, to such persons, as the justices in sessions shall, by their order, from time to time appoint, for any uses and purposes to which the public stock of any county, city, division, or liberty, is or shall be applicable. And shall deliver in a true account, on oath, if required, of his receipts and disbursements, to the justices at every general or quarter-sessions, and also the proper vouchers for the same, to be kept amongst the records of the sessions. And the discharge of the said justices, by their order at their general or quarter-sessions, shall be a sufficient

M discharge

82 County-Rate.

discharge to the treasurer. And no new rate shall be made, until it appear by the treasurer's accounts, or otherwise, that three-fourths of the money collected have been expended for the purposes aforesaid. If the churchwardens and overseers of any parish or place shall think such parish or place is overrated, they may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions.

Curate's Licences.

/# '4 % , t* r\ ,\ ; ' ' -

a8 G, 3. e. 28. T?ROM June 24, 1788, the stamp duties imposed by the re-Stamps excused. X1 cited acts on licences granted by archbishops, See. are to cease with respect to licences to stipendiary curates, in which the annual amount of the ftipendis inserted.

Customs. See Excise, so far as Justices of the peace, and other officers, are concerned.

Custos Rotulorum.

37 8. f. 1. o person shall be appointed to the office of custos rotulorum,

hand* ^ XN but such as shall have a bill signed with the king's hand for the same*

Debtors.

32 G. *. r. 28; 'fNSOLVENT debtors brought to the assizes, in order to be Conveyance, JL discharged, shall pay for their bringing thither, not ex-

how paid. ceeding i2d. a mile; and if they are not able to pay, then the

faqie shall be paid by the treasurer, out of the county-dock.

Demurrer.

I ' r / 11 jVv ‘ » yiiii*<H'-Yr

tVoodfb*4. c.5* A DEMURRER (from demorari) signifies an abiding in Demurrer, how /Y. point of law, upon which the defendant joins issue, al-defined. lowing the fad to be true as laid in the indictment.

Deodand.

]

i

1

a

3

1

j

1

i

1 3

2

i

ir

5

I

Original f I

by

k>

ft

6

*5

DEODAND is, when any moveable thing inanimate, or 3 57*

beast animate, doth move to or cause the untimely Deodand, what, death of any reasonable creature, by mischance, without the will or fault of himself, or of any person.

Di (Tenters.

EVERY person, not having reasonable excuse, shall resort i EL c. 2.

to their parish church or chapel, or upon reasonable let Absentfrom thereof, to some usual place where common-prayer shall be puWlc worfll,P# used, on every Sunday and holiday; on pain of punishment by the cenfares of the church, or of forfeiting for every offence 12d.

Every person, above the age of sixteen, who shall not re- el c. u pair to some church, or chapel, or usual place of common- Penalties for prayer, shall forfeit, for every month, 20I. And if he shall non-confor-forbear for twelve months, he shall be bound to good beha- mUy# vioor till he conform.

Every offender, in not repairing to church, having been 29 EL c. 6. once convicted, shall, without any other indictment or conviction, pay half-yearly into the Exchequer 20I. for every month afterwards, until he conform ; which, if he shall omit to do, the king may seize all his goods, and two parts of his lands.

By the I W. c. 18, commonly called the act of toleration. Toleration aft; which, by the 19 G. 3. c. 44, is declared to be a public act, itisenacted, that the statutes aforesaid shall not extend to any person dissenting from the church of England, who shall, at the general sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place where such person shall live, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and subscribe the declaration against popery ; of which the court shall keep a register. Provided, that the place of meeting be certified to the bishop of the diocese, or to the archdeacon of the archdeaconry, or to the justices of the peace at the general or quarter-sessions.

If any person shall take upon him to preach or teach in any aa Car. 2. c. i. meeting or conventicle, in other manner than according to the practice of the church of England, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, 20I. and for every other offence 40I. And if he beastranger, or in the judgment of the justice of the peace before whom he is convicted, unable to pay, it may be levied on the goods of any person present.

But, by the aforesaid act of toleration, and by the 19 G. 3, Teichers how c. 44. no person dissenting from the church of England, in qualified, holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, nor any preacher or teacher of any congregation of (flUenting protestants, shall be liable to any penalty for dif-

M 2 fenting.

L g'e

84

Distress.

Piftrcfs, wh*tf A DISTRESS is the taking of a personal chattel out of the Jt\. possession of the wrongdoer, into thecuftodyof the party injured, to procure a satisfaction for wrong committed.

% Inj?. 107. Distress for rent mull be, for rent in arrear. It mull not be

after tender of payment.

2 W. f. 1. c. 5] If any distress and sale shall be made, for rent in arrear and

If unjustly <3ue, when none is in truth due, the owner shall recover

made* double value, with full costs.

11 G: 2. c. 19. If any tenant shall fraudulently convey off the premises his Fraud to prevent goods or chattels, to prevent the landlord from distraining,

1 such landlord, or any person by him lawfully impowered,

may, in thirty days next after such conveying away, seize the same wherever they shall be found, and dispose of them in such manner, as if they had been distrained on the premises* And every person so offending, shall forfeit to the landlord ♦double the value of such goods, to be recovered in any court of record at Westminster. But if the goods shall not exceed the value of 50I. the landlord or his agent may exhibit a complaint in writing before two justices of the peace of the same county or division, residing near the place where such goods and chattels were removed, or near the place where the same were found, not being interested in the lands or tenements whence such goods were removed ; who may summon the parties concerned, examine the fa£, and all proper witnesses upon oath, and, in a summary way, determine whether such person or persons be guilty of the offence, with which he or they are charged, and to enquire in like manner of the value of such goods and chattels; and, upon full proof of the offence, by order under their hands and seals, the said justices shall adjudge the offender or offenders to pay double the value of the said goods and chattels; and if the offender or offenders, having notice of such order, shall refuse or neglect so to do, ' . they shall, by their warrant, levy the same by distress; and,

for want of such distress, may commit the offender or offenders

- See Appendix, No. 67.

.0

Dissenters.

Tenting, who shall, at the sessions as aforesaid, take the said oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and subscribe the said declaration against popery, and also make and subscribe a declaration in the words following, viz. 1 A. B. do solemnly declare, in the p refence of Almighty God, that 1 am a Christian, and a Protestant, and as such, that I believe, that the scriptures of the Old and New Testament, as commonly received among Protestant churches, do contain the revealed will of God ; and that I do receive the same as the rule of my doStrine and practice.

Distress.

I Jnjl. 47. Pound breaking*

11 G, 2. c. 19.

to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, without bail or main prize, for the space of six months, un-lefii the money so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall be sooner satisfied. Persons aggrieved by order of such justices, may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions.

If a man break the pound, or the lock of it, or part of it, he greatly offendeth against the peace, and therefore hue and cry is to be levied against him, and the party who distrained may take the goods again, wheresoever he shall find them, and impound them again.

If any tenant at rack rent, or where the rent reserved shall be full three-fourths of the yearly value of the demised pre- Tenant desert-mises, who shall be in arrear for one year's rent, shall desert in8 the premises, two justices (having no interest in the premises) may, at the request of the landlord, go upon and view the same, and affix on the most notorious part of the premises, notice in writing, what day (at the distance of fourteen days at the lead) they will return to take a second view; and if on such second view, the tenant shall not appear and pay the rent, or there shall not be sufficient distress on the premises, then the justices may put the landlord into possession, and the lease as to such demise shall from thence be void. But the tenant may appeal to the next justice or justices of assize; who may award costs to either party. And the justices in this, and all other the like cases, ought to make a record of the whole proceedings, to be produced afterwards in case of an action brought against the landlord by such tenant.

In all cases where any justice of the peace is or shall be required or impowered by any act of parliament, to issue a warrant of distress, for the levying of any penalty inflicted, or any fora of money directed to be paid by such ad, it shall be lawful for the justice granting such warrant, therein to order and direct the goods and chattels so to be distrained, to be sold and disposed of within a certain time to be limited in such warrant, not less than four days, nor more than eight days, unless the penalty or sum of money for which such distress shall be made, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping such distress, be sooner paid. And the officer maydedad all reasonable charges out of the money arising by such sale; and the overplus (if any) shall be returned on demand to the owner of the goods so distrained*

27 G. a. e, 20. Goods to be (old in a limited time.

Dogs.

IF a person shall steal any dog or dogs, or shall receive or keep any such dog or dogs, knowing the same to have been stolen; every such person shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness, or his or her own confession, before two juf-

with

10 G. 3. c. 18. Penalty on ileal- ing dogs.

86

5-

riefentalte by p»r'»fli officers. Drunka ds, hew

punishec.

% \ Ja. r. 7.

4- J:5-

Conftatle's ne-

Dogs.

tices, forfeit, for the first offence, any sum not exceeding 30L nor less than 20I. as to such justices shall seem meet, together with the charges previous to and attending such conviction 5 and if not forthwith paid, the said justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid ; and for every second offence of the same kind, the offender shall forfeit not exceeding 50I. nor less than 30I. as to such justices shall seem meet; which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall be paid, half to the informer, and half to the poor; and upon non-payment thereof, such justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and such justices shall also order the offender to be publicly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock. One justice, on information to him made, may grant a warrant to search for any dog stolen, or the skin thereof; and the person in whose custody such dog or skin shall be found, shall be liable to the like penalties, as persons convicted of stealing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject to If any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, such person may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, within four days after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving fourteen days notice of his intention to appeal.

[N. B. Some difficulties in this act are very properly pointed out in Burn, which fee, article Dogs, j

Drunkenness.

ALL constables, churchwardens, aleconners, and fidefmen, shall be sworn to present the offence of drunkenness. Every person, who shall be drunk, and thereof shall becon-victed before one justice, or mayor, on view, confession, or oath of one witness, shall forfeit, for the first offence, 5s. to be paid within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor; and if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress; and if the offender be not able to pay the said sum of 5s. he shall be committed to the flocks, thereto remain for the space of fix hours.

And if any constable, or other inferior officer, do neglect the due correction of the offender, every person so offending shall forfeit 10s. to be paid to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor. And if any person, once convicted of drunkenness, shall after that be again convicted of the like offence, he shall be bounden with two sureties in a recognizance or obligation

of

Drunkenness.

of lol. with condition to be from henceforth of good be-haviour.

If any alehouse-keeper shall be convicted of being drunk, he shall, besides the penalties above-mentioned, be utterly disabled to keep any such alehouse, for the space of three years next ensuing theconviction.

Drunkenness is no extenuation of a crime, except it be involuntary.

Escape.

AN escape is, where one that is arrested gaineth his liberty, before he is delivered by course of law.

Wherever a person is found guilty upon an indictment or presentment of a negligent escape of a criminal actually in his custody, he is punishable by fine and imprisonment, according to the quality of the offence.

If any person shall assist any prisoner to attempt his escape from any gaol, if such prisoner was then attainted or convicted of treason or felony (except petty larceny), or lawfully committed to, or detained in any gaol, for treason or felony (except petty larceny) expressed in the warrant of commitment, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years; and if such prisoner was then convicted of, or detained in gaol for petty larceny, or any other crime not being treason or felony, expressed in the warrant of commitment, or was then in gaol for debt amounting to iool. he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable to fine and imprisonment. And if any person shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, or arms, to any prisoner in gaol, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years, or be liable to fine and imprisonment. If any person shall assist a prisoner to attempt to escape from any constable or other person, who shall have lawful charge of him, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years. All prosecutions on this act to be commenced within a year after the offence committed.

Eftray.

E STRAY is, where any horses, Sheep, hogs, leafs, or* swans do come into a lordship, and are not owned by any man.

It seemeth to be agreed, that waifs and strays ought to be

N. B. Bees are not written In this defcrlption, and cannot be reckoned among stray goods, yet, where the property cannot be ascertained, they may be seized for the use of the king or the lord of the manor.

proclaimed

87

7 Ja. c. 10. Alehouse-keeper getting drunk.

1 Hole, p. C. c*

3*

2 Haw. 139.

1 H. H. 604.

Suffering it, punishable.

16 G. 2. r. 31.

Alii fling in an attempt to escape.

Conreying disguise, instruments, Scc.

Kitch 23.

Cro. EUz. 716. To be proclaimed.

83

Eftray.

Dale. Sker. 79. How long kept. Kitch 23.

When the lord's.

xi Mod 89*

I Great defined.

41 Ed. 3. c. 9. To have the exchequer seal.

11 H. 7. r. 15. Sheriffs books inspected#

proclaimed in the two next market towns; and that if they are not proclaimed, the owner may take the stray goods again at any time.

He who taketh an eftray, may keep it until he be satisfied for the finding, keeping, and proclaiming thereof.

Waifs and flrays, not claimed within the year and day, are the lord's.

That is to say, after he hath had the beast a year and a day from the time of the proclamation, and not from the time of the seizure: for after the first proclamation it becometh an eftray, but not sooner.

Estreat.

ESTREAT (extraSlum) is used for the true copy or note of some original writing or record, and especially of fines and amerciaments, imposed in the rolls of a court, to be levied by the bailiff or other officer.

In levying, the sheriff shall shew the estreats under the seal of the exchequer, to the party indebted, on pain of treble damages to the party, and fine to the king, on conviction before the justices of the peace, or other justices.

And the sheriff shall make no estreats to levy his own amerciaments, till two justices (1 QJ to be named at Michaelmas sessions by the custos rotulorum, or, in his absence, by the eldest in the commission, have inspected his books; and the said estreats shall be indented betwixt the said justices and sheriff, sealed with their seals, the one part to remain with the justices, and the other with the sheriff: and the persons who shall gather the said amerciaments, shall be sworn by the said justices, that they shall take no more than is forfeited, and contained in the said estreats.

One in fbme cases.

Evidence.

BEFORE a justice of the peace, in divers cases, one witness is sufficient toconvid an offender, the same being directed by special statutes.

But in case of high treason, no person shall be attainted* but upon the oaths of two witnesses.

Devises of lands shall be attested by three witnesses at the least.

The confession of the defendant, whether taken on an examination before justices of the peace, or in discourse with pri-Confession, how vate persons, hath always been allowed to be given in evi-fw evidence. dence against the party confessing, but not against others.

An

7 W. e. 3. Two in high treason.

29 C. z. c. 3. Three in devises of lands. 2 Haw. 419.

by

U

Evidence.

An attainder, judgment, or conviction of treason, felony, perjury, or forgery on 5 EL and also judgment to Hand on the pillory, or to be whipped or branded, are good causes of exception against a witness, while they continue in force.

The compulsory means to bring in witnesses are of two kinds. 1. By process offubpcena, issued in the king's name, by the justices, or others, where the trial is to be. 2. (which is the more ordinary and more effectual means in criminal cases) the justices that take the examination of the person accused, and the information of the witnesses, may, at that time, or at any time after, and before the trial, bind over the witnesses to appear at the sessions; and in case o i their refusal, either to come, or to be bound over, may commit them for their contempt in such refusal.

When any poor person shall appear on recognizance in any court to give evidence, the court may order the treasurer to pay him such sum as they shall think reasonable, except in Middlesex, where the same shall be paid by the ovetfeers of the poor where the person was apprehended.

The justices in sessions, from time to time, may lay down or alter such rules and regulations concerning any costs or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them shall seem just ; which rules and regulations, having received the approbation and (ignature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding on all persons whatsoever.

If any person, upon whom a process out of any of the courts of record shall be served, to testify or depose concerning any matter depending therein, and having tendered unto him a reasonable sum for his costs and charges, do not appear according to the tenor of the process, having not a lawful and reasonable impediment, he shall forfeit 10I. and shall yield such further recompence to the party aggrieved, as to the judge of the court shall seem meet.

In criminal cases, if a witness hath been bound over, and do* not appear, he shall forfeit his recognizance.

He who affirms the matter in issue, whether plaintiff or defendant, ought to begin to give evidence.

The evidence both for and against a prisoner, ought to be upon oath.

But a quaker's affirmation, in all cases not being criminal, shall be allowed as evidence, without an oath ; but in criminal cases, his affirmation shall not be allowed.

It is no satisfaction for a witness to say, that he thinks or persuades himself; the judge ought to have more ground than thinking.

The court may indulge a prisoner in examining the witnesses apart, but he cannot demand it of right.

In cases of life, no evidence is to be given against a prisoner, but in his presence.

N ' In

89

*Thtor, of Evid. 107.

Exceptions

againsttvidexce.

2 II. H. 2S2. Evidence, hew compelled.

27 G. 2. c» 3. How paid.

j8 G. 3. c, 19. Allowance, how let.led.

5 El. c.

Penalty on non-appearance.

Recognizance

forfeited.

Lit. 36.

Must be on oath.

7 fs? 8 JV. c. 34. Affirmation, when allowed, when not.

Dyer 53.

St. Tr. V. 4. 9. 2 Kaiv. 423.

Evidence.

9°

tTheo. of Evid, . 117.

St. Tr. V. 2.

792.

5/. 7>. ^.2445.

St.Tr.r. 279a.

2 Haw. 430. Prior testimony before a justice may be read at the trial.

In every issue, the affirmative is to be proved. A negative cannot regularly be proved.

A prisoner may not call witnesses to disprove what his own witnesses have sworn.

A witness shall not be permitted to read his evidence, but he may look upon his notes to refrefti his memory.

A witness shall not be cross-examined till he has gone thro* the evidence for the party on whose side he was produced.

A deposition taken by a witness before ajuiliceof the peace, may, at the prisoner's desire, be read at the trial, in order to take off the credit of the witness, by shewing a variation between such depositions, and the evidence given in court.

There may be four witnesses put in one fubpeena

Examination.

bait, c. 164. Prisoner, in certain cases, not discharged without bail.

What to be done previous to bail of commitment;

1 6T a P.&M. c. 13.

Examination in writing.

Recognizance to be certified to the court.

2 & 3 P.&M. c, 10.

Witnesses bound over.

1 H. H. 585. Constable may derain the prisoner till next day.

IF a felony is committed, and one is brought before a justice upon suspicion thereof, and the justice finds, upon examination, that the prisoner is not guilty, yet the justice shall not discharge him, but he must either be bailed or committed ; for it is not fit that a man once arrested and charged with felony, or suspicion thereof, should be delivered, upon any man's discretion, without farther trial.

In order to which bail or commitment, the examination and information of the parties must firftbe taken, according to the following statutes:

Two or more justices (1 Q.) or one of the said justices, before they bail a person apprehended for felony (if the offence is bailable) shall take his examination, and the information of them that bring him, of thefatt and circumstances thereof, and the same, or as much thereof as shall be material to prove the felony, shall put in writing ; which examination they shall certify (together with the bailment) at the next general gaol delivery, to be holden within the limits of their commission. — And they shall have power to bind by recognizance all such as do declare any thing material to prove the offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery; and shall certify such recognizance in like manner. And if they offend in any thing herein, they shall be fined by the justices of gaol delivery.

Where the person is not bailed, but committed, the justice or justices who commit him, shall, before such commitment, take the like examination and information, and shall put the same in writing within two days after the said examination, and shall in like manner bind over the witnesses, and certify the whole as above.

If, on some reasonable hindrance, the justice cannot, at the return of the warrant, take the examination, he may, by word of mouth, command the constable, or any other person, to detain

bi

Examination. 91

tain in custody the prisoner till the next day, and then to bring him before the judice, for farther examination.

But the time of the detainer mud be no longer than is necessary.

The examination of the person accused ought not to be upon oath.

But if, upon his examination, he shall confess the matter, it shall not be amiss that he subscribe his name or mark to it.

Which examination being voluntary, and sworn by the justice or his clerk to be truly takeij, may be given in evidence against the party confessing, but not against others.

Excise and Customs.

ALL officers, who shall have any employment in or about 6 jy e % J#

the customs, shall, at their admission, if it is within the oath of officer, ports of London, take an oath of office before two of ; and elsewhere, before two justices of the peace : and every person not taking such oath, shall forfeit his office. And To be certified the persons authorised to administer the oath, shall certify the to sessions. taking thereof to the next sessions.

If any carman, porter, waterman, or other person, shall affid 13 ® *4 C. in the taking up, landing, shipping off, or carrying away any c' 1 goods without a warrant and presence of an officer of ^Tding custom-the customs, such person being apprehended by the warrant of house officer, any justice of the peace, and the same being proved by the oath of two witnesses, the said offender, for the first offence, shall, bythejudice, be committed to gaol, until he be discharged by the lord treasurer, chancellor, under-treasurer, or barons of the exchequer; and, for the second offence, he may, by any judice of the peace as aforesaid, be committed to the next gaol, there to remain for two months without bail, or until he shall pay to the sheriff 5I. for the king's use, or until he shall be discharged by the court of exchequer, as aforesaid.

The statute of8 G. c. 18, brings the recognizance not only 8 G.e. 18. of the said forfeiture, but also of several others hereafter following, under the jurisdiction of the justices of the peace. All seizures may, in a summary wAy, be determined by two justices JurWdiaion of of the peace redding near the place where the seizure is made; ^r^of idzurcs who shall summon the party accused, and, on appearance or ca c 0 c,zurcs' default, proceed to hear and give judgment, and issue warrants for sale of such as shall be by them condemned ; whose judgment shall not be liable to any appeal or certiorari.

In trials of seizures, the justices shall proceed to the ipejiis 9 g.i. e. 35. of the cause, without enquiring into the form or ipanper of Manner of seizure. feiaure not en-

Any officer of thecudoms or excise, and their affidants, may ^

arred persons who shall be found aiding in unshipping any un- 9 ' 3 c % 9

N 2 cudomed

2 Haw. 119.

1 H. H. 585.

Dalt. c. 164. Confession to be subscribed.

2 Haw. 429; May be given in evidence.

92

Excise and Customs.

Commitment from one to three years.

19 G. 3. c. 69.

Tea, brandy.

Penalty 300I. Matter may be arrested.

customed or prohibited goods to belaid on land; and shall Penalty on aid forthwith carry them before a justice residing near; who shall, ing in frauds on -p fee cause> commit the offender to the county gaol till the next general quarter-sessions. In which case, the officer shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appearand prosecute. And the justices at such sessions shall hear and determine the offence; and, in lieu of.any other punishment by any former act, may commit the offender to hard labour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, nprlefs than one.

Where the officers of customs or excise shall find on board of any ship coming from foreign parts, within the limits of any port of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds weight of tea (not being in an East India ship), or more than a hundred gallons of foreign brandy or other foreign spirituous liquors (over and above two gallons for every leaman), and being in calks under sixty gallons, the master, or other person having charge of the ship, shall forfeit 300I. And the said officers, or their assistants, may arrest such master or other per-Howdcaltwith, ^on» anc* canT before a justice residing near; who shall, before the justice, enter into a recognizance of 300I. to appear in the court of exchequer within the first four days of the next term, to any information that may be exhibited against him : And the justice shall transmit the recognizance to the king's remembrancer in the said court. And if such person shall refuse to enter into such recognizance, the justice shall commit him to the next county gaol, till he shall enter into such recognizance.

9 G. 2. r. 35. On oath made before a justice of the peace, that any person

Feifon lurking is lurking within five miles of the sea coast or any navigable

wjthm five river, and that there is reason to suspect that he waits with in-miles or the lea ..... . , r , .

tent to be aiding in running goods, the justice may grant his

warrant to bring him before him ; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account of himself and his employment, or otherwise make it appear, that he is not concerned in any clandestine or unlawful business, he shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding one month : And the of of the customs or excise shall cause to be paid to the informer a reward of 20s. for each offender. But if such person shall desire time for clearing himself, he shall not be punished by whipping or other correction, but be committed to the common gaol till he shall do so, or till he find security not to be guilty of any of the said offences.

If any person shall knowingly receive or buy any run goods, he shall, on conviction (after summons) by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence shall be committed or the offender shall be found, forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, to be committed to prison for three months.

All porters, and others, knowingly carrying run or prohibited

coast, &c.

K (7. c. it. Receiving or buying run goods.

o C. 2. c. 35. Porters carrying run goods, how puriittieo.

Excise and Customs.

93

i

bited goods, and who shall be convicted thereof (on appearance or default), on the oath of one witness, or confession, before one justice where the offence shall be committed or the offender found, shall forfeit treble value, half to the informer, and half to the poor, to be levied by distress by warrant of Arch j ustice; and for want of distress, shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding three months. Persons being two or more in company, who shall be found passing within five miles from the coast with more than six pounds of tea, or spirituous liquors Persons cirry-not exceeding five gallons, not having paid the duties, and not *ng tea> Spirits, having a permit, or any other foreign goods of above 30I. va- &c* ",thout lue, landed without entry and payment of duties, and who perm,t* shall carry any offensive arms, or wear any disguise, or shall forcibly obstruct, or refill any officer of the customs or excise, personsoi,_ shall be deemed runners of foreign goods. And if any officer ftruding officers or other person shall lose any limb, or be otherwise maimed or deemed runners dangerously wounded in endeavouring to apprehend him, he j!joods* shall, on the conviction of such offender, have a reward of 50I. howTecom-over and above any other reward he may be entitled to by this peifed. act. And if any person be killed.in endeavouring to apprehend such offender, his executors or administrators (on certificate under hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the act was done, or of the two next justices of the peace, of such person being so killed) shall have 50I. over and above any other reward they may be entitled to by this act.

If any persons, to the number of two or more, shall be found 19 G. 3. c. 6$. .passing with any horse, cart, or carriage, whereon shall be laden more than six pounds weight^of tea, or foreign spirituous liquors exceeding five gallons, not having paid the duty, and not having a permit, and shall carry any offensive arms, or wear any disguise, when passing with such tea or spirituous li- Arms or dif-quors ; any officer of the customs or excise, and all other per- guise.

Tons acting in their aid, may arrest the offenders, and carry them before a justice, who, if he fee cause, shall commit them to the county gaol, 'till the next general quarter-sessions. —

And in such case, the officer, who conveys any such offender before the justice, shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appearand prosecute. And the commissioner shall order the charges of pro* charges of prosecution to be paid by the receiver-general of the fecution, how customs or excise respectively. And the justices, at such fef- Paid* fions, shall hear and determine the offence. And if the offender be convicted, they shall, in lieu of any other punishment by 0^nder how any former act, commit him to hard labour in the house of puni^ed/ w correction, not exceeding three years, nor less than one.

A nd, upon information on oath before a justice of the peace, 9 G. 2. c. 35.

if any persons, to the number of three or more, are or have Three or moie

been assembled, to be aiding in the clandestine running, land- a^embl,n£»

. . *. j j n 1 j armed to Una

ing, or carrying away prohibited and uncustomed goods, or to goods.

refeue them after seizure, and armed with fire arms or other

offensive

L G°

94

ig G» 2« 34*

Or to export them when prohibited.

Just ice, bow to act.

Penalty on harbouring offender.

Reward for taking him.

13 & 14 C. 2. ( 11.

Wounding or abusing officers of the cbstoms

Excise and Customs.

offensive weapons, he shall grant his warrant to the constables and other peace-officers, requiring them to take to their af-(illance as many as may be thought necessary for apprehending such persons; and he may, if on examination he find cause, commit them to the next county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until they be discharged by due course of law ; and such persons, on conviction of their being assembled and armed as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

If any persons, to the number of three or more, armed with (ire arms or other offensive weapons, shall be assembled in order to assist in the exportation of goods prohibited to be exported, or in running any prohibited or uncustomed goods, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. And if any persons be charged with any the said offences, before a justice of the peace, by information on oath of one or more credible persons to be subscribed by him or them, the justice shall forthwith certify the same under his hand and seal, and return the information to one of the secretaries of (late, who shall lay 'the same before the king in council; who may thereupon make his order, commanding the offender to surrender in forty days after the first publication thereof in the gazette, to the lord chief justice, or any other of the justices of the king's bench, or to some justice of the peace, who thereon shall commit him to gaol, to answer the charge against him according to due course of law. And if such offender shall not surrender pursuant to such order, or escape after surrender, he shall be attainted of felony without benefit of clergy. And if any person, after the time appointed for surrender, shall knowingly harbour such offender, he shall, on conviction within one year, be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. And every person who shall take, or discover so that he may be taken, any person so advertised and not surrendering, and cause him to be brought before the judge of the king's bench, or justice of the peace for London or Middlesex (who shall commit him to Newgate), shall receive 500I. in one month after execution awarded, from the of of the customs of excise respectively : And if any person shall be killed in apprehending such offender, his executors or administrators shall receive 100I.

Where any officer or officers of the customs shall be by any person armed, beaten or wounded, to the hazard of their lives, in execution of their office, every person so abusing any such officer or his deputy, shall, by the next justice or other magistrate, be committed toprison 'till the next quarter-fe (lions; and the said sessions shall punish him by fine, not exceeding tool, and the offender to remain in prison 'till he be discharged, by order of the exchequer, both of the fine and of the imprisonment, or discover the person that set him on work.

b;

Excise and Customs.

If any officer, or other person employed in seizing any goods forfeited, or in endeavouring to apprehend offenders against this act, shall be beaten or killed, or the goods seized be ref-cued, the hundred shall answer damages, and also pay iool. to the executors or administrators of such person killed, so as the sum for beating exceed not 40I. nor for the loss of goods 200I. to be recovered and levied as in cases of robbery by the 8 G. 2. But no person shall recover damages for such beating or loss of goods, unless he give notice in four days to two inhabitants near, and in eight days make oath before a justice, whether he knew any of the persons concerned ; and if he did, he shall be bound over to prosecute; and unless, besides the said notice and recognizance, he give such notice, and enter into such recognizance as persons robbed, by the 8 G. 2. are directed to give.

If any officer of the customs or excise shall not use his best endeavours to seize any tea, coffee, or foreign spirituous liquors, or to stop, detain, and carry before one or more justices any offender, in such case, one justice residing near to the place where such officer shall make default, on complaint thereof made to him within three months after such default, may examine into the truth of such complaint; and if it shall appear to the said justice, that there is reasonable ground for the complaint, he shall transmit the said complaint, together with the examinations taken before him thereon, unto the commifli oners of the customs or excise respectively; who shall, by such ways and means as to them shall seem meet, examine into the truth of the premises. And in case they shall think fit, on the ground thereof, to difaiifs the officer from his majesty's service, he shall be incapable of executing any office in the customs or excise for the future. Provided, that no person shall be compelled to go above five miles from his usual place of abode, to be examined before any justice, upon any complaint made to him as aforesaid.

Excise in general.

NO person shall be capable of intermeddling with any office relating to the excise, until he shall, before two justices in the county where his employment shall be, or before a baron of the exchequer, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, together with this oath following:

You shall /wear to execute the office of- — --- truly and faithfully, without favour or affection, and shall, from time to time, true account make, and deliver to such person or persons as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the same, and shall take no fee c r revoard for the execution of the said office, froen any other person than from his Majesty, or those *whom his Majesty shall appoint in that hehalfm

And

95

x G. 2. c. 34.

Damages ap-fwered by the hundred.

Steps to recover damages.

19 G, 3. r. 69, Neglect of officers.

Incapacity, if dismissed.

12 C. 2. c, 24.

Excise officer's oath.

9<5

i2 C. 2. r« 24.. To be certified to the sessions. Declaration to be subscribed within six months.

Gilb Exch, Collector's duty.

12 Car. 2. c.24, Appeals, by whom heard.

30.

7 & % jy. c Witnesses punished for non-appearance.

12 G. c. 28. Goods seized be valued on oath.

to

12 Car. 2. c. 24. Penalties mitigated.

Excise in general.

And the justices shall certify the taking of such oath to the ; next quarter-sessions, there to be recorded.

And he shall also, within six months after his admission to : the office, take the oaths and fjubferibe the declaration against transubstantiation, at the quarter-sessions, in like manner as other persons admitted to offices. t

The collector's business is, every six weeks, to go his round;

> and, in the intervals of rounds, he is to be assisting in prosecut- ^ ing offenders before the justices.

In case of appeals, they shall be heard and determined by any two or more justices of the peace, residing near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed : And in case of neglect or tefufal of such justices by the space of fourteen days next after complaint made, and no- a tice thereof given to the offender, the fub-commissioners may -j hear and determine the same. ua

The of and justices mav summon witnesses, to appear before them at a certain day, time, and place, to be in- ferted in such summons, and to give evidence ; and in case of neglect or refusal to appear, or if, upon appearance, any shall refuse to give evidence, he shall forfeit 10I. ;j|

One or more justices shall have power to administer an oath 4, to any person (killed in the value of goods, vessels, or carriages, 0 mentioned to have been seized in any information exhibited before the justices, who shall view the same; and, after condemnation, the said goods shall be fold where the of shall think proper.

The justices, of, fub-commissioners, respectively, where they shall see cause, may mitigate, compound, or lessen , the forfeiture, penalty, or fine; so as the same be not made less than double the value of the duty of excise which ought to have been paid, besides the reasonable costs and charges of such officers or others, as were employed therein, to be to them allowed by the said justices.

6 G.

14-

Ale, Cyder, Perry, Vinegar, &c.

IF cyder or perry, having paid the duties, shall afterwards, Duties, in what by being unfit for sale as cyder or perry, be charged with the caies, leturned. duties on vinegar; three of of excise, or two justices, on proof thereof, shall discharge the duties thereon imposed by this act.

15 Car. 2. c.n. As often as there shall be occasion, two able artists shall be appointed, one of them by the of or fub-commissioners, and the other by the brewers of any city or place; who shall be sworn before a justice, to take and compute the

Coppers,

gauged.

just contents and gage of all coppers, fats, and brewing vessels, .' and to deliver, under their hands, one copy of the contents to J

the

Ml

PUMi

1

Ale, Cyder, Perry, Vinegar, &c.

the of and fub-commissioners, and another to each respective brewer.

The of of excise or appeals, or justices of the peace, on complaint of any overcharge returned upon them by the gager, shall hear and determine the complaint; and examine witnesses on oath, and thereupon, or by other due proof, may discharge such complainant of so much of his charge a9 shall be made out before them*

Candles.

IF the officer shall have cause to suspect, that candles ard privately making, to avoid the duty, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one justice residing near to the place, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable), to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away, as forfeited, all such candles as he shall there find so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making the same ; and also all such candles as he shall find so concealed, together with the boxes or other package containing the same : And the person that shall be found privately making such candles, or in whose poflession any such shall be found, shall forfeit 100I.

No person residing within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall make candles, unless he occupy a tenement of iol. per ann. and pay parish rates for the same ; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor.

By 8 Ann. c. 9. monthly entries were to be made in London and Westminster, and entries every six weeks elsewhere, by all makers of candles; which clauses are repealed ; and, by this act, all persons making candles, shall every week make a true entry of the candles made within each week, at the next office of excise, on pain of forfeiting 20I. and they shall pay and clear off all the duties within one week after such entry is made.

Six hours* notice within the limits of the head office of ex-cile in London, and twenty-four hours* notice elsewhere shall be given, before any chandler begins making candles, on penalty of 50I. if such notice is not given, and the making must be begun within three hours of the time mentioned in the said notice, or the notice is null and void.

If any officer of excise shall discover that the making of candies is privately carried on, without notice given, and he shall discover any person knowingly assisting therein, every person so discovered, shall forfeit 20I. over and above all penalties

O that

97

1 f. i. r. 24. Complaint of overcharge dc<* termined.

s a. 3. c43.

Privately made to avoid the duty.

Seized and for* feited.

35 G. 3. 74.

Who may make candles.

Monthly entries, or every six weeks, by 8 Ann. c. 9. Weekly entries and payments, now required.

Notice to officers.

Penalty for not giving notice.

98 Candles.

that the proprietor or maker of such candles shall be liable to; the offender to be stopt, detained, and conveyed by the said officer of excise, and all other persons acting in his aid, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, who, on confession, or proof by the oath of one or more credible witness, may convict the persons so discovered, who shall immediately pay the said 20I. into the hands of the officer; or shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for two months from the day of such conviction. The penalty and time of imprisonment to be doubled for the second offence. Penalties, how one moiety of the penalties imposed by this act, shall be to applied. his majesty, the other to him or them that shall inform, dif-

cover, or sue for the same. The action or suit must be commenced within three months, with treble costs to the defendant, if the verdict shall pass in his or their favour.

Tea, Coffee, and Chocolate.

10 G» a. c. io# ]p any officer shall have cause to suspect, that any of the be concealed ° g00<*s shall be concealed, if it is within the bills, then on

oath made before two of, or elsewhere, before one Or more justices, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, they may, by warrant, authorize such officer by day or night; but Constable, If by if in the night, then in presence of a constable, to enter the night* place suspeCled, and feizeand carry away the same (if found)

as forfeited, together with the bags, caniflers, and other Officer obstroc- Package > and if any person shall obflruCl such officer, he shall ted. forfeit iool.

u G. 3. c. 30. Two of, or any justice of peace, on complaint by False entries. an officer on oath, that hefufpects any dealer not to have made true entries, may summon such suspeCled person to appear with his books, and examine him on oath touching the truth of his entry ; and if he shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to make such oath, he shall forfeit 20I.

*7 G. 3. c. 29. If any person shall dye or manufacture any floe leaves, li-Teaadulterated* qUOrice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leaves of any tree, shrub, or plant, in imitation of tea, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, he shall, for every pound of such leaves, forfeit 5I. and on non-payment thereof, such justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid. — And if any person shall have in his custody any quantity (exceeding six pounds weight) of such leaves, and shall not prove, to the satisfaction of the justice, that such leaves were gathered with the consent of the owner of the trees, for some other use, and not for the purpose of manufacturing them in imitation of tea* and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness

before

99

r Excise. (Tea, Coffee, &c.J

before one justice, he shall, for every pound of such green or manufactured leaves so found in his custody, forfeit thefswnof 5I. and, on non-payment thereof, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid. And if any excise officer or other person shall have cause to suspect that any such leaves shall be concealed in any place, on oath made before a justice, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, the justice may, if he judge it reasonable, by his warrant, authorize such officer or other person, by day or night (but if in the night, then in presence of a constable), to enter such place, and to seize and carry away, as forfeited, all such leaves, together with all the waggons, carts, boxes, &c. containing the same: And the said justice, or any other justice where such seizure shall be made, shall, on proof of the premises by the oath of one witness, by his warrant, order the leaves so seized to be carried to some convenient place, and there to be burned or otherwise destroyed ; and the said waggons, carts, boxes, &c. to be sold, and the money arising by such sale, after deducing the charges of seizure and sale, and of the burning or otherwise destroying the leaves, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor: And if any person shall obstrutt such officer, he shall forfeit 50I. on conviction by the oath of one witness before one justice; and, on non-payment, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

Provided, that no such leaves shall be burned or otherwise destroyed, if the owner thereof shall, within twenty-four hours after seizure, prove to the satisfaction of the justice, that they were gathered with consent of the owner, for some other use ; in which case, the said leaves, &c. shall, by order of such justice, be restored.

If any officer of excise shall find any increase in the (lock of any dealer in teas, coffee, &c. [and spirituous liquors, unless by mixing water] since his last survey, such increase of the said (lock shall be forfeited, and the person in whose (lock such increase shall be found, shall also forfeit the sum of 20I.

The conviction shall be written on parchment or paper, in this or the like form : Be it remembered, that on the — — day of

----, in the year ----- --- A. B. was, upon complaint ofC. D.

convicted before me onl of the justices of the peace for — — , in pursuance of an act passed in the few enteenth year of the reign of his majesty king George the third, for [here set forth the offence.] Given under my hand andfeal the day and year above written : And shall be certified by the justice to the next sessions; and shall not be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari into his majesty's court of king's bench.

On re-working chocolate, proof shall be made (before the of within the bills, and before two justices else-

where)

O 2

Leaves, &rt concealed.

17 G. 3. c, 29.

In what case restored*

Fraudulent increase of stock of teas, See.

11 G. e. 30. Form of conviction.

Id.

Chocolate reworked.

ioo Excise. (Tea, Coffee, Sc.)

9 G, 2. e. 35. Tea fold without permit*

where) that the duties for the cocoa-nuts whereof it was made* and for those also which are added, have been paid, and the chocolate entered.

If any person shall offer any tea to sale, not having a permit ; or any pedlar, or other trading person, going from town to town, although he have a permit, the person to whom it is offered to sale may seize and detain the same, and carry it to the next warehouse belonging to the customs or excise, and bring the person before a justice of the peace, to be by him committed to prison, and prosecuted for the penalties incurred for such offence.

Glals.

176. 3. c. 3$. NO person concerned in the glass-trade, or in any glass-who retrained house, shall act as a justice in any matter relating to duties

from adding as ___ J 0

j unices. thereon.

Hops.

14 G. 3. c. 68. IF the officer shall put his mark of the weight of the hops Mark after upon any bag, before he hath weighed such bags and hops therein, he shall forfeit 40s. on conviction before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, by distress; half to the informer, and half to the overseers for the use of the poor. — Altering mark, And if any person shall forge, alter, or obliterate any such how pumshed. mark on such bag or pocket, he shall forfeit iol. in like manner; and, in default of payment, shall be imprisoned six months, or until he shall have paid the penalty. Complaint shall be made within six calendar months.

Cutting hop If any person shall unlawfully and maliciously cut any Impends. binds, fee Black Act*

Leather.

^ An. e. ii. TANNERS and others shall, before the carrying away of Tanners entry, goods from the place of drying, make entry with the officer of the number and quality, and verify the same on oath, to be administered by any justice of the peace, or collector or supervisor; and they shall not remove any of the said goods from the place of drying, until the duty be first charged, entered, and marked, on pain of forfeiting 20I. half to the king, Twojustices to and half to the informer. Any two justices residing near, may hear and deter- hear an^ determine offences; who shall, on information or complaint in three months after seizure made, or offence committed, summon the party accused, and the witnesses, and, on appearance or contempt of the party (on proof of notice given),

shall

LIBFft

Leather. 1 o 1

/hall examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment, and issue warrants for levying the pecuniary penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed in six days). And they may mitigate the penalties, the charges of the officers being always allowed over and above the mitigation ; and so as the mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one fourth part, over and above the charges. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions. And no certiorari shall be allowed.

Linen Cloth, Silks, and Cottons.

NO person shall use or wear in any apparel, any printed, 7 G.p. ?. c. > painted, stained, or dyed callico, on pain of 5I. to the in- Penalty for former, on conviction, on the oath of one witness before one weaMnt>* justice* who shall, on information, on oath, in six days after the offence, summon the party, and, upon his appearance or contempt, examine the matter, and, on proof by confession, or oath of one witness, determine the same, and, on conviction, cause the penalty to be levied by distress and sale, rendering the overplus (charges of distress and fa provided that persons aggrieved may ter-sessions, giving six days notice.

Upon oath made by any person, that he hath reason to fuf- 7 G,Jl. 1. r. 7* pedl that any such stuffs are in the custody of any draper or other person for his use, without having thereupon such Unstamped fiamps or marks as the law directs; two of §oods‘ within the bills, and two justices elsewhere, shall issue their warrant to any officer of the customs, with the assistance of a constable, in the day time, to search for the same, and to seize such goods, and bring them to the next office for the said duties. One moiety of the penalties and forfeitures on this act shall be to the king, and the other moiety to him who shall sue. If any question shall arise, whether any of the said stuffs wholly made of cotton were manufactured in Great Britain ; the proof shall lie on the owner, and not on the prosecutor. — Blue cloths ex* The penalties of this act shall not extend to l'uch cloths as are emPted* dyed altogether in blue.

e being first deducted): appeal to the next quar- Power of

A peal.

Malt.

THE justices in sessions, and the steward in the leet, may 2 G? 3^.6 hear and determine the time for making malt, as well by pre- of m*k-fentment of twelve men, as by accusation or information of in'g, by* whom two honest witnesses. If the bailiffs and constables of the determined, town where malt shall be made, or put to sale, shall find it to Mait adul-be evil made or mingled with evil malt, they shall, with the terated* advice of one justice, cause it to be sold to such persons, and

at

BLftlL:' a. ratal

102

Malt.

s

12 Ann.ft. I.

c. 2.

Prawback in ceita>n cases.

3 C. 3. *. 13:

54 G. 2. f. 40. ^plication of penalties.

j C.2./. 2,

*. 16.

Power of appeal.

it Ann* ft. I. e. 2.

at such reasonable prices, and under the common price of the market, as to him shall seem necessary and expedient.

After the duty is paid* if any quantity shall be damaged by the finking of the vessel in which the malt shall be transported from one part of the kingdom to another; the justices shall, at the next sessions, on proof of such damage and of the payment of the duty, settle the quantity of the damage, and the allowance to be made in respect thereof, and give a certificate of the sum allowed, which shall bear the same proportion to the whole duty, as the damage shall bear to the value of the malt: on producing of which certificate, the officer shall repay or allow to the proprietor the sum certified. But where such loss shall happen, the person who shall sustain the same, shall three days before the next sessions, leave notice thereof in writing with the collector of the district where the loss shall happen, and of his intention of applying to the said sessions. — After the duty is paid, if any malt shall be destroyed by fire ; the owner may make proof thereof by two witnesses on oath, and of his having paid the duty, at the next quarter-sessions, where such accident shall happen ; who shall grant a certificate of such loss, on producing of which, the duty shall be repaid.

Every maltster, in any city or suburbs thereof, or market town, shall give notice in writing to the officer of excise, twenty-four hours (and elsewhere forty-eight hours) before he or she shall begin to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt; and if they do not begin at the time, they are to give fresh notice. The hours of setting to work mufl be between four A. M. and nine P. M.

Neglecting or refusing to give notice, or fresh notice, if this becomes void; or not covering the whole with water, or wetting at improper hours, or not continuing the same covered with water for full forty hours; or adding fresh grain to the corn in sleeping, after the account hath been taken by the officer, shall forfeit iool.

The penalties relating to this article (except where it is otherwise directed) shall be sued for, levied, and mitigated as by the laws of excise, or in the courts at Westminster ; and be applied half to the use of the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Persons aggrieved by any judgment of the justices, may appeal to the next quarter-sessions, giving six days notice in writing.

And the sessions may award costs to either party, to be levied by warrant of the justices, or two of them, on the goods of the party. And no certiorari shall be allowed, to set aside any order of the justices.

Paper.

0 rig'if. a I fren L-

Go

Paper. (Plate, &c.)

- . /

Paper.

ALL the excise laws shall be in force for managing these duties; and the penalties shall be sued for, levied, mitigated and disposed of, as by the laws of excise.

By 2 1 G. 3. c. 24. the statutes of 10 and 21 Ann, and 13 1 G. 3. respecting the duties on paper, &c. are repealed, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof.

After the duties by this act imposed on paper, &c. if any quantity of paper, &c. shall happen to be damaged by the calling away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the said paper shall be transported from one part of this kingdom to another within the same, the justices of the peace where such accident shall happen, shall, at the next general quarter-sessions to be held for such county, &c. upon proof of such damage, and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the quantity of the damage; and give a certificate under their hands and seals of the Turn allowed. Where any such loss or damage shall happen as aforesaid, the person or persons who shall fuilain the same shall, three days at lead before the next quarter-sessions, give or leave notice, in writing thereof with the collector of excise, of his and their intention of applying, at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, for an allowance in respect of such damage or loss.

Plate.

(EVERY goldsmith, silversmith, and plate-worker, shall, before he takes upon him to exercise the said trade, enter his name and mark, and place of abode, with the wardens of the company where an assayer is: And if he shall not make such entry, or shall strike any other mark, but what is so entered, he shall forfeit double value, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

No goldsmith or silversmith shall fell any piece of plate or goods, or any ware in which the quantity of gold shall be of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or in which the quantity of silver shall be of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, unless he shall have first paid a duty of 5I. for a licence. And this licence to be taken out yearly, ten days before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out the first licence ; under a penalty of 20I. This act extends to persons felling gold or silver plate by auction, and also to pawnbrokers and refiners, who are required yearly to renew their licence.

Prosecutions for offences against this act maybe in the courts at Westminster; or otherwise, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same may be before three commissioner* of excise, and in case of appeal before the com mif-

sioners

103

24 G, 2. c. 40. Excise laws applicable.

21 G, 3. e. 24. Other duties granted.

Drawback of duties.

Notice of application.

12 £? 13 W.

c. 4.

Goldsmich's entry-

Penalty for not making it.

32 G 2. c. 34.

Duty to be pai4 for a licence, yearly.

31 G. 2. c, 32* Before whom prosecuted.

104 Excise.

31 G. 2. c. 32.

Penalties levied by distress.

32 G. 2. c. 24. May be mitigated.

31 G. 2. c. 3»' Id.

Disposal of forfeitures.

sioners of appeal; and elsewhere, before two justices residing near to the place where the offence was committed.

And the said of and justices respectively, shall, upon complaint or information on oath, summon the part/ accused; and, upon his appearance or contempt, shall proceed to the examination of the fatt ; and, on due proof being made thereof by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give judgment; and issue warrants under their hands for levying the penalties by distress (if not redeemed in fourteen days) ; and for want of sufficient distress, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction is made.

And they may mitigate the penalties of 20I. as by the laws of excise.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

All forfeitures (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being deduced) shall be distributed, half to the king, and half to him who shall inform or sue.

Salt.

s w. c. 7 .

Officer to take

the oaths.

10 ii IV* c %

22.

Allowance to tehners.

7 & 8 IP. r. 31.

Weight to be (worn to.

Price regulated.

NO person shall be capable of any office relating to these duties (other than that of chief commissioner) until he shall, before two of, or two justices of the peace where he shall be appointed officer, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and the oath of office.

When any rock salt, for which the duties shall have been paid orfecured, shall be melted and refined, the person who shall refine it, shall have an abatement out of the duty of the white salt, of so much as was charged on the said rock so melted and refined ; so as the rock so refined were before the melting thereof weighed in the presence of the officer; and so as oath be first made before a justice near adjoining, of the particular quantity of rock salt by such refiner employed in making the said white salt; and so as due proof be made upon oath or otherwise, that the duties for the said rock salt so refined were paid or secured.

The collector shall provide at every salt-work or pit, sufficient feales and weights for weighing the salt that shall be delivered from thence; and one or more persons living near, shall be admitted and sworn to the true weighing of such salt, before one justice near adjoining, without fee; and he shall be paid by the collector or officer for the duties. The lord mayor and aldermen in London, and the justices of the peace in the country at their general sessions, may set and publish in writing the prices of salt, and alter the same as there shall be occasion ; and persons refusing to fell at such price, or felling at a higher price, shall forfeit 5I. half to the king, and half to the informer, by distress, by warrant of the lord mayor, or any such

Go

. Origii al fi

105

Excise. (

futh justice \ and in default of sufficient distress, shall be im-' pr'ifoned nil paid.

No person dealing in salt, shall fell it otherwise than by weight, after the rate of 56 pounds to the buftiel, on pain of 5I. to the informer ; to be determined by two justices redding near: And the party grieved may appeal to the next sessions. And the said justices shall, on complaint, summon the party accused, and, on appearance or contempt, examine the matter, and, on proof by the oath of two witnesses, or confession, give judgment, and shall issue their warrant to levy the same by distress, and cause sale thereof to be made, if not redeemed in six days, rendering the overplus, and for want of sufficient distress, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction is made.

No person shall buy salt otherwise than by weight, and not by measure; on pain of 10s. a bufiiel, and so proportionably.

Where any salt that hath paid duty is loft at sea, the merchant or owner of the salt shall, on proof made by the oath of two witnesses, whereof the master or mate shall be one, at the quarter-sessions, that the same was not occasioned by any negligence or default of the master or mariners, receive from the said sessions a certificate that such proof was made before them ; and, on producing the certificate to the salt officer, he shall let him buy the like quantity duty free.

If any person is aggrieved by an order of two justices relating to the duties upon salt, or to any forfeiture or offence concerning the same, he may appeal to,the next quarter-sessions.

But no dealer in salt shall act as a justice of the peace in any matter relating to the duties upon salt; and if there shall not be a sufficient number of justices in any corporation, not dealers in salt, the justices of the county shall have power to act therein.

Soap,

THE duty on all soap made within the kingdom, is one penny half-penny a pound.

No maker shall have any private pipe or conveyance, on pain of 200I. And if any person shall obstruct the officer in his search, he shall forfeit fool. Provided, that if uponsearch no such pipe shall be found, the officer shall make good the damage done to the ground, wall, or other place, or make satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices ; or he may bring his action for the damages.

If the officer shall have cause to suspect, that soap is privately making in any place, or that any soap is concealed with intent to avoid the duty, in such case, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or onejustice residing near to the place, letting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commis-

P doner

9£fio JV.ct. . To be fold only by weight.

Penalty, with power of appeal*.

I An. ft. I. c. at.

Penalty on buyer.

2^3 An. c. 14.

Allowance of duty.'

10 & 11 w.

C. 23.

Person* aggrieved may appeal.

1 Ann. ft. I. c. 21.

No dealer to act as a justice*

Duty on soap.

17 G. 3. e. 52* Penalty on private pipe, Sec. Officer obstructed. Damage, when and how to be made good*

5 G' 3- <* 43-

Concealment to avoid du:y*

I

106

Soap, privately made, seized.

23 G. 2. t. 21.

Condemned in twenty days.

Power of appeal.

Mitigation of penalty.

tz G, c. 30. Concealment of spirits.

OSicer miy enter, but if by night, with a cunftable.

10 6f II W.) c. 4.

Warrant to officer, on oath. Spirits and vessels seized.

Claimant's forfeiture.

floner or judice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable), to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away as forfeited, all such soap, as he shall there find so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making of soap ; and likewise all such soap as he shall find so concealed, together with the boxes or other package: And the person that shall be found privately making soap, or in whose possession such soap shall be found, shall forfeit iool.

Where any such soap shall be seized as forfeited, and no person shall claim the same in twenty days, the juRices shall proceed to trial and condemnation thereof. And the judgment thereon shall not be liable to any appeal, or be removed by certiorari. But in any other case, if the party is not satis-Jied with any judgment of the justices, he may appeal to the next quarter-session. And on information, the mitigation shall not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, over and above the cods to be allowed. '

Spirituous Liquors.

IF any officer of the excise have cause to suspect, that any foreign spirits shall be fraudulently concealed in any place, entered or not entered, ifit is within the bills of mortality, then on oath made before two of, if elsewhere, before one judice, where he suspects them to be concealed, setting forth the ground of his suspicion ; he or they may, by special warrant, authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a condable) to enter, seize, and carry away the same as forfeited, together with the calks or vessels : And if any person shall obdrutt such officer, he shall forfeit iool.

If any officer of excise shall have cause to suspect any private dill, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wafti, or other materials prepared for distillation, to be set up or kept in any place, and shall make affidavit before a judice of the peace, and therein declare the grounds of his suspicion, he may, in the day-time, and in presence of a condable, by warrant from such judice to be directed to such officer of excise, break open the door, or any part of such suspected house or place, and enter and seize the same, and detain them there; and if they shall not, in twenty days, be claimed by the owner, they shall be forfeited, and sold at the next general day of sale; and if they be claimed in twenty days, the person claiming shall forfeit, for every warehouse or other place, in which any such dill, back, or other vessel shall be found, and also for every such dill, back, and other vessel found therein, 200I.

He

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

He shall, by a subsequent act, incur this forfeiture, whether he shall make any such claim or not.

In case any officer or officers of excise shall know, or have cause to suspect, that any private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wash, or other materials, preparing for distillation, are set up or kept in any house or place : if such house or place shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise, upon oath made by such officer or officers before the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them; or, in case the same shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall suspect the same to be set up and kept, setting forth the ground of such his or their suspicion ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of excise, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, by day or night (but if in the night-time, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein), to break open the doors or any part of such house or place, where he or they shall so know or fuf-pedl such private or concealed still, back. See. are so set up and kept, and to enter into such house or place, and to seize all and every such Hills, or other vessels, and all such materials preparing for distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the place where the same shall be so discovered and found ; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful owner thereof, then the said materials for distillation shall be absolutely forfeited, and the proprietor of any such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, or the person in whose custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every place in which such private still, back, or other vessel, shall be found, and also for every such still, back, and vessel, found therein, the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any person or persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or others in their duty, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

And, from September 29, 1793, any person who shall be found aiding and assisting in any private distillation, shall forfeit 30I. over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor, or other person in whose custody or possession the same shall be found, is now subject and liable unto ; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons acting in their aid and assistance, to flop,

P 2 arrest.

IO7

106? 11 W. e. ii. or if not claiming,

23 G. 3. c. 7.

Private dill or back, &c.

May be ftiztd.

Claimed in tea days, or forfeited.

Penalty on proprietor.

Officer obtruded.

33 G. 3. c. 70. Aiding and assisting, how punished.

108

jo m 11 iv.

e 4*

Damage made good, if no still be found.

Penalty on ob« structing officer. J9 G. 3. r. 50.

Who deemed a

common <Jif-tiiler.

joGf 11 TV. c 4.

Fraudulent conveyance of liquor.

10 & 1 x IV, e. 4.

Ground broken up for learch.

Excise. (Spirituous . J

arrest, and detain all persons so discovered, and to convey them before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein, such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid: and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner as herein-after is directed ; and on such offender or offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid, shall and may, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, &c. there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months: and the person or persons so convicted, again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the term of one year, or until the said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid.

But if, on breaking open any such dofcr or house, no such private still, or other vessel for distillation, shall be found, the officer shall make good the house or place so broken up, or make satisfaction to the owner to be adjudged by the two next justices (1 i£.); or the party injured may bring his action for the damages; and if any person shall obilrudt such officer, he shall forfeit 200I.

Every person keeping any wash for distillation, and having in his poflession any still, the cubic contents of which, when the head is on, will amount to two gallons, proof thereof being made, by the oath of one witness, before one commissioner of excise or justice, shall be deemed a common distiller for sale, and liable to the survey and duties.

No distiller shall have any private pipe or flop cock, or other conveyance, by which any wash or other liquors fit for distillation may be conveyed from one back or vessel to another, on pain of jool.

The excise officer, in the day time, and in presence of a constable, on request made and cause declared, may break up the ground, house, wall, &c. through or into which any such pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and may break or cut any such

I

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

such pipe or other conveyance, and may turn any cock to try whether such pipe may convey any waffi or other liquor. — And if no such pipe or private conveyance be found, the officer shall make good the ground, wall, house, or other place, or make reasonable satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices (i or the party injured may bring his action for damage?; the same to be paid by the of out of the revenue of excise. And if any person ob-ftrud such officer, he shall forfeit iool.

The officer at all times, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a conilable, oath being firit made before a justice dwelling near, of a probable cause of suspecting a concealment) may *enter all such warehouses, (hops, or other places, and by tailing, gaging, or otherwise, take an account of the quantity or quality ; and if any such retailer shall hinder the officer, he shall forfeit 50I.

No foreign spirits, although under one gallon, shall be received into the custody of any retailer, without a permit, fig-nifyingthat the duties were paid, or that they had been condemned, on pain of forfeiting the same, and the vessel.

No person shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, mixed or unmixed, without a licence taken out ten days before, for which he shall pay 40s. yearly. And such person shall also be licensed to fell ale, &c. by two or more justices of the peace.

And the justices of the peace, and other officers, shall have the same j urisdidlion over such retailers of spirituous liquors, as they have over ale-house-keepers. [See ale-houses ]

Persons retailing, or felling less than two gallons, without licence, shall forfeit tol. and on non-payment when demanded, one juliice, on oath of such neglect, shall commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months, or till paid.

And the said penalty shall in no case be mitigated below the sum of 5I.

The justices may, if they think proper, instead of levying the penalty, commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months. All the distilled spirituous liquors that shall be then, or at any time within six months after conviction, found in his custody, shall, by warrant of the said of, or of one justice, be seized, and staved, or otherwise destroyed : And any peace or parijk officer, authorized by such warrant, may, at any time, in six months after conviction, enter such places, and break open doors, if not opened on demand. And if any person shall offend again in like manner, the of or justices before whom he shall be convicted of such subsequent offences, may

# No mention is here made of a warrant, but only of his having made oath. It should seem that a warrant would be necessary to justify the officer's entrance.

in ft id

109

Private convey- ance found.

9 G. 2. c. 25* Account of quantity and quality takeo*

8 G. c. 18. Permit tequir-ed, on pain of forfeiture.

16 G. 2. r. 8. Licence necest* fary.

2 G. 2. c. 2S. Granted as to fellers of ale, &c.

16 fr. 2. C. 8.

Penalty, if not licensed.

26 G. 2. c. 13. Without mitigation.

9 G. 3. c. 6. Commitment in lieu of pe« nalty.

Liquors seized. Parish officer may enter.

Second offence.

no

Form of conviction.

24 G. 3. c. 4c.

Search) by whom.

Excise. (Sp Liquors.)

inflid the penalties by any former law to be inflicted for such offence, and also commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding three months.

And the conviction shall be in this form, or to the like effect, viz. ;

Middlesex. A. B. is consisted on his own confession (or on the

oath of A. W.) of having fold firong waters in the parish of-- —

in this county, on the -- day of ----- ---, without being duly

licensd thereto : This is the first or second conviction. Given under my hand andfeal, &c.

And the of, or one justice, on oath of any offence against this act, may grant a warrant to any of the peace officers, or other parish officer, to enter and search the houses and other places, where the offence shall be sworn to have been committed, or in the occupation of the persons sworn to be guilty thereof, and they may break open the doors, if not opened on demand, and seize all such dillilled spirituous liquors as they shall there find, and detain the same, till the offence shall be heard and determined ; and if the offender be convicted, the liquors shall be forthwith staved ; and if he be not convicted, the same shall be restored.

No person shall hawk, fell, or expose to sale any spirituous liquors, about the streets, highways, or fields, in any wheelbarrow or basket, or on the water in any boat, or in any other manner; or shall sell or expose the same to sale, on any bulk, flail, or shed, or any place other than in taverns, victualling-houses, inns, coffee-houses, or ale-houses, on pain of ioh — And one justice, on his own view, or confession, or proof of How convicted. one witness, may convict him ; whereupon he shall immediately pay the iol. to a churchwarden or overseer: And, on refusal or neglect, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for two months, to be reckoned from the day of commitment; and he shall not be discharged till he pay the sum, or till the two months be expired. If there is no informer, it shall be wholly to the use of the poor; otherwise half to the informer, and half to the poor.

11 G. 2. c. a6. And any one justice, on information on oath against such Warrant issued. Person* may (without any previous summons) issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing him before such justice where the offence was committed. And any person may seize and detain him, unril he may give notice to the constable. Offender seized. churchwarden, overseer, or other peace or parish officer, who shall carry the person so seized and detained, before a justice of the peace, who shall proceed thereon as in the case where he is brought by the constable.

No licence shall be granted for retailing of any spirituous liquors within any gaol, prison, or house of correction, work-house, or house of entertainment for parish* poor. And any justice, on information on oath that spirituous liquors or

Itrong

9 G. 2. c. 23.

belling in basket, &c. &c.

17 G. 2. c. 17.

Penalry, how applies.

14 G. 2. c. 4c.

FJn spirituous liquors in gaols, &c.

L

4

MS-

of-

ICS

r«

i-

k

f

Excise. ( Spirituous Liquors.)

Irorg waters are kept and disposedof in any such place, may I enter and search, or empower by warrant any constable to search forandfeize all such liquors as shall be found (except such as aredireded to be used medicinally), and to slave and destroy the same. And if any person shall bring, or endeavour to bring any such liquors (except in the way of medicine, as before-mentioned) into any such gaol or other place, the gaoler or his servants may apprehend and carry such offender before any justice of the peace, who shall hear and determine such offence in a summary way ; and if by the oath of one witness, or otherwise, such person shall be convicted, he shall be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless he shall immediately pay down such fine not exceeding 20I. and not less than iol. as the justice shall impose, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor of such prison or workhouse. And the gaoler, keeper, matter, or other officer, shall procure a copy of this regulation, to be printed or fairly written, and hung up in one of the most public places of his gaol, house of correction, or workhouse aforesaid, and renew the same from time to time, so that it be always kept fair and legible, on pain of 40s. by warrant of one justice, on oath of one witness. And any justice may enter and demand a light of it; and if it shall not be shewn to him hung up in some public place fair and legible, he shall immediately convict such person, and (o from time to time, as often as he shall think fit; half to be to the informer, and half (or the whole, if there be no informer) to the poor of such gaol or other place. No person shall recover any debt on account of spirituous liquors, unless it shall bona fide have been contracted at one time to the amount of 20s. or upwards : And if any retailer, with or without a licence, shall take any pawn by way of security for payment of any money for such liquors, he shall forfeit 40s. by warrant of one justice, half to the poor, and half to the informer; and the owner shall have such remedy for recovering such pawn, as if it had never been pledged.

If any persons, to the number of five or more, shall, in a riotous manner, assemble to rescue any offenders against any act relating to spirituous liquors, or to assault any person who shall have given or is about to give any information against, or shall seize or bring to justice any offender, he, his aiders and abettors, shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

Sellers without a permit, or pedlars with one, punishable as in the case of tea. Sec.

For spirits drawn from British corn, there was to be allowed a drawback by the excise officers at the port of shipping, of 4I. 18s. a ton, in Full of all drawbacks.

There was to be an additional drawback of 24I. 103. a ton on all British-made spirits exported; oath being made before

two

111

Persons bringing them, how puni&ed.

Prohibition hung up in the gaol, &c.

Penalty for ne-

glcCf.

Debt for

spirituous li- »

quors not recoverable.

24 G. 2. c. 4c. Assembly to rescue.

9 G. 2. r. 35.

6 G. 2. c. 17. Drawback on British spirits,

33 G. 2. c. 9

I

112

Exported for merchandize*

No drawback for storea shipped in small vessels. z G. 3. c 5.

Drawback, by whom paid.

33 G.i. c. 9. Quantity and size of veiTeli limited.

6 G. 3. e. 46*

8 G. 3. c, 25*

Eond delivered) on certificate produced.

19 C. 3. e. 22. Drawback on rum, as stores. 24 G. 2. c. 40.

Certificate of convictions.

To be admitted as eyidence.

Excise. (Spiritu'ous Liquors.)

two of of excise, or justices of the peace, that the duties were paid, and that the same were to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas. And on oath being made before one commissioner or justice of the peace, or other person authorized by the of, that the duties are paid, and that the same are to be shipped as stores to be spent in the voyage; and on certificate from the officer of excise where such spirits were shipped, of the quantity so shipped, and that the same were proof spirits, and shipped in thfc presence of such officer, the duty shall be allowed or paid back* Provided, that no drawback shall be allowed for spirits shipped as stores, in any vessel of less than 100 tons burden.

On oath made before two of of excise, or justices of the peace for the place from which spirits are intended to be exported, that the same were drawn and made in Great Britain from corn under the regulations of this act, and that the same are to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; the distiller shall be paid by the commissioners of excise, or their collector for the port or place where such spirits shall be shipped, the bounty of 3I. 12s. a ton, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity.

Provided, that no drawback shall be allowed, for any British-made spirits, exported as merchandize, in any cask containing less than 100 gallons, or in any vessel of less burthen than 100 tons.

---- Except to Africa and Newfoundland; unto which

places they may be exported as merchandize, in any vessel not being of less burthen than 70 tons.

On oath made before two of or justices, that the rum is to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; and on producing a certificate from the excise-officer of the quantity shipped, and that a certificate was produced from the proper officer of delivery from the warehouse, on bond being given for the due exportation thereof, and also upon delivery of such last-mentioned certificate, the person having custody of the bond for payment of the duties, shall deliver it up; or if only a part of the rum contained in the bond shall be certified to be shipped off, then such quantity shall be in-dorfed upon the bond.

A like drawback shall be allowed for two years, for rum exported as stores to be spent in the voyage.

The justices within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall once every month transmit to the clerk of the peace, a certificate of all person s convicted before them for any offences against this or any former act relating to spirit-uous liquors, or for licensing the retailers thereof; who shall keep and enter the same among the records of the court: which certificate shall be evidence upon any information relating to spirituous liquors*

Starch

1

1

1

a

1

i

t

i

1

i

I

1

n

I

i

Starch and Hair Powder.

Al3

IF any officer of the duties upon llarch or of the customs, 23 G* 2# c shall have any cause to suspect that /larch is privately making in any place, or concealed; that upon oath made before any u pe commissioner or justice residing near, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may issue his warrant, to authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable), to enter such suspected place, and seize and carry away the same, with the materials, as forfeited, together with the boxes and other things containing it:' And unless the party make it appear that the duty has been paid, he shall forfeit 50I.; and if any person obstruct the officer, he shall forfeit tool.

The officers of excise or customs may seize any llarch or hair 4 C. 5. e. 14. powder, with the horses and package, where they have good Horses and reason to suspect that it hath been privately made, or imported Packa8c fe»*d* without payment of duty, or re-landed after drawback: and shall in ten days exhibit an information before three of of excise, or two justices near where the seizure is made; and if the party doth not make it appear that the duty hath been paid, it shall be forfeited, together with the horses and package; and the offender shall likewise forfeit 5I. for every hundred weight.

And where any such llarch shall be seized as forfeited, and *3 G. f* no person shall claim the same in twenty days, the justices shall ?°twe proceed to trial and condemnation thereof: And the judgment thereon shall not be liable to appeal, nor be removed by certiorari.

If the party is not satisfied with any judgment of the justices, on the act of 23 G. 2. c. 21, above-mentioned, he may appeal power of ap. to the next quarter-sessions (except in the case before-men- peal, tioned, where no person shall claim the goods seized), and the mitigation on the said act of 23 G. 2. shall not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, over and above the charges*

Exportation.

IF any person in Great Britain or Ireland shall pack or put zi G. 3. c. 30.

on board any vessel, for exportation to foreign parts, any Tools to be ex-machine, tool, or utensil, used in the woollen, cotton, linen, ^t}*jdx*eJnd may or silk manufacturers, or any model of such machines. See, any c e,zc jo (lice may grant a warrant for seizing such machines, &c. and bringing such person before him ; and if a satisfactory account be not given to the justice, he may detain such machines, and bind the party to appear at the next assizes, or quarter-sessions of the peace, with reasonable sureties; and, on neglect of giving security, the party may be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept until the next af-

sizes.

ii4

Exportation.

Furtherpenalty.

Offender bound to feUions.

(izes, or next quarter-sessions; and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be convi<9ed, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit all such machines, &c. but also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ; and shall also suffer imprisonment in the common gaol, prison, or house of correction, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

And if oath shall be made before a justice of any such prohibited machines, &c. being intended to be exported, they may be seized and detained, and the person in whose possession they are found may be bound to nppear at the next assizes, or quarter-sessions of the peace.

Extortion.

i Haw, 170.

Extortion,

what.

Dalt. c. 41. Justices' dues.

Dalt, c. 41. Officers demands, how regulated.

EXTORTION, in a large sense, signifies any oppression under colour of right; but in adrift sense, it dgnifies the taking of money by any officer, by colour of his office, either where none at all is due, or not so much is due, or where it is not yet due.

The justices of the peace are bound by their oath of office, to take nothing for their office of judice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accudomed, and costs limited by datute.

And generally, no public officer shall take any other fees or rewards, for doing any thing relating to his office, than feme datute in force gives him, or than hath been anciently and accudomably taken ; and if he do otherwise, he is guilty of extortion. The fees in sessions, for traveling, trying, or discharging indictments, discharging recognizances, and the like, do vary according to the different customs in different places.

Felony.

Felony various. w0u^ be very tedious to set down every thing which may ; JL be comprehended under this word Felony; therefore it is

necessary to refer the consideration of the several particular kinds of felonies to their respective titles; as Homicide, Robbery, Burglary, Rape, Coin, Forgery, and especially Larceny. — The course and whole procedure of trying an offender, is treated of under the title Sessions.

3 y. c. 10. The felon shall pay the charges of his carrying to gaol, if

Felon to payable 5 to be levied by didrefs, by warrant of one judice.

charges of con- *

teyance. 1

mm

Felony.

^5

If he is not able, the same shall be paid, by order of such justice, by the treasureout of the county rate; and in Middlesex, by the overseers of the poor, where the party was apprehended*

The court, before whom any person hath been tried and convictedof any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, may, at the prayer of the prosecutor, and, on consideration of his circumstances, order the treasurer of the county in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay him such sum as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the expences he was put to in carrying on the prosecution, with a reasonable allowance for his time and trouble.

The justices in sessions may lay down or alter, from time to time, such rules and regulations concerning any colls or charges thereafter to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act; which rules and regulations have received the approbation and (ignature of one or more of the judges ofaflize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

When any person shall appear on recognizance to give evidence, whether any bill of indictment be preferred or not, the court may order the treasurer to pay him such sum as they shall think reasonable.

Every person, charged with any felony or other crime, against whom no bill of indidiment shall be found, or who shall, on trial, be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by proclamation for want of prosecution, shall be immediately set at large in open court, without paying any fee to the sheriff or gaoler; and such fees as had been usually paid, not exceeding 13s. 4d. for each person, shall, on the certificate of a judge or justice, before whom such prisoner shall have been discharged, be paid out of the general county rate.

27 G. 2. c. 3. How in JMiddle-sex.

2$ G. a. c. 36.

Prosecutor re* compenfed.

x8 G, 3.e. 19. Coils regulated*

27 G. 2. c. 3. Evidence, by whom paid.

14 G. 3. r. 10.

Person acquitted, See. set at large without fee.

Prevention of Felonies.

WHEREAS divers ill-disposed and suspected persons, and 32 G. 3. e. 53. reputed thieves, frequent the avenues to places of public resort, Suspected per-and the streets and highways, with intent to commit felony on fons the persons and property of his Majesty's subjects there being, and although their evil purposes are sufficiently manifest, the power of his Majesty's justices of the peace to demand of them sureties for their good behaviour, hath not been of sufficient effect to prevent them from carrying their evil purposes into execution: From and after the nth of June, 1792, it shall and may be lawful for any constable, headborough, patrole, or maY be aPPrc" watchman, to apprehend every such person, and convey him or hended* them before any justice of the peace : and if it shall appear before the said justice, upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefsor witnesses, that such person or persons is or are a person or persons of evil same, and a reputed thief or thieves, and such

0^2 person

ii 6

how to be dealt

with.

Power of appeal.

Limitation of confinement.

Righti of the city of London preserved,

32 G. 3. e, 53. and of the borough of South* wark.

Continuance of the act.

3 H. H. 357*-How described. 3 Ed. i. c. 9.

4 Infl. 140. How to avoid it.

Prevention of Felonies.

t

person or persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear, to the satisfaction of the said justice, that there is just ground to believe that such person or persons was or were in such avenue, street, or highway aforfc-said, with such intent as aforesaid, every such person shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the statute of 17 G. 2. c, 5. intitled, an act to amend ^nd make more effectual the laws relating to rogues and vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction. If any person shall think himself aggrieved by the judgment of such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter-fef-Tions, such person, at the time of his conviction, entering into a recognizance, with two sufficientfureties, to try such appeal, and to abide the further judgment of the justices at such sessions assembled : If the conviction be affirmed, the justices may proceed as might have been done if the party had been committed : no person convicted under this act shall thereby become liable to any other punishment than imprisonment to hard labour for a term not exceeding six months, taking into the computation any actual imprisonment such person shall have suffered by his commitment until such fession.

Nothing in this act shall deprive the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, of any rights, privileges, or jurisdictions claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within the town and borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof, or to prevent the mayor of the city of London for the time being, and such of the aldermen of the said city who have borne the office of mayoralty, and the recorder of the said city for the time being, from acting as justices of the peace within the said town and borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in cafq this act had not been made.

This act shall continue in force till the first of June, which shall be the year of our Lord 1795, anc* from ^ence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

Misprision of Felony

IS the concealing of a felony which a man knows, but never consented to The punishment of which, in a common person, is fine and imprisonment; in an officer, as sheriff, &c. imprisonment for a year, and ransom at the king's pleasure.

If any person will save himself from the crime of misprision, he must discover the offence to a magistrate with all the speed that he can.

» I

Theftbote

w

Theftbote

IS, where one not only knows of a felony, but takes his goods again* or other amends not to prosecute.

Fireworks.

IF any person shall make or fell any fireworks, or implements for making the same, he shall, on conviction before one justice, or chief magistrate, by confession, or by oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the poor, and half to the prosecutor ; to be levied by distress, by warrant of such justice or chief magistrate. And if any person shall permit the same to be call or fired, from his house or other place theretp belonging, into any public street or road, or any other place, he shall forfeit 20s. in like manner. And if any person shall call or fire the same into any public street, house. See. he shall forfeit 20s. in like manner, or be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, unless he shall sooner pay the forfeiture. But nothing herein shall extend to the office of the ordnance, or to the artillery company.

Fish and Fishing. See Game.

Forcible Entry and detainer.

NONE Oiall make any entry into any lands or tenements, or other poflessions, but where entry is given by the law ; and in such case, not with strong hand, nor with multitude of people, but only in a peaceable and easy manner; on pain of imprisonment and ransom at the king's will.

The party grieved, if he will lose the benefit of his treble damages and costs, may be aided and have the assistance of the justices at the general sessions, by way of indictment on the statute of 8 H. 6.

In the caption of which indictment, it will be sufficient to say, justices afjtgned to keep the peace of our lord the king, without shewing that they have authority to hear and determine felonies and trespasses; for the statute enables all justices of the peace, as such, to take such indictment; and the tenement in which the force was made, must be described with convenient certainty; and must set forth that the defendant actually entered, and ousted the party grieved ; and continueth his possession at the time of finding the indictment.

But if a man's wife, children, or servants do continue in the house or upon the land, he is not ousted of his poflession.

'For

1

117

How described. 2 11. 1x5.

9 10 W. e. 7.

Penalty for felling.

For suffering them to be fined.

Forcaftingthem into any street,

&c.

8 6. c. 9.

Peaceable entry.

Party grieved may indict.

1 Ilazo. 149. Justices described.

Dalt. c. T32. When not ousted.

i

il8

8 H; 6. e. 9.

Complaint, to whom.

Mote justices than one*

Dalt. c* 44. Power of the country*

R. 2* C» 2* To arrest offenders.

E. a. c. 2. Record to be made.

Duplicate made.

15 R. 2. r. 2. Offenders committed*

S if. 6. r. 9.

Justice's precept.

Sheriff's return*

S if. 6. e. 9.

Party reftoied.

31 Eh c. 11. ReiVirution, when forbidden.

I

Forcible Entry detainer.

For a more speedy remedy, the party grieved may complain to any one justice, or to a mayor, sheriff, or bailiff, within their liberties.

But although one justice alone may proceed in such cases, yet it may be adviseable for him, if the time for viewing the force will suffer it, to take to his assistance one or two more justices.

After complaint made to such justice, by the party grieved, of a forcible entry made into lands, tenements, or other possessions, or forcible holding thereof, he shall, within a convenient time, at the costs of the party grieved (without any examining or (landing upon the right or title of either party) take* sufficient power of the county, and go to the place where such force is made.

And if after such entry made, the justice shall find such force, he shall cause the offenders to be arrested.

And such justices ought to make a record of such force by them viewed; which record shall be a sufficient conviction of the offenders, and the parties shall not be allowed to traverse it: And this record, being made out of the sessions, by a particular justice, may be kept by him; or he may make it indented, and certify the one part into the king's bench, or leave it with the clerk of the peace, and the other part he may keep himself.

And the offenders, being arrested (as before is said), shall be put in the next gaol, there to abide convict by the record of the same justice, until they have made fine and ransom to the king.

The justice shall make his precept to the sheriff, commanding him, in the king's behalf, to cause to come before him, sufficient and indifferent persons, dwelling next about the lands so entered, to enquire of such entries; whereof every man shall have lands or tenements of 40s. a year, above re-prizes. And the sheriff shall return issues on every of them, at the day of the first precept returnable, 20s. and at the second day, 40s. and at the third, 100s. and at every day after, double. And the sheriff making default, shall, on conviction before the same justice, or before the judge of assize, forfeit 20I. half to the king, and half to him who shall sue, with costs; and moreover shall make fine and ransom to thq king.

And if such forcible entry or detainer be found before such justice, then the said justice shall cause to refeize the lands and tenements so entered or holden, and shall restore the party put out, to the full possession of the same.

No restitution upon an indictment of forcible entry, or holding with force, shall be made, if the person indicted have had

# All people of the country, as well thefhenffs as others, shall be attendant on the justices, to arrest the offender ; on pain of imprisonment and fine to the king.

Forcible Entry and detainer. l ig|

the occupation, or been in quiet possession for three years together next before the indictment found, and his estate therein not determined; and if it is found against the party indicted, he shall pay such costs and damages as the judges or justices shall assess; to be recovered as costs and damages in judgment on other actions.

Such judges, justices, or justices of the peace, as may give restitution unto tenants of any estate of freehold, may give the like unto tenants for term of years, &c. of lands or tenements by them so holden, which shall be entered upon by force, or holden from them by force.

Although regularly the justices only who were present at the enquiry, and when the indictment was found, ought to award restitution, yet if the record be certified by the justice or justices into the king's bench, the justices of that court may award a writ of restitution to the sheriff, to restore possession to the party expelled. If a forcible entry or detainer shall be made by three persons or more, it is also a riot, and may be proceeded against as such, if no enquiry hath before been made of the force.

217- c. i$. To whom given.

Dalt, c. 44. By whom awarded.

Forcible entry, when a riot.

1

Foreign Service.

ON complaint on oath before a justice, that any person is endeavouring to seduce or draw away any manufacturer or artificer, or that he hath contracted or is preparing to go out of the kingdom, he may issue his warrant to bring such person before him or some other justice; and if it shall appear to such justice by confession, or the oath of one witness, that such person was guilty of any the said offences, he may bind him over to the next assize or sessions, to answer the premises; and if he shall, upon indictment, be there convicted of any such promise or contract, or preparation to go beyond the seas, he shall give such security, not to depart out of the realm, as such court shall think reasonable, and be imprisoned until such security be given.

If any person shall contract with, or endeavour to persuade or seduce any artificer in the manufactures of Great-Britain, to go into any foreign country, not belonging to the crown of Great-Britain, and shall be thereof convicted, in twelve months, in the king's bench, or at the assizes, he shall, for every such person, forfeit 500I. and be imprisoned in the common gaol for twelve months, and till payment of the forfeiture ; and, for a second or other subsequent offence, shall forfeit looool.and be imprisoned two years, and till payment.

If any person shall have in his possession tools or implements proper for the cotton or linen woollen, or silk manufactures, and oath shall be made before one justice that there is reason to believe

35 G,c. 17. Seducing manufacturer*.

*3 G. 2. c. 13.

How punished.

14 G. 3. c. 71.

Tools for manufactures.

120

Foreign Service.

Intended for ex« porution.

Seized, with the offender*

Bailed or committed.

What forfeit.

29 G 2. c* 17. Enlisting in foreign service, felony.

lieve such person hath in his possession such tools or imple* ments, or part thereof, with intent to export the same to some other part or place than Great-Britain or Ireland, such justice shall iflfue his warrant to seize all such tools or imple-ments, and parts thereof, and also to bring the person complained of before him or some other justice : And if he shall not give a satisfactory account to such justice, of the use or purpose to which such tools or utensils are intended to be appropriated, the said justice shall cause the same to be detained, and bind the person so charged, with reasonable sureties, to appear at the next assizes or sessions ; and if he shall not give such security, the justice shall commit him to gaol till the next assizes or sessions, and until he shall be delivered by due courfeoflaw. And if he shall be there convicted, he shall forfeit 200I. All which forfeitures, by this act inflicted on offenders, shall be applied half to the king, and half to him who shall sue.

If any subject shall enlist or enter himself, or if any person shall procure any subject to enlist or enter himself to serve any foreign prince, without his majesty's leave, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. But if any person en-lifted, or enticed to go beyond the seas in order to be enlisted, as a non-commission officer or private soldier, in any foreign service, shall, in fourteen days, voluntarily discover upon oath, before any justice or other civil magistrate, the person by whom he was enlisted or enticed, so as he be convicted, he shall be indemnified.

Forgery.

Bari 244. Conduct of justice.

l8 G. 3. C, l8,

FORGERY is an offence at common law, and an offence also by statute.

Mr. Barlow fays, that a justice of the peace may take an information thereof, bind over the informers, examine the offender, certify his examination to the proper judges, and commit him to prison in order to abide his trial.

If any person shall falsly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or willingly act or assist in the false making, altering, forging.

Felony, to forge or counterfeiting any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or or alter note or. 0 . r , , r

bill for ed. the num‘3er or principal sum of any accountable receipt for

6 any note, bill, or other security for any payment of money, or

any warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods, with intent to defraud any person or corporation 5 or shall utter or publish the same as true* with intent to defraud any person or corporation, knowing the same to be false, he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Frame-Work Knitters.

121

ALL frame-work knitted pieces and dockings, made of 6 G. 3. c.

thread, cotton, worded, or yarn, or of any mixture Frame-work, therewith, shall be marked with the same number of ilet holes, ow marke and no more, as there are threads contained in each piece or pair. And if any frame-work-knitter, holier, or other person, shall sell or expose to sale, any of the said goods, not so marked as aforesaid, he shall forfeit the same, and also 5I. for Selling good* each piece or pair. And one judice where the offence shall be unmarked, committed (not being a frame-work-knitter, holier, or proprietor of frames) may convidl the offender, on the oath of Onejustice. one witness: And if the penalties or forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, the said judice shall issue his warrant to levy the same by didrefs; and if no goods, or not sufficient, can Warrant of dif-be found, such judice shall, on oath made to him by the per- tref*. son who shall have the execution of the warrant, commit the offender to the common gaol of the place where the offence was committed, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalties and forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied. All which penalties and forfeitures shall be applied, half to the informer, and half to the poor. Persons aggrieved ta the may appeal to the sessions: And the justices there, on due p°°J'r of t proof of notice given, and recognizance entered into, shall pc0Jcr ° hear and determine the same. Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to abridge or take away any rights or privileges, of the mader, wardens, and affidants, of the company Who exempt, of frame-work-knitters.

If any frame-work-knitter, who shall rent or hire any dock- 2S G» 3. c. 55, ing frame, with or without any machine or engine thereto annexed, shall at any time refuse to re-deliver such frame, with the machine or engine therewith let to the person of whom he Detaining a or they shall rent the same, having received fourteen days pre- frame lca* oi vious notice for such purpose, the person so offending, being hlred* lawfully convicted by the oath or affirmation of the owner or employer of such frame, or of any other credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more judice or justices of the peace, where such offence shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall relide or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the said judice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer), the person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 20s. to and for the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed ; and if not immediately paid, and the frames returned in six days after conviction, shall be imprisoned in the common gaol or public prison, for not more than three months, nor less than one.

Any person so renting or taking to hire any docking frame, and felling the same without the consent of the owner thereof, being lawfully convicted upon any indictment to be found against him, shall suffer solitary imprisonment in the common gaol Or house of correction where such offence shall have been

R committed.

1 % G. 3. c. Selling it without leave gflh« owner*

122

Cutting or de-ftioying work.

Felony.

10 Ann. c. 6.

A flue of billets.

Justice's duty, to require an oath.

8 G. e. 19. Penalty, how recovered.

Limitation of time.

Frame-Work Knitters.

committed, without bail or mainprize, for a space not less than three calendar months, nor exceeding twelve calendar months; and persons purchasing them, are liable to the same punishment, if lawfully convicted on any indictment to be found against them.

If any person or persons shall, by day or by night, enter by force into any house, (hop, or place, with an intent to cut or destroy any frame-work-knitted pieces, (lockings, or other articles or goods being in the frame, or upon any machine or engine thereto annexed; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy the same; or shall wilfully and maliciously break, destroy, or damage any frame, machine, or utendl, used in making any frame-work-knitted pieces, (lockings, or other goods in the hosiery manufactory, not having the consent of the owner so to do, or shall break or destroy any machinery in any mill or mills used in preparing or (pinning of wool or cotton for the use of the (locking frames, every offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, for any space or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years.

Fuel.

ALL billets shall contain in length three feet and four inches, and be affized and marked; otherwise, on information to a justice of the peace, mayor, or other head officer, he shall call before him fix good and lawful men of the town, and shall swear them truly to enquire and present, whether the same be of good and sufficient assize, and if they shall present that any of them is not sufficient, the same so being deficient, shall be forfeited, and be delivered to the overseers, to be by them distributed to the poor*

Game.

WHERE any person for an offence against any law in being at the making of this act, for the better preservation of the game, shall be liable to pay any pecuniary penalty or sum of money, on conviction before a justice of the peace, the prosecutor may either proceed to recover the same in such manner as that law directs, or he may sue for the same (before the end of the second term after the offence committed, 26 G. 2. c. 2.) by action of debt, or on the case, bill > plaint, or information, in any court of record at Westminster; wherein, if he recovers, he shall have double costs.

Whereas

0

Game.

Whereas a moiety of the said penalty, by several acts, is di-' rested to be applied to the use of the poor of the parish where

I the offence was committed, by reason whereof, inhabitants of the said parish have been* disallowed to give evidence; it is enabled, that it shall be lawful for any person to sue for the whole of such penalty to his own use; and if he recovers, he shall have double costs ; such action to be brought within six months after the offence committed.

Game Certificates.

FROM July i, 1791, the following additional duties are to be paid, viz. for every certificate issued to kill game to any person, not being a game-keeper, an addition of il. is. And to any game-keeper, an addition of 10s. 6d. These duties are to be under the management of the Commissioners for Stamps. All the provisions of 25 G. 3. c. 50. not repealed by 26 G. 3. c. 82, and all the provisions of that act shall extend to this.

The form of conviction in aft 25 G. 3. c. 50, is by this act

I repealed, and the following substituted: From and after the said first day of July, all convictions to be made out by any justice or justices of the peace, upon any offence committed against the said act of the twenty fifth year aforesaid, or of this act, shall be made out in the form, or to the effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be; and every such conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without flaring the case, or the fasts, or evidence, in any more particular manner (that is to say):

(Time of Conviction)

BE it remembered, that on ----- ----- ----- -- —

(Place of Conviction) (Name of Offender) Addition of

Offender) at ----- ----- ----- ---- A. B. ----- ---- of ----- ----- --

(The Name and Style of

was duly convicted before me (or us) — — ----- ----- ----- ----- --

the convicting Justice or Justices) (Name of Offender)

— ----- ----- ----- ---- for that the said- — ----- --A. B. — - — ----- --

(Ti?ne of Offence) (Place of committing Offence)

on ----- ----- ----- - at ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- did (here

fate the offence against the act, according 1othefaft)> contrary to the form of the statute; and I (or <we) do declare and ad-(Name of Offender)

judge that the said ----- ----- A. B. ----- ---- hath forfeited for

his said offence the sum of to be distributed as

the law directs.

N. B. This inconvenience is obviated by an a & passed in the session (2-7 G. 3.) whereby parishioners are qualified to be witnesses against offenders, though the penalties be ordered to be applied to the use of the poor.

R 2 Given

123

21 G# 3. (. 19.

Inhabitants may be witnesses.

31 G. 3. r. ii.

Additional

duty.

New form of conviction.

124

Game Certificates.

Forgery of seal> &c.

Felony*

31 G. 3. c. 21. Parties to whom payable.

22 &2$C. !

c. 25.

Game-keeper's

appointment*

5 Ann .c* 14.

May not fell game.

One in a manor.

9 ^/tn. c. 25.

Penalty on nonentry of his name.

Given under my hand and seal (or our hands and seals) the day and year above-mentioned.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All the duties herein before granted, shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general, for the time being, of the duties on stampt vellum. See. who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of raising the same being de-dufted) into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time, and in such manner, as other duties on stampt vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

Concerning Gamekeepers.

ALL lords of manors, or other royalties, not under the degree of an esquire, may, by writing under their hands and seals, authorize one or more game-keeper or game-keepers, within their respective manors or royalties; and may impower him thereby, upon their own manors, to kill hare, pheasant, partridge, or any other game.

But if the game-keeper shall, under colour thereof, kill or take the same for the use of the lord, and afterwards sell and dispose thereof without the lord's consent, and be convicted, on complaint of such lord, and on oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall be committed to the house of correction for three months, to be kept to hard labour.

But no lord of a manor shall make above one person to be game-keeper within any one manor, with power to kill game. And the name of such person shall be entered with the clerk of the peace where the manor lies; and a certificate thereof shall be granted by the clerk of the peace, on payment of one Shilling.

And if any other game-keeper, whose name is not so entered, who shall not be otherwise qualified by the laws of this kingdom to kill game, shall kill, fell, or expose to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit, for every offence, 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

No

!»l

f«

11

=a

11

ik

2)

'll

31

L

Game

125

r

No lord of a manor shall make any person to be a game-I keeper with power to kill game, unless such person be qua-

Ilified by the laws of the realm so to do ; or unless such person be truly and properly a servant to the said lord.

The game-keeper (so authorized) may search for dogs and engines, and seize the same for the use of the lord, or destroy them.

But it hath been adjudged, that an authority from the lord of the manor is not of itself sufficient for this purpose, but that he ought to have a warrant from a justice of the peace, after information and oath of the offence first made.

Every person, not having lands and tenements, or some other ellate of inheritance, in his own or his wife's right of the clear yearly value of iool. per annum*, or for term of life, or not having lease or leases of 99 years, or for any longer

Iterm, of the clear yearly value of 1501. (other than the Ion and heir apparent of an esquire, or other person of higher degree, and the owners and keepers of forests, parks, chafes, or warrens, being flocked with deer or conies for their ne-ceiTary use, in respect of the said forells, parks, chafes, or warrens) is hereby declared to be a person by the laws of this realm, not allowed to have or keep for himself or any other person, any guns, bows, greyhounds, setting dogs, ferrets,

(nets, gins, snares, or other engines for the taking and killing of game.

If any person, not qualified by the laws of this realm so to do, shall keep or use any greyhounds or setting dogs, or any engines, to kill and destroy game, and shall be thereoff convicted on the oath of one credible witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods; for want of distress, he shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months. — And any justice, and lord within his manor, may take away such dogs, nets, or other engines, which shall be in the power or custody of any person not qualified.

The constable, authorized by a justice's warrant, shall enter into and search the houses, outhouses, or other places belonging to such houses of suspected persons not qualified. And if any hare, partridge, or other game, shall be found, the offender shall be carried before a justice; and if such person do not, in some convenient time, to be set by the justice, produce the party of whom he bought the same, or some other credible person, to depose upon oath such sale thereof, he shall be convicted by the said justice of such offences, and, upon such conviction, shall forfeit, for every hare, partridge, or other game, any sum not under 5s. and not exceeding 20s. half to

Upon this it hath been shrewdly remarked, that there is fifty times the property required to enable a man to kill a partridge, as to vote for a knight of I the shire. 4 BJackJ}. 175.

f See AppendU, No. 25, 26^27, a8.

the

3 O. r. 11. Who may be appointed.

22 & 13 C, i. f. 25.

Game keeper's power.

Cam, 183.

Not without warrant.

22 & 23 C. a. *5-

Whoqualified to kill game.

5 Ann, c. 14.

Penalty, if not qualified.

4 & 5 JV r.*3#

Constable may search.

Offender, how dealt with.

126

Game.

5 Ann. e. 14J Higlers and carriers felling or buying game.

5 Ann. e. 14, Game may te seized.

a8 G. 2. *. 12.

Poulterer

punifluble.

*5 G. 3. c: 50.

Certificate to be taken out*

TTansmitted to the {lamp-office.

zs G. 3. c. 50, Penalty.

the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want © f-distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for not more than one month, nor less than ten days, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

If any higler, chapman, carrier, innkeeper, victualler, or alehouse-keeper, shall have in his custody or possession, or shall buy, fell, or offer to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, unless such game in the hands of such carrier to be sent up by some person qualified; (or if any person whatsoever, whether qualified or not, shall fell, expose, or offer to sale any hare, pheasant. partridge, moor, heath-game, or grouse, 28 G. 2. e. 12.) he shall be carried before a justice where the offence is committed; and being convicted thereof (in three months after the offence) on view, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit, for every hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. the (um of 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress: for want of distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction, for the first offence, three months, and for every other offence, four months.

And any justice of the peace, and lord within his manor, may take away any such hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. from any such higler, chapman. See. or any other person not qualified, which shall be found in his custody or possession.

If any hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. shall be found in the (hop, house, or possession of any poulterer, salesman, &c. or of any person not qualified in his own right to kill game, or intitled thereunto under some person so qualified, it shall be deemed an exposing thereof to sale.

The act 24 G. 3. Sejf. 2. c. 43, being repealed, it was enacted, by 25 G. 3. e. 50, that from and after July 1, 1785, every person delivering into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for the county where he shall reside, an account of his name and place of abode, shall be annually entitled to a certificate thereon, paying two guineas for the same; and every deputation of a game-keeper shall be registered with the clerk of the peace, and a certificate shall annually be taken out, chargeable with a stamp of 10s. 6d. Every person, reading in cities and towns that are counties of themselves, and have no clerks of the peace, may apply to the office of the clerk of the peace of any county, riding, or place adjoining to such city or town, for the purpose of receiving such certificate.

Gorred lifts of certificates are annually to be transmitted to the stamp-office by the several clerks of the peace, under a penalty of 20I. which lifts may be inspected by any person on paying is. and no more; and those lifts shall once or more in a year be inserted by the of of stamp-duties in the newspapers of each county, or such other public newspaper as they shall think proper.

Any person, who, after July 1, 1785, shall (hoot at or kill any game, without a certificate as is above-mentioned , shall forfeit 20I.

Any

Jl.

Game.

127

Any person having obtained such certificate, and producing it, may require the certificate of any person using any dog,

I* gun, or net, for destroying game, to be produced ; and the person refusing to shew the same, or, not having produced it, refusing to give in his christian and fumame, and the place of his residence, or giving in a false or fictitious name or place of residence, shall forfeit 50I.

The times of killing game are limited as by former acts, notwithstanding such certificates; nor shall this act give to any person any right to take or destroy game, unless such person shall be duly qualified so to do, by the laws now in being 5 but he shall be liable to the same penalties in any of the said laws, as if this act had not been made.

Game-keepers are not allowed, by any certificate, to kill game out of the limits of the manor, for which the deputation was given ; and in case of any new appointment of a game-keeper, &c. duly registered, the former certificate shall be null and void ; and the person acting under the former one shall be liable to the penalties of this act.

Penalties for offences against this act may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts by adionof debt, bill, plaint, or information.

Any justice of the county, where the penalty doth not exceed 20I. may summon the parties before him, and hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, and levy the penalties by distress, to be sold, if not redeemed within six days, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered to the owner; or, in default of distress, the offender maybe committed for Jix months (in another part of the ad, three months), or till the penalties shall be paid. Persons summoned as witnesses, and not appearing at the time and place appointed, shall forfeit iol. to be levied by distress, as above, if not paid.

N. B. A clause in this act tends to obviate any doubt which might arise from the mention c4f two different times of imprisonment of offenders not having sufficient goods to answer penalties in the ad 25 G. 3. c. 50. ; and fixes the time of imprisonment to three months, and no longer.

Persons aggrieved by such justice, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, whose determination shall be final.

[For the Form of Conviction, fee the end.]

The justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate the penalties, reasonable costs in prosecuting the same being always allowed, over and above the mitigation, so as not to reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges.

The duties granted by this act are to be paid to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, and by him paid into the Exchequer;

Who may demand it.

25 G. 3. r. 5c.

Certificates, no qualification.

14 G.

c. 43.

Game keeper limited.

Id.

Penalties, where recovered.

Id.]

Justice's con-dud.

26 (7. 3. e. 3z.

Former ad amended.

24 3M-

c. 43.

24 G, 2,

c* 43* #

Penalties mitigated.

Td.

Duties, to whom paid.

1

128

Game.

Offiter or fof» dier killing game.

H. 7. c. 7.

Hunting in dif-guise.

I J. c. 17. Selling deer.

wounding or killing deer.

16 G. 3. t. 30

Exchequer; and all pecuniary penalties for offences against this act, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster for England ; or the court of sessions, or , court of Exchequer for Scotland ; and the plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any penalty, shall recover it for his or her own use, with costs of suit.

By the yearly mutiny acts, if any officer or soldier shall, without leave of the lord'of the manor under his hand and seal, destroy any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, pigeon, or other fowl, poultry, or fish', or his majesty's game, and be convicted thereof, on oath of one witness, before one justice, every officer so offending shall forfeit 3I. to the poor : And the commanding officer upon the place, for every offence committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit 20s. in like manner. And if, upon conviction by the justices, and demand thereof made by the constable or overseers of the poor, he shall not in two days pay the said penalties, he shall forfeit his commission.

Laws for preserving four-footed Game in‘particular.

Deer-stealing by ancient statutes.

WHEN information shall be made, of any unlawful hunting, in any forest or park, by night, or with painted faces, to any of the king's counsel, or to a justice of the peace, of any person to be suspected thereof, he may make a warrant to take 1 and arrest the person, and to have him before the maker of the warrant, or any other of the said counsel, or justices of the peace, who may, by their discretion, examine him of the said hunting. And if any person shall be convicted of any such huntings, with painted faces, vizors, or otherwise disguised, to the intent they should not be known, or of unlawful hunting in time of night, then the same person so convict, to have like punition as he should have if he were convict of felony.

Every person who shall Jell, or buy to fell again, any deer, 1 shall, on conviction at the assizes, or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit, for every deer, 40s. half to him that shall sue, and half to the poo/.

By the 16th G. 3. c. 30, which repeals in whole or in part the former adb relating to this subject, if any person shall (hoot |' at, or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or shall carry away any red or fallow deer, in any forest or chase, whe- ! therinclosed or not, or in any inclosed park where deer are, or have been usually kept; or shall be aiding therein, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 20I. and shall, for every deer so wounded, killed, destroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit the sum of 30I.

It shall be lawful for one justice, on complaint to him made '

on

Deer-dealing by ancient statute. 129

on oath by any credible person, that there is reason to suspect 16 C. 3. c. 30. any person of having in his custody or possession any red or fallow deer which shall have been unlawfully killed, or the he^d, Search for deer, (kin, or other part thereof, or any (lip, noose, toil, snare, or other engine, for the unlawful taking of deer, by his warrant, to cause such person, and his dwelling house. Scc. to be searched : And if any such shall be found, to cause the same, and such person so having possession, to be brought before any justice having jurisdiction : And if such person shall not produce before such justice the party of whom he received the same, or satisfy such justice that he came lawfully by such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or had a lawful occasion for such (lip, noose, toil, snare, or other engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful purpose, he shall forfeit not exceeding 30I. nor less than iol. at the discretion of such justice.

On complaint or information on oath of one witness before one justice, of any offence against this act, such justice (ex- ^ ict ow to cept in such cases only where the justice is especially directed previously to summon the party before himj may, by his warrant, cause the party complained of to be apprehended and- brought before him, at such time and place as shall be speci-tied in such warrant: And thereupon such justice may proceed to hear and determine the matter of such complaint. And where it is provided by this act, that the party complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the party so summoned shall not appear; then on proof of the service of such summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his dwelling-house, lodgings, or other usual place of abode, it shall be lawful for the justice to apprehend him by warrant, and to proceed as if no previous summons had been directed by this act*

And it shall be lawful for any keeper or under-keeper, and their servants or assistants, to seize and apprehend upon the Keeper my spot any person whom they shall discover in the actual fast of L,zco endCr4 hunting, courting, killing, wounding, (hooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any red or fallow deer, from any forest, chafe, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed park, paddock, wood, or any other inclosed ground, or attempting so to do p or in setting or laying any net, wire, (lip, noose, toil, snare, or other engine therein, for taking, killing, or destroying of deer; and to carry such offender before some neighbouring justice, to be dealt with according to lav/. The pecuniary penalties on this act may be recovered before one justice, on the oath of one witness of confession ; half to the king, to be paid for his use into the hands of such person as the justice shall direct, and half to Penalty, how the informer. And in case of non-payment thereof, with the aPP ,€<i* charges incident to the conviction, immediately upon theconviction, the same shall bc levied by warrant of such justice by distress ; and for want of suficient distress, the offender, except in such cases where it is otherwise provided by this act,

S '

13°

Game.

Sureties to be procured.

F*4rm of conviction.

i J e. 17 i Tracing thtlfc in (now*

shall be committed to the common gaol for one whole year# unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid. And if, upon conviction he doth not immediately pay the penalty, the justice may order him into custody during such time, not exceeding three days, as such justice shall think proper to allow for return of the want of distress. Provided, that if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, either by con-session of the party or otherwise, that he hath not goods or chattels sufficient whereon to levy the penalty, the justice may, without ilfuing any warrant of distress, commit the party convicted, as if a warrant of distress had been issued, and a Nulla Bona returned thereon. Provided also, that if any person committed for any first offence against this act shall, before his commitment to prison, procure security to be given by two sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of such justice, for payment of the penalty with the charges incident, within six days, inclusiveof the day of conviction, the justice may accept of such security, and^ on non-payment thereof at the time, may cause the party and his said sureties to be apprehended by warrant, and commit them to the common gaol, for such time as the party convicted was liable to have been imprisoned, if no such security had been given, unless the penalty or [probably and] charges shall be sooner paid. If any offender, for his first offence, be committed for want of sufficient distress, and shall, whilst in gaol, obtain the consent in writing of the prosecutor, and also of the owner, or other person chiefly intrusted with the care of the deer in the forest or other place, for his enlargement ; the justices in sessions may cause him to be brought before them, and, by their order, may direct the gaoler to set him at liberty. The conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper, in the following form of words, or any other form to the like effect:

Be it remembered, that on the day of---- — in the year — --

A. O. was, upon the complaint of A. I. convicted before ----- of the justices of the peace for -in pursuance of an act passed in

the sixteenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the

Third, for ----- ---(as the case shall be). Given under my hand

and seal, the day and year above-written

And the same shall be certified to the next sessions, to be there filed amongst the records*

Destroying Game punishable by the BLACK ACT,

which fee.

Destroying covert for deer. See Burning.

Of Hares.

EVERY person who shall trace or course any hares in the snow, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession,

or

131

Game.

or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every hare ; or after one month after his commitment, become bound by recognizance with two sureties in 20I. each, before two justices, not to offend again in like manner.

If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or using any snares, hare-pipes, or other like engines, and shall thereof be convicted, by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, in one month after the offence, he shall give the party injured such damages, and in such time, as the justice shall appoint; and shall pay down presently to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint; which, if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any hare in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress ; or for want of distress, shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, or destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy any hare in the night, that is to say, between the hours of seven at night and fix in the morning from the 12th day of October to the 12th day of February, and between the hours of nine at night and four in the morning from the 12th day of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the day-time, upon a Sunday or Christmas day, he shall, on conviction on oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit, for the first offence, not exceeding 20I. nor less than 10I.; and, for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I. And the justice shall cause the conviction to be made out in the manner and form following:

Be it remembered, That on the — — day of---- in the year of

onr Lord ----- --- A. B. is convicted before me-one of his Ma-

je(iyys justices of the peace for the county of- — (specifying

the offence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also specifying that it was the first or second of* fence against this act, as the case shall be). Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid. Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions to be filed by the clerk of the peace; who shall, upon application to him made, deliver copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy.

But in case any information shall be made upon oath as aforesaid before a justice against an offender, and it shall appear that such offender hath already been convicted of a first and second offence; in such case, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction till the nextgene-

S 2 rail

22 & 23 C. 2. c. 25.

Hare-pipes, fnaies,

9 Ann. e. 25. Hare killed by night.

13C. 3. c. 80. Guns, dogs, nets, &c. by night.

Form of con* vision

on parchment.

Old offenders, how dealt with.

i32

Game*

Limited time*

Penalties, See, how paid.

Offender in custody.

May be pursued into ano ther country.

J

e.2 7*

ral quarter-sessions, unless he shall have entered nizance, with two sufficient sureties to appear at Aj< then and there to be tried by indictment for the fa: and such justice shall also bind over the informer tc the said offender by indictment as aforesaid.

Provided, that no proceedings shall be upon this i information on oath be made before a justice, with, lendar month after the offence committed.

The said forfeitures, for the first and second ofFenc so for the third offence, on conviction at the sessions, with the cods and charges previous to and attending viction (to be ascertained by the justice or justices btk the offender shall be convicted) shall be forthwith pah the informer, and hah to the poor. And if such pej refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give securitj payment thereof, such justice or justices shall, by th rant, cause the lame to be levied by distress : And the tice or justices may order such offender to be detainei custody, until return may conveniently be had to the of distress, unless the party shall give sufficient securit) cognizance or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such ju justices, for his appearance before the said justice or jut the day appointed, not exceeding seven days from the such security: And if, upon such return, no sufficient can be had, the said justice or justices shall commit the er to the common gaol or house of correction for three dar months, onlefs the forfeiture shall be sooner paid; til such offender give notice to the informer, that he i to appeal to the next sessions, and enter into a re zance before a justice, with two sufficient sureties, to tr; appeal at such sessions.

If the offender dwells in another country, the justice c tices, before whom the information or indictment was: may direct their warrant of apprehension and of distress t constable where the offence was committed, to be by hin ried to a justice residing near where the offender dwells, by him carried to a justice residing near where the off< dwells, to be signed by him on the back of the said war upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the justice whe granted the warrant. And the justice who indorsed the rant shalldireCl the constable or other person making the tress, to deliver over the money levied ro the justice who granted the warrant; and if such constable or other pc shall neglect or refuse to pay such furo, or deliver over all j ceedings upon such distress or warrant of apprehension, jiidice who first granted the warrant, or the justice who dorfed it, may commit him to the common gaol or house correction for six months, or till the money shall be paid, i the proceedings delivered over.

Every unqualified person who dial! (hoot at, kill, or defti

a

Game*

133

*ny hare, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confef- Killing hates, fion, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three penalty, months, unless he pay to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor, 20$. for every hare; or after one month after his commitment, become bound by recognizance with two sureties before two justices in 20I. each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next fef-4ions.

When information shall be made of unlawful hunting in a 1 II. 7. c. 7. warren by night, or with painted faces, to any of the king's Hunting io copnfel, or to ajustice of the peace, of any person fufpcCted, waircn* he'may make a warrant to bring such person before himself or any other of the said counsel or justices; and if such person shall conceal the said hunting, or any of his accomplices, it shall be felony; but if he confesseth, it shall be but trespass finable at the sessions.

If any person shall at any time enter wrongfully into any 22 £? 23 C. a. warren or ground lawfully used or kept for the breeding or r- 25« keeping of conies, whether it be inclosed or not, and there Killing ribfcitsc shall chafe, take, or kill any conies; and shall be thereof convicted in one month after the offence, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall yield to the party grieved treble damages and costs, and be imprisoned three months, and after till he find sureties for his good behaviour.

No person shall kill or take in the night any conies upon the borders of warrens, on pain that the offender, on conviction in one month after the offence, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give to the party injured such damages, and in such time as shall be appointed by the justice, Justict, hovr and over and above pay down presently to the overseers, for the use of the poor, such sum not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint; which, if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for such time as he shall think fit, not exceeding one month. If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or using any snares or other like engines, for taking of conies, and shall be thereof in like manner convicted, he shall give to the party grieved such damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint, and pay down presently to the overseer f6r the use of the poor such sum not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint; which, if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Of Hawks and Hawking.

No manner of person, of what condition or degree he be, u ff. 7. c. t?. shall take, or cause to be taken, on his own ground, or any Hawks rg»s, other man's, the eggs of any faulcon, gofhawk, or laner, out toow fecu,cd % of the nest; on pain (being convicted thereof before a justice of

1

134

Game.

r\ Et. c. n>.

Hawking ii> standing corn*

of the peace) of imprisonment for a year and a day, and fine at the king's will; half to the king, and half to the owner of the ground where the eggs were taken.

If any manner of person shall hawk in another man's corn after it is eared, and before it is (hocked, and be convicted at the assizes, sessions, or leet, he shall forfeit 40s. to the owner: And if not paid in ten days, he shall be imprisoned for a month.

ft K. 7. r. 17; Swans eggs fe-ciared.

J J* 47*

Spoiling them b the nest.

Of Swans.

NO person shall take, or cause to be taken, on his own ground, or any other man's, the eggs of any swan, on pain (on conviction before the justices of the peace) of imprisonment for a year and a day, and fine at the king's will, half to the king, and half to the owner of the swans.

Every person who shall take the eggs of any swans out of the nest, or willingly spoil them in the nest, and shall be convicted thereof before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, shall be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every egg; or after one month of his commitment, become bound by recognizance, with two sureties, in 20I. each, before two justices, never to offend again in like manner; which re-, cognizance shall be returned to the next sessions.

I J. e. 17. Killing them, how puoished.

u.

Veiling them, or buying to fell again.

li.

Killing them at jvight, convicted at sessions, Sec.

Of Partridges and Pheasants.

EVERY person who shall (hoot at, kill, or destroy any pheasant or partridge, or shall take, kill, or destroy them with setting dogs or nets, or shall take their eggs out of the nest, or spoil them in the nest, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay, upon conviction, to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every pheasant, partridge, or egg, or after one month after his commitment, become bound, by recognizance, with two sureties, before two justices, in 20I. each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next sessions.

Every person who shall fell, or buy or fell again, any partridge or pheasant (except they be reared and brought up in house?, or brought from beyond sea) shall, on conviction at the assizes or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit, for every partridge, 10s. and for every pheasant, 20s half to him that shall sue, and half to the poor.

If any person, of what estate, degree, or condition soever, shall take, kill, or destroy any pheasants or partridges in the

night-

Game.

night-time, and be thereof convicted at the affixes, sessions, or leet, he shall forfeit, for every pheasant, 20s. and for every partridge, 10s. half to him that shall sue, and half to the lord of the manor, unless such lord shall licence or procure the said taking or killing; in which case, the said half shall go to the poor, to be recovered by any one of the churchwardens; and if not paid in ten days after conviction, he shall be imprisoned for one monthAnd moreover, besides such forfeiture and imprisonment, he shall give bond to some justice of the peace, with good sureties, not to offend again in like manner for the space of two years.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any pheasant or partridge in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the in-v former, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shallbefent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, takp, or destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy any pheasant or partridge in the night, that is, between the hours of (even at night and fix in the morning from the 12th day of October to the izth day of February, and between the hours of nine at night and four in the morning, from the 12th day of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the day time, on a Sunday or Christmas-day, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, not exceeding 20I. nor lets than iol.; for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I.; for the third, and every other subsequent offence, 50I. To be levied and recovered as the like penalties for killing any hare in the night, or on a Sunday or Christmas-day, as is above set forth.

Every person whatsoever, who shall hawk at, destroy, or kill any pheasant or partridge, with any kind of hawk, or dog, by colour of hawking, between the first of July and the last of August, shall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, in six months after the offence, be committed to gaol for one month, unless he pay, upon conviction, to the churchwardens or overseers, for the use of the poor, 40s. for every such hawking at any pheasant or partridge, and 20s. for every such pheasant or partridge which he, his hawk, or dog, shall take or kill.

No person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, carry, fell, buy, or have in his possession or use, any partridge between Feb. 12, and Sept. 1, or any pheasant between Feb. I, and OCt. 1, yearly, on pain of forfeiting, on conviction by one witness, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, 5I. for every such fowl, with full cods. But this is Hot to extend to any pheasant taken in the season allowed by this act, and kept in any mew or breeding-place.

*35

Penalty, how applied.

Bond given*

9 An. c. ay. Conviction before one justice.

13 Cm 3. C, Sc*

T one of night limited.

Lorri\Day or Christmas-day.

7 y. c. 1 r.

Hawking limited.

2 Gt 3.C. 19.

Season for killing partridges and pheafauts.

i36

Game.

Of Pigeons.

2 G. J. C.

Shooting

pigeons.

Penalty to the prosecutor.

IF any person shall (hoot at, with an intent to kill, or by any means kill or take, with a wilful intent to dertroy, any house-dove or pigeon, and shall be thereof convicted, by con-session or oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence was committed or the party apprehended, he shall forfeit 20s. to the prosecutor; and if not forthwith paid, such justice may commit him to the gaol or house of correction, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid Persons convicted on this act, shall not be convicted on any former act: And prosecutions on this act shall be commenced and carried on with effect within two months after the offence committed.

Of Wild Ducks, Wild Geese, and other Water-Fowl.

95 E 8. if. Tunc of taking them*

Not In moulting season.

NO person, between the last day of May and the last day of August yearly, shall take, or cause to be taken, any wild ducks, mallards, widgeons, teals, or wild geese, with nets or other engines, on pain of a year's imprisonment, and a forfeitureo?4d. for every fowl so taken, half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt: Also the justices of the peace may esquire of, hear, and determine the same, as in cases of trespass.

Jo G. 2. c. 32. By a subsequent statute, if any person whatsoever (between June 1, and OCt. 1, yearly, 10 G. 2. c. 32.) shall, by hays, tunnels, or other nets, drive and take any wild duck, teal, widgeon, or any other water fowl, in any place of resort for wild-fowl in the moulting season, and shall be convicted there, of before one justice, by the oath of one witness, he shall, for every such fowl, forfeit 5s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress, or be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than fourteen days, to be whipt and kept to hard labour. And the nets shall be seized and destroyed in the presence of the justice.

No person, from March 31, to June 30, yearly, shall take or destroy the eggs of any mallard, teal, or other water-fowl, on pain of a year's imprisonment, and of forfeiting, for every egg, one penny, half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt; or> the justices of the peace may determine the same as in cases of trespass.

Of

1

I

*5 //, S. r. 1^1 Eggs not to be deft/oyed.

H

1

5

Origjnal from

LIBR,

Game.

Of Heath-Fowl, Grouse, and Bustards.

I , .

1 r .* v A* - - i' '

NO person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his possession or use, any heath-fowl, commonly called Black Game, between Dec. io, and Aug. 20; nor any grouse, commonly called Red Game, between Dec. 10, and Aug. 12 ; nor any Bustard, between March 1, and Sept. 1, in any year; on pain of forfeiting, for the first offence, any Aim not exceeding 20I. nor less than iol.; and, for the second and every subsequent offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I.; half to the informer, and half to the poor; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, on prosecution within six calendar months after the offence committed. Or the same may be recovered before one justice, information on oath being made before him within three calendar months after the offence committed ; which said justice may convict the offender by confession, or oath of one witness; and, on neglect or refusal to pay, shall levy the same by distress, together with all costs and charges attending the same. And such justice may order the offender tobedetained in fafecustody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the said offender shall give security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such justice, for his appearance before him on the day appointed for the return of the warrant of distress, such day not exceeding five days from the time of taking such security. And if nosufficient distress can be had, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix, nor less than three calendar months, unless the forfeiture, and all costs and charges attending the prosecution, be sooner paid; which conviction the justice shall cause to be written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept amongst the records; and the clerk of the peace shall grant copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy. And if any person shall think himself aggrieved, he 1 may appeal to any general quarter-sessions to be holden with- in four calendar months after the cause of complaint shall arise,

1 giving fourteen days notice in writing to the justice, and to every other person against whom complaint shall be made; and t in four days after such notice, entering into recognizance be-

fore a justice with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try the

appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall !l be awarded by the justices at such sessions. And the justice having received notice of appeal, shall return all proceedings had before him, touching the matter of the said appeal, to the justices at such sessions. And the said justices, upon proof of the notice given, and of the entering into such recognizance,

)f T shall

i Vj- >

' 137

«3 G. 3 *. S5‘

Black game. Red game. Bullard.

Times of killing specified.

Justice, his duty.

Appeal allowed, if aggrieved.

Game.

Proceedings not shall determine the appeal in a summary way, and award costs ;<r to be removed. to either party. And none of the proceedings shall be quashed

for want of form, nor be removed by certiorari or other pro- :3i cess into any of the courts at WeHminHer. 0

9. An. c.25. If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any moor, heath-^meatnMit game, or grouse, in the night-time, he shall, on conviction : g^mea ing . before one juHice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half D( to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of diHrefs, to be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence, four months.

Of Herons.

19 H. 7. c. ii. NO person, without his own ground, shall flay, take, or on'r°with Cn cau^e to he taken, any herons, unless it be with hawking, on

hawks! pain 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue by action of debt; or the

sessions may call before them persons suspected, and examine them; and if found in default, may commit them till they have found surety for payment of the forfeiture to the king ; and the juHices shall have the tenth part of the forfeiture for their labour.

25 H. 8. c. 11. if aily person, from March 31, to June 30, shall take or de-taken"5 C88S stroy t^ie e£Ss any heron, he shall be imprisoned for a year, and forfeit, for every egg, 8d. half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt, or before the justices of the peace.

r

.5

The penalty of fishing in Ponds and other private "

Fisheries.

5

3

22 &23C. 2. WHEREAS divers idle, disorderly, and mean persons, be-f' take themselves to the Healing, taking, and killing of fish, out

0 d^&c °Ut Pon<*s> P°°ls> motes, flews, and other several waters and rivers, to the great damage of the owners thereof; it is en- :i acted, that if any person shall use any net, angle, hair, noose, troll, or spear; or shall lay any wears, pots, fish-hooks, or other engines; or shall take any fish by any means or device whatsoever, or be aiding thereunto, in any river, flew, pond, mote, or other water, without the consent of the lord or owner of the water; and be thereof convicted by confession, or oath ^ before one Juf- of one witness, before one justice, in one month after the of-monthlthin ^ence> every such offender in Healing, taking, or killing fish, shall, for every such offence, give to the party injured such recompence, and in such time, as the juHice shall appoint, not exceeding treble damages; and moreover, shall pay down to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 1 os. as the juHice shall think meet: In default of payment, to

be i

UBP, j

Game.

be levied by distress; for want of distress, to be committed to the house of correction not exceeding one month, unless he enter into bond with one surety to the party injured, not exceeding iol. never to offend in like manner. And the justices may take, cat, and destroy all such angles,. spears, hairs, noofes, trolls, wears, pots, fish-hooks, nets, or other engines, wherewith such offender shall be apprehended. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, whose determination shall be final, if no title to any land, royalty, or fishery be therein concerned.

If any perfoti shall enter into any park or paddock fenced in and i/iclosed, or into any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-house, in or through which park or paddock, garden, orchard, or yard any river or dream of water shall run or be, or wherein shall be any river, stream, pond, pool, moat, flew, or other water, and by any ways, means, or device whatsoever, shall steal, take, kill, or destroy any fish bred, kept, or preserved therein, without the consent of the owner thereof; or shall be aiding or assisting therein ; or shall receive or buy any such fish, knowing the same to be so ftolenor taken as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof at the assizes, within six calendar months after the offence committed, he shall be transported for seven years. — And any offender, surrendering himself to a justice, or being apprehended or in custody for such offence, or on any other account, who shall make confession thereof, and a true discovery on oath of his accomplice or accomplices, so as such accomplice may be apprehended, and shall, on trial, give evidence so as to convitt such accomplice, shall be discharged of the offence so by him confessed. And if any person shall take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy any fish in any river or stream, pond, pool, or other water (not being in any park or paddock, or in any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-house, but in any other inclosed ground, being private property), he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5 J. to the owner or owners of the lifhery of such river or stream of water, or of such pond, pool, moat, or other water: And such justice, on complaint upon oath, may issue his warrant to bring the person complained of before him ; and if he shall be convicted before such justice, or any other justice of the county or place, he shall immediately, after conviction, pay the said penalty of 5I. to such justice, for the use of such person as the same is hereby appointed to be paid unto; and, in default thereof, shall be committed by such justice to the house of correction for any time not exceeding six months, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid : Or such owner of the fishery may bring an action for the penalty (within six calendar months after the offence) in any of the courts of record at Wclt-minster.

T 2 Rules

139

Justices may destroy angles, nets, See,

5 G. 3. e, 14. Stealing fish from park or iaclosure.

Offender fur* rendering himself, and convicting an accomplice, to be discharged*

Fishing in pri* fate property.

14®

Game.

Rules concerning the Assize, and preserving the Breed of Fish. See Burn, vol. 2.

f 7 R, 2. e» 9. Who may fur-▼ y wears, 5c c.

33 C. 2. <. 27. Imp

fish.

flow punished.

THE justices of the peace (and the mayor of London on the Thames and Medway) shall survey and search all the wears in such rivers, that they shall not be very (trait for the destruction of fry and brood, but of re^sonable wideness after the old assize used or accustomed; and they shall appoint under-con-fervators, who shall be sworn to make like survey, search, and punishment. And they shall enquire in session, as well by their office, as at the information of the under-conservators, of all defaults aforesaid, and shall cause them which shall be thereof indicted, to come before them ; and if they be thereof convict, they shall have imprisonment, and make fine at the discretion of the justices; and if the same be at the information of an under-conservator, he shall have half the fine.

No person shall take, or knowingly have in his possession, Improper a c of e£t)ier the water or on shore, or sell or expose to sale any (pawn, fry, or brood of fish, or any unfizeable fish, or fish out of season, or any smelt not five inches long: And any person may seize the same, together with the baskets and package, and charge a con liable or other peace officer with the offender and with the goods, who shall carry them before a justice; and, on conviction before such justice, the same shall be forfeited and delivered to the prosecutor; and the offender shall besides forfeit 20s. to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice, and distributed half to the prosecutor, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed (and any inhabitant of such parish, nevertheless, may be a witness); for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid. Provided, that the justice may mitigate the said penalty, so as not to remit above one half. Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next sessions. [Form of conviction, fee Article Fish, at the end.]

Rules concerning fish in or near the lea.

9 G. t. c. 33. NO person shall take, kill, or destroy any lobsters on the Time of taking COaft of Scotland, from June 1, to Sept. 1, on pain of 5I. to be lobsters. recovered by any person who shall inform and sue for the same,

on a summary complaint before two justices of the shire on the coast where the offence shall be committed.

3 J. e. 12. Every person who shall set up any new wear along the sea

Setting up (here, or in any haven, harbour, or creek, or within five miles of the mouth of any haven or creek, shall, on conviction before

NEW YC

Game. 141

fore one justice, or mayor, forfeit, for every offence, 10L half to the king, and half to him that shall sue; to be levied by the constables or churchwardens by distress.

If any person shall use at sea, on the English coast, any iG.fi. z. c. iS» traul net, drag-net, or fet-net, for catching of any fish (ex- ^"6'iieCS at cept herrings, pilchards, sprats, or lavidnian) which hath the e* mefh less than 3^ inches from knot to knot; or which hath a false or double bottom ; or shall put one net behind another; he shall, on conviction (after summons) before one justice where the offender resides or shall be found, on oath of two witnesses, in one month after the offence, forfeit the same, and also 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress ; for want of sufficient distress, to be committed to gaol for twelve months; and the nets to be burnt. Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next sessions.

Gaming.

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, sheriffs, and other head 33*L8. c. 9^ officers, may enter all houses and places where gaming shall be suspected to be holden, and as well the keepers of the ed/" same, as also the persons there resorting or playing, may take, arrest, and imprison, and keep in prison, until the said keepers have found sureties to the king's use, to be bound by recognizance or otherwise, no longer to use, keep, or occupy any such house, play, game, alley, or place; and also that the persons there so found, be in like case bound by themselves, or with sureties, no more to play, haunt, or exercise from thenceforth, in, at, or to any of the said places, or at any of the said games. All justices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, sheriffs, and other head officers, and every of them, finding or knowing any person using unlawful games, contrary to this act, may commit every such offender to ward, ers com'* there to remain without bail or mainprize, till he be bound by mi c obligation to the king's use, in such sum as by the discretion of the said justices, or other such officers shall be thought reasonable, that they shall not from thenceforth use such unlawful game.

Where it shall be proved, on the oath of two witnesses, be- pr^f fore any justice of the peace, as well as where he shall find, up- w[t°n°c(T-esy on his own view, that any person hath used any unlawful game forc one justice, contrary to the said statute, the said justice shall have power to commit him to prison without bail, unless and until he shall enter into recognizance, with sureties, or without, at the discretion of the justices, that he shall not, from thenceforth, play at, or use such unlawful game. And where any forfeitures shall be found within the precincts of any leet, the lord shall have one half, and the other half shall be to him that

shall

142

Gaming.

31 EL c, 5. Suits at quarter-session.

30 G. 2. (. 24*

Cards, dice, &c« in any licensed house, prohibited*

Journeyman labourer, apprentice, or servant, may be appre* headed,

from 5s. to 20s. for evtry offence.

shall sue in any of the king's courts, and elsewhere, they shall be half to the king, and half to him that will sue in like manner.

All suits to be pursued upon any statute for using any unlawful game, shall be sued and prosecuted, or otherwise heard and determined, in the general quarter-sessions or assizes of the county where the offence shall be committed, or in the leet within which it shall happen, and not in any wise out of the county.

If any person, licensed to fell any forts of liquors, or who shall fell or suffer the same to be sold in his house, out-house, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, shall knowingly suffer any gaming with cards, dice, draughts, shuffle-boards, mississipi, or billiard-tables, skittles, nine pins, or with any other implement of gaming, in his house, out-house, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, by any journeyman, labourer, servant, or apprentice, and shall be convicted thereof on confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, within six days after the offence committed, he shall forfeit, for the first offence, 40s. and for every other offence, 10I. by distress, by warrant of such justice ; three fourths of which shall be to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, and o.ne fourth to the informer. And if any journeyman, labourer, apprentice, or servant, shall game in any house, out-house, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, wherein any liquors shall be fold, and complaint thereof shall be made on oath before one justice where the offence shall be committed, he shall issue his warrant to theconflable or other peace officer of the place wherein the offence is charged to have been committed, or where the offender shall reside, to apprehend and carry the offender before feme justice of the place tvhere the offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall reside ; and if such person shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness or confession, he shall forfeit, not exceeding 2os. nor less than 5s. as the justice shall order, every time he shall so offend, and be convicted as aforesaid, one fourth to the informer, and three fourths to the overseers for the use of the poor ; and if he shall not forthwith pay down the same, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction, or some other prison of the place where he shall be apprehended, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until he shall pay the forfeiture. And any justice, unto whom complaint upon- oath shall be made, of any offence committed against this act, shall issue his warrant for bringing before him, or some other justice of such place, the person charged with such offence; and the justice before whom he is brought shall hear and determine the matter, and proceed to judgment and conviction; and if it shall appear upon oath to the satisfaction of such justice, that any person within his jurisdiction can give material evidence on behalf of the profecucor of the person accused, and who will not voluntarily

b

NEW YORI-

B

If'

k

I

i

i

I*

fa

i

b

k

k

i

K

fa

i

k

i

i k k fa 8 k fa fa. k i Ir k fa d fa »

I

f

71* " ' ; - '

Gaming.

luntarily appear, he shall issue his summons to convene him to give his evidence; and if he shall neglect or refuse to appear on such summons, and no just excuse shall be offered, then (on proof upon oath of the summons having been duly served upon him) he shall issue his warrant to bring such witness before him ; and, on his appearance, if he shall refuse to be examined on oath, without offering just cause for such refusal, the justice shall commit him to the public prison for any time not exceeding three months. [Form of conviction, fee Burn, vol. ii.J And if any person, convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall thiilk himself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice before whom he shall have been convicted, he may appeal to the next sessions; and execution shall be respited, the person, at the time of conviction, entering into recognizance with two sureties, in double the sum he was to pay, to abide the judgment of the quarter-sessions; which recognizance, the justice is hereby empowered and required to take.

Any house, room, garden, or other place kept for public dancing, music, or other entertainment of the like kind, in London, or within twenty miles thereof, without licence as hereafter following (except the theatres of Drury-lane, Co-vent-Garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercised by letters patent or licence of the crown, or of the lord chamberlain) shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, 3nd the keeper thereof shall forfeit 100I. with full costs, to him who shall sue (in six months) in any of the courts at Westminster. And the person who shall appear to act as master, or as having the management of such disorderly house, shall be deemed the keeper thereof.

Which said licence shall be granted at the last preceding Michaelmas sessions, and shall be signed and sealed by four justices in open court, and afterwards be publicly read by the clerk of the peace, with the names of the justices subscribing the same; and no licence shall be granted at any adjourned sessions; nor shall any fee be taken for the same. And there shall be inserted in such licence, and made conditions thereof, that the words following shall be affixed in large capital letters over the door or entrance of every such licensed house or place, viz. Licensed pursuant to act of parliament of the twenty-fifth of King George the Second; and that it shall not be opened before five in the afternoon. And in case of a breach of either of the said conditions, the licence shall be forfeited, and revoked by the justices at the next sessions, and shall not be renewed.

And, to encourage prosecutions against persons keeping bawdy houses, gaming-houses, or other disorderly houses, the constable, on notice given him in writing by any two inhabitants of the parish, paying scot and lot, of any person keeping such house, shall forthwith go with them to a justice of the peace; and shall (on their making oath that they believe the

contents

*43

Evidence not appearing,

punishable.

Power of appeal.

25 G. i. e, 36*

Disorderly

house.

Id.

Licences at Michaelmas sessions.

Inscription.

Time of opening.

Licences, if forfeited, not renewable.

Id.

Mode of pro-lecution.

1

144 Gaming.

Constable bound to prosecute, and the persons accused to appear.

Refusal puniffc-able.

Expences allowed.

Inhabitants re-compenfed.

9 An. c. 14.

Id.

18 G. 2. c. 34.

16 C. 2.

contents of such notice to be true, and entering into a recognizance of 20I. each to produce evidence of the offence) enter into a recognizance of 30I. to prosecute with effect such person at the next sessions or assizes, as to the justices shall seem meet; and, on the constable entering into such recognizance, the justice shall issue his warrant for bringing the accused persons before him, and shall bind them over to appear at the said sessions or afTizes, and shall also, if he thinks fit, demand and take surety for their good behaviour in the mean time.

And if the constable shall neglect or refuse, upon such notice, to go before a justice, or to enter into recognizance, or shall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the prosecution, he shall forfeit 20I. to each of the said inhabitants.

And the constable shall be allowed all the reasonable expences of the prosecution, to be ascertained by two justices; and shall be paid the same by the overseers of the poor: And if such person be convicted, the overseers shall also forthwith pay 10I. to each of such inhabitants, on pain of forfeiting double to the said persons.

Any person who shall, at any time or fitting, by playing at cards, dice, or other game whatsoever, or by betting on the fides of such as do play, lose to any one or more persons so playing or betting, in the whole, the sum or value of 10I. and shall pay or deliver the same, or any part thereof, shall be at liberty, in three months, to sue for and recover the same, with costs, in any court of record; and if he shall not sue in three months, it shall be lawful for any person to sue for and recover the same, and treble value, with costs; half to such person who shall sue, and half to the poor.

If any person shall, at any one time or fitting, twin of any one or more person or persons, above the sum or value of 10I. he shall, upon conviction on indictment or information, forfeit five times the value of the sum of money or other things so won, to be recovered by the person suing for the same.

If any person shall win or lose at play, or by betting at any one time the sum or value of 10I. or within the space of twenty-four hours, the sum or value of 20I. he shall be liable to be indicted for such offence in six months, either in the king's bench, or at the aftizes; and being convicted, shall be fined five times the value of the sum won or loft, which (after such charges as the court shall judge reasonable, allowed thereout to the prosecutor and evidence) shall go to the poor. And if any offender shall discover another offender, so that he be convicted, the discoverer shall be aifeharged from all penalties by reaion of such offence, if not before convicted thereof, and shall be admitted as an evidence to prove the same.

If any person shall play at cards, dice, or other pastime or game whatsoever (other than for ready money), or bet on the fides of such as shall play, and shall lolc any sum or other thing, exceeding iool. at any one time or meeting, upon

ticket.

5

i

X

I

0

PI

ty

Gaming.

145

.1

k

tr

I

s

4

1I

ticket, credit, or otherwise, and shall not pay down the same at the time when he shall lose the game, he shall not be bound to make it good, but the contract for the same, and for every part thereof, and all assurances and securities for the same, shall be void ; and the winner shall forfeit treble value of all such sums as he shall so win above 100I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue, in one year, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, with treble costs.

All notes, bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other $ An. 14. securities, where the whole or any part of the consideration shall be for money or any other valuable thing won by playing at cards, dice, tennis, bowls, or any other game; or by betting on the (ides of such as do game; or for the reimbur-sing or repaying any money, knowingly lent or advanced, at the time and place of such play, to any person so gaming or betting, or that shall, during such play, so play or bett, shall be void: And where such securities shall be of lands, or such as incumber oraffedt the same, they shall enure, and be to the sole use and benefit of, and devolve upon such person as might have such lands, in case the said granter, or person so encum-bring the same, had been dead : And all conveyances to hinder them from devolving on such person, shall be void.

Any two justices may cause to come, or to be brought be- 9 An* c. 14, fore them, every person whom they shall have just cause tofuf- Suspected per-pedl to have no visible estate, profession, or calling, to maintain themselves by, but for the most part to support themselves by gaming ; and if such person shall not make it appear to the said justices, that the principal part of his expences is not maintained by gaming, they shall require of him sufficient sureties for his good behaviour for twelve months, and, in default of his finding such securities, shall commit him to the common gaol, until he find such securities as aforesaid. And if he shall, during the time for which he shall be bound, at any one time or fitting, play or bet for any sums or other thing, exceeding in the whole the value of 20s. such playing shall be deemed a forfeiture of the recognizance.

fons, how to be dealt with.

Lotteries.

ALL justices of the peace, mayors, constables, and other civil officers, shall use their utmost endeavours to prevent the drawing of any unlawful lottery, by all lawful ways and means; and every person who shall set up, or by writing or printing, publish the setting up any unlawful lottery, with intent to have such lottery drawn, shall forfeit iool. one third to the king, one third to the poor, and one third, with full costs, to him who shall sue in the courts at Westminster.

Every person who shall keep any office or place, under the denomination of sales of houses, lands, &c, or shall fell or ex-

U pose

9 An. c. 6. Unlawful lotteries to be prevented.

Penalty.

S G. a*

146

Office for unlawful Tales, by lottery, &c.

i

Penalty, 500I,

Power of appeal.

Adventurer, how punished#

1

12 G, 2, C. 2?.

Keeper of every such office or place for gam ing.

Penalty, 20c!.

Prohibited games specified.

Gaming.

pose to sale the same, or any of them, by way of lottery. Of by lots, tickets. &c. or shall make, print, advertise, or pub-li(h proposals or schemes for advancing small sums of money by several persons, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in some public lottery; or shall deliver oqt tickets; or shall make, print, or publish any proposal or scheme of the like nature, under any denomination whatsoever, and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, by two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by any former act made against private lotteries, forfeit 500I. one third to the king, one third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to be levied by distress and sale by warrant of such justices, and shall also, by such justices, be committed to the county gaol without bail for one whole year, and from thence till the said sum of 500I. shall be paid: Provided that the persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions. And every person who shall be adventurer in, or any way contribute on the account of any such Tales, lotteries, proposals, or schemes, shall forfeit double the sum contributed, with cods, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in the courts at Westminster.

If any person shall erect, set up, continue, or keep any such office or place, or shall expose to sale any houses, lands, advowfons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, ships, or other goods, by any game, method, or device whatsoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any lot or drawing, whether it be out of a box or wheel, or by cards or dice, or by any machine, engine, or device of chance of any kind whatsoever, he shall, on conviction before any judice of the peace (or mayor), on the oath of one witness, or view of such judice, or confession, forfeit 200I. by didrefs and sale, by warrant of one justice of the county or town where the offence shall be committed ; which said forfeiture (after deducting reasonable charges of the prosecution) shall go one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor of the parish (except in Bath, where the said two thirds shall go to the poor of the hospital there). And if the offender shall not have sufficient goods, whereon to levy the penalties, or shall not immediately pay or give security for the same, the justice before whom he shall be convicted, may commit him to the common gaol, not exceeding six months, and the sale shall be void.

All and every person or persons who shall set up, maintain, or keep the games of the ace of hearts, faro, basset, and hazard, shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures in and by this act inflicted upon any person or persons, who shall erect, set up, continue, or keep any of the said games or lotteries in this prefen t act mentioned, and shall be prosecuted and convicted, and the penalties and forfeitures shall be sued for and recovered, in like manner as the said

tize by GOC

Gaming.

*4 7

said penalties and forfeitures are, by this act, directed to be sued for and recovered.

And if any witness shall neglect or refuse to appear, upon summons, or shall refuse to give evidence, or give false evidence, he shall forfeit 50I. by didrefs, by warrant of the person issuing such summons: And if he have not sufficient goods or whereon to levy the 50I. he shall be committed to the comr non gaol for six months.

But if any person think himself aggrieved by the judgment of any judice or mayor, he may appeal to the next fef-/ions, giving reasonable notice to the prosecutor. And if any judice or mayor shall neglect his duty herein, he shall forfeit 10I. with full cods, half to him that shall sue (in six months) in any court of record, or at the assizes, and half to the poor.

If any person shall, by colour of any grant from any foreign prince or date, set up any lottery; or shall make, print, or publidi any proposal for any such lottery or undertaking, and shall be convicted thereof, on oath of one witness, before two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by former acts against unlawful lotteries, forfeit 200I. one third to the king, one third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to be levied by didrefs, by warrant of such justices; and shall also by them be committed to the county gaol for one year, and from thence till the said sum of 200I. be paid : Provided, that persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

No person shall keep any office for buying or selling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets in the lottery, without fird taking out a licence for that purpose, but previously to the delivery of it, there shall be paid the sum of fifty pounds for every such licence, at the damp-office. No licence to be granted for any office in Oxford or Cambridge. Persons keeping any office contrary to this act, shall forfeit one hundred pounds. The words, Licensed to deal in lottery tickets, to be written upon the door in the front of the office. The contract on every sale of a smaller share than asixteenth shall be void in law, and the feller shall forfeit fifty pounds. All penalties incurred by offending against this act (except where a different mode of prosecution is herein before specially prescribed), shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, &c. in which the offence shall be committed, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender; and one moiety shall belong to the informer, and the other to his Majesty, to be levied by didrefs, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and for want of sufficient didrefs, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time pot exceeding fix

U 2 months*

18 G % i. r. 34*

Evidence refuting to appear.

12 (?.*. e 28. power of appeal.

9 G, 2* r. 79. Procurerof pro-te&ion.

23 G. 3. c. 47. Dealers in tickets, if un-ticensed.

Penalty, tool*

Penalties before two justices.

148

Gaming.

months, nor less than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied. Justices may mitigate penalties to one half, over and above the coils and charges.

Gaol and Gaoler.

Building and Repairing of Gaols.

12 G. 2. c. 29. Justices may contrail for building or repairing.

Id.

Paid out of county rate.

THE justices, or the greater number of them, within the?

limits of their commission, upon preferment of the grand jury at the affixes (or sessions, 12 G. 2. c. 29.) of the insufficiency or inconveniency of the county gaol, may contract with any person for the building, finishing, or repairing the same.

The expence thereof to be paid by the treasurer, out of the next general county rate.

Gaoler shall receive Criminals,

5 H. 4. c. 10. ALL felons shall be imprisoned in the common gaol, and

not elsewhere.

4 Ed, 3. c. 10. And if the gaoler refuses to receive a felon, or take any Gaoler pumfli- thing for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same by a e* the justices of the gaol delivery.

6 G. r. 19. But vagrants and other criminals, offenders, and persons

Vagrants,where charged wfth small offences, may, for such offences, or for committed. want of sureties, be committed either to the common gaol, or

house of correction, as the justices, in their judgment, shall think proper.

How they shall be maintained.

12 G, 2. e. *0. THEY are to be provided for by a sum to be paid out of the

Provided for by general County-rate, by the high constables, to such sufficient county rate. persons dwelling nigh the gaols, as shall be appointed by the justices in open sessions, who shall be there ready to receive it.

How

Gaol and Gaoler.

149

How Prisoners may be set on work.

THE justices, in their general sessions, if they find it needful, may provide a dock of such materials as they find convenient for the setting poor prisoners on work, to be paid for by the treasurerout of the general county rate; and may pay and provide fit persons to oversee and set such prisoners on work ; and make such orders for accounts concerning the premises, as shall be thought needful, and for punishment of ne-gleCl and other abuses, and for bedowing the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners for their relief. Provided that the sum to be so paid do not exceed the rate of 6d. a week for any one paridif

19 C. 2. C. 4.

12 Q, 2. c. 29; Materials to be provided.

How they shall be restrained and kept.

THE county gaol is the prison for malefa&ors; but prisoners for debt, where an action lies against the sheriff for their escaping, may be kept in what place* the sheriff pleases.

But, on emergent occasions, as in case of infectious diseases, the sheriff or gaoler, with the advice and consent of three or more justices (1 i£.) may, if they shall find it needful, provide other safe places (with the owner's consent) for the removal of sick or other persons out of the usual gaols.

The gaoler shall not put, keep, or lodge prisoners for debt and felons together in one room or chamber ; but they shall be put, kept, and lodged separate and apart from one another in dif-tinCl rooms, on pain of forfeiting his office, and treble damages to the party grieved.

The justices, in their several quarter-sessions, shall order the walls and cielings of the several wards, both of the debtors and felons, and also of any other rooms used by the prisoners in their respective gaols where felons are Usually confined, to be scraped and white-washed once in the year at lead ; and to be regularly washed and kept clean, and condantly supplied with fresh air by hand-ventilators, or otherwise; and shall order two rooms in each gaol, one for the men, and the other for the women, to be set apart for the sick prisoners, directing them to be removed into such rooms, as soon as they shall be seized with any disorder, and kept separate from those who shall be in health; and shall order a warm and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, to be provided in each gaol, and direct the prisoners to be walked in such warm or cold baths or bathing tubs, according to the condition in which they shall be at the time, before they are suffered to go out of the gaol upon any occasion whatsoever. And they shall order this act to be printed in large and legible characters upon a board, and

hung

1/. Rjyyn. 136* Malefactors and debtors separate.

19 C. 2. C. 4.

In cases of infection.

Removal of prisoners.

22 23 C. 2.

c. 20.

Penalty on putting prisoners together.

14 G. 3. c. 59. Wails white-waihed.

Gaol ventilated.

Bath* provided.

15°

Act printed, and hung up. Surgeon, &cc. to report*

Cloaths, when necessary*

Health of prisoners.

Gaoler's neglect.

*4 G 3* *

e. 54.

Justices to build and repair.

Id.

To eontrad with builders*

Id.

New gaol may be built by justices*

Id.

Separate places of confinement.

Sexes Separated*

Infirmaries, chapel, baths.

Gaol and Gaolers.

hung up in some conspicuous part of the gaol. And they shall \ also appoint an experienced surgeon or apothecary, at a dated salary, to attend the gaol, who shall report to the justices, at 1 each quarter-sessions, a (late of the health of the prisoners under his care. And they shall have power, in the said quarter- ^ sessions, to order cloaths to be provided for the prisoners, when 1 they fee occasion; and, to prevent the prisoners from being kept underground, whenever they can do it conveniently; and to make such other orders, from time to time, for restoring or „ preserving the health of prisoners, as they shall think necef- j fary; and also to dirett the several courts of justice within their respective jurisdictions, to be properly ventilated. And if the gaoler shall neglect or disobey the orders of the justices, he may be proceeded against in a summary way, by complaint tq the judges of assize, or to the justices in their quarter-sessions*

Gaols,

JUSTICES in fessions, upon pre/entment by the grand jury, arc enabled to build and repair gaols in their respectivi counties.

The justices are to give notice, three times at lead, in some public paper, of such presentment having been made, and of their intention to take the same into their consideration, at the next, or some other general quarter-session 5 and after such consideration, they shall give notice of their intention to con-tratt with persons for repairing, rebuilding, or enlarging such gaol. Such contracts to be entered in a book, to be kept by the clerk of the peace, liable to be inspected by the justices, or any person contributing to the rates of the county. See. with* out fee or reward.

If the presentment sets forth, that the place wherein the old gaol is situate is improper, the said justices may build a new gaol in any part of the county, &c. provided three-fourths in number of the justices assembled at two successive quarter-fcr-fions, after due notice as aforesaid, shall approve of such removal, but not otherwise.

The justices, in their choice of the ground, and in determining their plans, shall pursue fuchmeasures as shall provide separate and distinct places of confinement, and dry and airy cells, for prisoners of the following descriptions by day and night, viz. Prisoners convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge of suspicion of felony; prisoners committed for or adjudged to be guilty of misdemeanors, and debtors: the males of each class to be separated from the females : And a separate place of confinement for such prisoners as are to be examined as witnesses on behalf of any prosecution of an in-didlment for felony: Separate infirmaries, or sick wards, for men and women ; and also a chapel; and convenient warm

and

Gaols.

*5*

I I and cold baths,or bathing tubs, as directed by 14 G. 3. c. 59.; and care shall be taken that the prisoners shall not be kept under ground.

The justices may purchase lands, houses. See. for building, *4 3*

'"li^ging, and accommodating such gaols. .f

The (henfF may remove the prisoners to such house or houses Jands# of correction belonging to such county, Sec. as the justices so id. assembled, with the consent of the said sheriff, shall approve of; and shall confine them there, while the new gaol is build- What donc ing, or the old gaol is repairing or enlarging .* The expence of !"h,le; "cw gaol such removal to be paid by the county, city, division. See. . 15 DU1 in8* The justices, at their general quarter-sessions, may nominate id. and appoint one or morejustice or justices to visit and super- VisitUgjustices. intend the gaols, and make report of the date thereof to the court of the said general quarter-sessions; which court, on such report, may order and direct any sum or sums of money not exceeding 200I. in any one year to be laid out in repairing such gaols; though such warrant of repair shall not have been presented by the grand jury ; and any one or morejustice or justices may order accidental damages to be repaired immediately, so far as may be necessary and sufficient for the safe f custody of the prisoners; and such justice or justices shall re-( port the same to the next court of general quarter-sessions;

{ which court is hereby authorized to order the payment of such J monies as have been necessarily expended on such repairs.

Expences of re-building or repairing county gaols are to be Id.

. defrayed by the county rates: But when the estimate shall ex- County rates to 1 ceed one half of the amount of the annual county rate, taken ^ £°r rac0^,rs> on a mean proportion for the last five years, the justices, in 6

'* their quarter-sessions, may borrow, on mortgage of the rates. When rates

jjl such sums not less than 50I. nor more than 100I. each, at legal ™a*dbc morU j or lower interest, as to the major part of them (not being less 6age *

I than five) shall appear necessary and expedient: Such agreements, signed by the chairman, and two or more justices pre-

i sent at making the order, to be an effectual security.

All persons, to whom such securities shall be made, may j transfer them to any others. The justices may charge the tiestranf* f county rates not only with the interest of the sums so borrow- crie *

1 ed, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal, at least, to such interest; which last shall be applied to the discharge ] of so many of the principal sums, as it will extend to discharge in each year; till the whole, both principal and interest, shall be fully paid and discharged.

All receipts and payments are to be entered in a book, to be 24 G % f' kept by a proper person, and inspected by the justices at every Account* in-fl sessions; and if the person appointed to keep the account shall spefted.

not have applied the money to the purposes hereby directed,

! he shall forfeit double the amount. The justices shall direct I in what order the securities shall be discharged by lot or other-°j wife, discharging such first, which shall bear the highest interest

Gaols.

152

24 G. 3Jeff, 2* c. 54- #

Guardians may fell or convey lands.

Id.

Jury may settle value.

Id.

How impan-uelled.

Eapences, by whom borne.

Id.

Justices may take possession.

Id.

Special session for receiving plans, See.

Report of e*-pence, See.

24 G. 3. fess. 2.

54* ; Nojuftiee to have any interest in contracts, See.

Id.

Salaries to gaolers ioftcad of liquors.

terest. The whole money to be paid, within a limited time, not exceeding fourteen years.

Bodies politic, and guardians, may sell and convey lands for the purpose of erecting new gaols, or enlarging the old ones : But if the purchase-money of such lands shall exceed iool. it shall be laid out in purchase of lands, &c. subject to the same uses, and till the purchases are made, it shall be laid out in government securities, whether it be more or less than iool.

if the parties refuse to treat, the justices in sessions, or any two or more appointed for that purpose, shall enquire into the value of such houses, See. and shall ascertain it by a jury of indifferent men, whose verdict shall be final.

The justices, or any two of them, may issue their warrant to the sheriff or bailiff, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return twenty-four qualified persons, out of whom they shall draw by ballot, and swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve men, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid. And such justices may impose a fine ofnot more than 10I. nor less than 20s. on any sheriff or bailiff. See. making default herein : Expences of the jury to be borne by the building fund, if adjudged to be worth more, and by the feller, if less, than the justices had offered *

On payment of the money, or leaving it in the hands of such persons as the justices in session shall appoint, the justices, or any two of them, may take possession of the premises.

Where the county is divided into several ridings, the justices for the several divisions, in the next general quarter-session after the presentment of the gaol, may nominate three or more justices, who shall, within one month (due notice having been given to the justices by the clerk of the peace of such divisions respectively), meet and assemble at such gaol. And the said justices, or the major part of them (such major part not being less than five) shall hold a special sessions at the said gaol, for receiving plans, contracts. See. and the said last mentioned justices shall make their report to the general quarter-sessions of the peace of such ridings, of the several plans and ef-timates, and also of the expence necessary to be raised on each riding, as their quota of the expence to be incurred; which sums shall be raised after the manner of county rates.

No justice, doing any thing in the execution of this adi, shall be capable of having any beneficial interest or concern whatsoever, in any contract or agreement, nor shall receive any benefit or emolument for any design or plan which he may deliver or produce.

The justices, at their sessions, or at some special adjournment held for that purpose, may appoint such salaries and allowances to gaolers as they shall think proper, in lieu of the advantages which might arise from the sale of liquors in the gaols: Such salaries to be paid by the treasurer of the county, city. Sec. when signed by the chairman of the sessions. But

such

J

LIBR „ 5':

Gaols.

such certificate of salaries is not to be signed by the chairman, till they shall have been settled at the next general quarter-sessions, or at some special adjournment thereof; of which sessions or adjournment, notice shall have been given at lead fourteen days before in the public papers by the clerk of the peace.

No gaoler, from June 24, 1785, shall suffer tippling or gaming in the prison, or shall fell, or suffer to be sold, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors, or have any interest in the sale thereof, under the penalty of 10I. for every such offence* to be recovered by distress, on confession, or the oath of any witness or witnesses, which oath the justices are hereby empowered to administer.

The penalty, after charges of recovering it are deduced, shall be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the use of the prisoner; and, on failure of distress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction for three months, or till the penalty, and all reasonable charges shall be paid.

Justices shall cause the conviction of any person offending against this act, to be drawn up in this form:

7 Be it remembered, that on the -- day of — — in the

^ — — year of the reign of his Majesty ----- --- A. B. is

convicted before---- one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said — — — by virtue of an act of parliament made in the z\th year of the reign of his Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act to enable justices of peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties, of [here set forth the offence, and the time when, and place where the same was committed]. Given under my hand and seal the day and year of oresaid.

Form of mortgage, and charge upon the county-rates for securing sums borrowed, is at the end of the act, and needs not to be inserted here.

4

Of Clergymen to officiate in Gaols.

THE justices in sessions may appoint clergymen to officiate in gaols according to the rites of the church of England, and allow to each a salary not exceeding 50I. a year; to be paid by the treasurer out of the county rate.

How prisoners shall be delivered.

9'

If the prisoner is acquitted, or discharged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, or hath no bill found against him, he shall pay no fee to the gaoler for his discharge; but such fees as hath been usual, not exceeding 13s. 4d. shall, on certificate of the judge or justice before whom such prisoner hath been discharged, be paid out of the general county rate.

X Concerning

*5 3

»4 G. i./tjf.u r 54.

Tippling and gaming prohibited.

Id.

Penalties, how applied.

Id.

Form of conviction*

13 C. 3. c. 58. Chaplain's salary.

14 G. 3. c. 20. No fee to the? gaoler.

Gaols

*54

32 G. z. c. 2^' Sheriffs officers* fees.

Copy to be shewn to the pirty arrested.

Indulgence to debtors.

32 G. 2. e» 28;

Tables of fees to be established,

Concerning Debtors.

^ t ' t. t<m ' # ‘ '* —

NO sheriff, bailiff, or other officer, shall take more for one Or more night's lodging, or for a day's diet, or other expen-ces# of any person under arrest, than shall be allowed by order of sessions: which sessions shall make order therein, and vary the same from time to time, as they shall see occasion ; and shall cause a copy of every such order, and of every variation or alteration thereof, signed by the clerk of the peace, to be put up and kept in some conspicuous place in the sessions house or other proper place, that the same may be there seen and examined. And every sheriff, and other person intruded with the execution of process,- shall deliver a printed copy of the several clause/s in this act relating to bailiffs and other persons to be employed under them, to every such bailiff and other person ; and shall also make it part of the condition of the bond to be given by such bailiff or other person, that he will ihevv and deliver a copy of the said clauses to every person he shall arred, and go with to any public or other house where any liquor shall be fold, and that he will permit every person so arreded, or any friend of his, to read over the same clauses before any liquor, meat, or victuals shall be called for or brought to such person : And if any bailiff shall offend in the premises, he shall, besides the breach of the condition of the bond, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor in the execution of the process, and punishable as such by virtue of this act. And the sheriffs and gaolers shall suffer any prisoner for debt, at his will and pleasure, to fend for or to have brought unto him, at seasonable times in the day, any beer, ale, victuals, or other necessary food, from what place he shall think fit, or can have the same; and also to have and use such bedding, linen, and other necessaries, as he shall have occasion for and think fit, or shall be supplied with, without purloining or detaining the same, or requiring him to pay for the having or using thereof, or putting any manner of redraint or difficulty upon him in relation thereunto.

The two lords chief justices and lord chief baron, or two of them, together with the mayor and two aldermen of London, or with three aldermen without the mayor, in respect of the prisons within the said city; and the said lords chief justices and chief baron, or two of them, together with three justices of the peace of Middlesex and Surry respectively, for the prisons within the said counties; and elsewhere, the justices in sessions, shall edabliih tables of the rates and fees to be taken by

N. B. It may not be amiss to insert in this place a determination of the court of King's Bench, Michaelmas term 1787; viz. that the sheriff is entitled, on the levying of executions, to nothing more than what is allowed by Eliz. 29, which entitles the sheriff to is. in the pound on all executions, where the sum levied amounts to 100I. or less, and to 6d. in the pound, for all above that sum.

gaoler s

b1


Gaols. 155

gaolers within their respective jurisdiction, and vary the same, from time to time, as they shall see occasion. The same to be signed respectively by the said judges, mayor, aldermen, and justices within London, Middlesex, and Surrey, and elsewhere,

I to be signed by three or more justices in sessions, and afterwards reviewed and confirmed or moderated by the judges of assize (or justices of great sessions in Wales and Cheshire) at the next assizes to be held ascer making or varying the same as aforesaid ; the same to be afterwards signed by the said judges of assize and three justices of the peace of such division or place respectively; and proper rules and orders, for the better government of the respective gaols and prisoners therein, shall be made, and altered from time to time, as there shall be occasion, by and altered from the courts of Westminster-hall, for the several prisons belong- time to time, ing to the said courts ; and, by the said lords chief justices and \ chief barons or two of them, together with the mayor of 1 London and two aldermen, or with three aldermen without the mayor, for the prisons within the said city: And, by the said lords chief justices and chiefbaron, or two of them, together with three justices of the peace, for the prisons within Middlesex and Surrey ; and elsewhere, by three or more justices in sessions, for the prisons within their respective districts; the same to be afterwards reviewed, and altered, if thought necessary, by the judges of assize at the next assizes after making or altering the same.'

And duplicates of every such table of fees and of orders 31 G. z.f.aS, which shall be made for the prisons belonging to the courts of Implicates cn-

( Westminster-hall, shall be enrolled in such court: And for any rolled* other prisons, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be enrolled by him, without fee; and every such clerk of the peace shall cause another copy thereof to be hung up in the Hung up in court where the assizes or quarter-sessions shall be held, there court, to remain and be inspected; and shall cause another eppy A copy to the thereof to be transmitted to the gaoler; and such gaoler shall gaoer* forthwith cause the same to be hung up in some open place, To hungup and in a conspicuous manner in his gaol; and to be there kept *,n the gaol.

1 up, so as that the prisoners may have free resort thereto, at seasonable times in the day, without paying any thing for the : same. The courts at Westminster, justices of assize (and great and Bc

» sessions), justices of the peace, and commissioners for charitable : uses, shall, from time to time, esquire concerning gifts and

1 bequests to poor prisoners; they may fend for papers and wit-

1 nesses, and examine persons upon oath, and order and settle the

payment thereof in such easy and expeditious way as they shall think proper. And a table of fuefi benefactions, after every such J settling thereof, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be registered by him without fee; and another table to the gaoler, to be hung and kept up by him in some conspicuous t place in his gaol.

X z

Concerning

*56

Gaols.

S3 G. 2. C. 29; County relief.

39 G. 3. e. 67. Gaoler's certificate at Michael, mas quarter-session.

to be examined

and considered.

Penalty for gaoler's neglect!^

Concerning the Prisons of the King's Bench and Marshalsea.

THE justices in Easter sessions shall set down what sums shall be sent out of every county or place corporate, for the relief of the poor prisoners of the king's-bench and Marshalsea, so as there be sent out of every county yearly 20s. at the least to each of the said prisons; to be paid by the high constables out of the general county rate, to two such treasurers, or one of them, as by the most part of the justices of the county shall be elected to be treasurers.

At the quarter-session next after the session of parliament, 1789, and at the Michaelmas session annually, a certificate in the form annexed, shall be delivered by every gaoler to the chairman, read in open court, in the presence of the grand jury, and entered upon record as part of the minutes of the said session.

The said court of quarter-session shall thereupon take the said certificate into their consideration, and summon any person or persons named therein to appear before them, and shall give such directions, and make such orders relative to any of the matters contained in such certificate, as to such justices shall seem meet; and shall and may take security from any person or persons whom the same may concern for his or their due compliance therewith.

If any gaoler or other officer, having the care or superin-tendance of any gaol, being a county gaol, shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered such certificate as aforesaid, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 50I. and, not being a county gaol, the sum of 20I. to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same.

Certificate referred to by this act. 1

l

r At the general quart erfessions of the peace for the to wit < holden at this day of in the year of our Lord

the certificate of in pursuance of the statute

in this case made and provided, respecting the gaol of

22 IA 23 C. 2. c. 20, ena&s, that felons and debtors shall be kept separate, under penalties upon the sheriff or gaoler.

24 G. 2. r. 40. ena&s, 1. That no gaoler shall fell, lend, ufe„ or give away, or suffer spirituous liquors within any gaol, under a penalty.

2. That a copy of the clause last mentioned, as also of two other clauses respecting the same, shall be hung up in the gaol, under a penalty.

32. G.

Gaols. 157

32 G. 2. e. 28. enadls, that the clerk of the peace shall cause a list of the fees payable by debtors, and the rules and orders for the government of gaols and prisons, to be hung up in the court where the assizes and sessions shall be held, and fend another copy to the gaol; and the gaoler shall cause the same to be hung up in a conspicuous place in the said gaol,

13 G. 3. c. 58. enacts, that clergymen may be provided to officiate in gaols.

14 G. 3. r. 20. enacts, that persons acquitted, or difehar-ged upon proclamation, for want of prosecution, shall be discharged immediately, in open court, and without fee.

14 G. 3. r. 59. enacts, that 1. The walls and cielings of cells in gaols shall be feraped and white-washed once in the year at lead.

2. That the cells shall be kept clean ; and

3. That they shall be supplied with fresh air, by ventilators or otherwise.

4. That there shall be two rooms set apart for the (ick.

5. That a warm and cold bath, or bathing tubs, shall be provided.

6. That this act shall be hung up in the gaol.

7. That a surgeon or apothecary shall be appointed, with a salary.

N. B. To these federal articles, the gaoler is exp efted to make a particular return.

For the better regulation of gaols, and other places of con- 31 G. 3 . c. 46. finement used as houses of correction or penitentiary houses, Appointment of in and for the several counties, ridings, and divisions, within 8OV2rnct> &c« that part of Great Britain called England; it is enabled, by this statute, That the justices of the peace, assembled at one or more general or quarter-sessions for any county, riding, or division, or at any special adjournment thereof, held for such express purpose, of which sessions or adjournment, public notice shall have been given in some newspaper circulating in such county, and signed by the clerk of the peace, and at which five justices at lead shall be present, shall appoint a governor or talk-master, and such other officers, for every place of confinement used as a house of correction, or penitentiary house, in and fair such county, riding, or division; and with such salaries and allowances for the said governor, and other officers, as they, the said justices, or the major part of them,

shall deem necessary, and shall order or direct the said salaries to be paid out of the county rate ; and the said justices just;ce's power shall, from time to time, have power to remove the governor of icmovai. and other officers of the said houses, and to appoint others in their (lead, and to increase or diminiffi the number of the officers, exclusive of the governor, and also to alter the salaries and allowances of such governor, and other officers, as they shall, from time to time, find convenient.

In fixing the salary and allowance of such governor or task-

master.

*58

Reference to work door*

Govermri fe-

curity.

31 G, 3. c. 46.

Governor

ejedted.

Rules and orders, by whom made.

Py whom confirmed.

t>Go

Gaols.

master, the justices shall have regard. To far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in such houses ; that it may become theinterest, as well as duty, of such governor or task-master, to fee that all persons under his custody be regularly and profitably employed. The governor and other officers shall give such security for the performance of their respective duties, and to such person or persons, as the said justices, from time to time, shall appoint; and such governor, or other officers, for any negligence or misbehaviour in their respective offices, may either be proceeded against on the security so to be given, or shall be fineable by the said justices, at any general or quarter-sessions, in the same manner as the governor of any house of correction is fineable by justices of the peace, by 7 Jac, 1, c. 4, and by 17 G. 2. c. 5.

If any governor of any such house, being removed by any order of the said justices, at their general or quarter-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall refuse or neglect to quit the possession of the said house for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two or more of the said justices, upon proof before them of such order of removal, such notice thereof, and such neglect or refusal to comply with the same, may, by warrant under their hands and seals, direct the sheriff of the said county to remove such governor out of the said house, and the sheriff shall accordingly clear the possession thereof, in like manner as upon a writ of habere facias possessionem.

The j ustices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, at some general or quarter-sessions, or adjourned fession, to make such rules and orders for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, cloathing, maintaining, employing, reforming, governing, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, during their respective confinement in the said penitentiary houses, and also for adjusting what aid shall be given to them, as well upon such confinement, as on their being released, as to the said justices shall seem most fit and proper; but no such rules and orders shall be made at any such sessions, unless five justices at lead shall be present; and in making such rules and orders, the said justices shall have regard to the discipline, provisions, and directions contained in an act of 19 G. 3. c. 74, concerning the two national penitentiary houses therein mentioned ; but such rules and orders shall not begin to have full force until they have been submitted to the justices of assize, great fession, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at the af-sizes which shall be holden for such county next after the making of such rules and orders, or at some subsequent assizes; and the said justices, to whom such rules and orders shall have been submitted, shall have subscribed a certificate or declaration, that they do not fee any thing contrary to law in the said rules and orders so to be made as aforesaid. Rules and orders

shall

Gaols.

*59

shall afterwards be added to, or altered, from time to time, as often as the said justices of the peace for such county, at any general or q u arter-fession s, or adjourned fession (at which five at least shall be present) shall think necessary ; and such additions and alterations shall also, in like manner, be submitted 3« G> 3» c to the justices of assize, great fession, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at any assizes for such county, in manner aforesaid, who shall subscribe such certificate or declaration as before mentioned. Nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive any convict of the benefit of any weekly or other allow- Convict's allow. ance, which has usually been, or hereafter may be, granted ance continued, or made by virtue of any law, statute, custom, or order, for the purpose of maintaining and supportingconvifted prisoners, provided always that the application of all and every such allowance be subject to such limitations and restrictions as may be contained in the rules and orders herein directed to be made for the government and police of the said houses.

Every governor of the several places of confinement to be used as houses of correction, or penitentiary houses, and his or their assistants, shall have the same powers over the offenders to be confined therein, as are incident to the office of a sheriff. Governor an-or of a gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for the escape fwcrable for of any offender within his custody. The said governor shall escape. have power to hear complaints, and examine persons touching offences, and punish the same (except by whipping) in such Power as to pu« and the same manner as the governor of each penitentiary nishment. house, directed to be built by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, is, by the said act, empowered to do; and in case of the repetition of such offences, or in case of offences more enormous, which the said governor is not by this act empowered to punish, the said governor shall report the same to the visiting justices, or one of them, for the time being, Report to to be appointed as herein-after is directed, and such justices, ing justices or one of them, shall have power to esquire, upon oath, and determine concerning allAich offences so reported to them, and shall order such offenders to be punished, either by moderate whipping, repeated whippings, or by close confinement, for any term not exceeding one month. If any person, ordered to hard labour, shall at any time, during the term for which he or she shall be so ordered, break prison, or shall escape from the Breaking pri-placeiof his or her confinement, or in the conveyance to the son, &c. same, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender; or if any person shall rescue any offender, who shall be ordered to hard labour, either during his or her conveyance to the place of his or her confinement, or whilst such offender shall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or she shall be confined ; or if any per- Assisting In ref-son shall be aiding or assisting in any such rescue, or if any cue* person having such custody, as an assistant, shall voluntarily or negligently permit such offender to escape; or if any person

i6o

31 G. 3. C. 46.

How punifk-abls.

Visiting justice'i duty.

Report in

writing.

Every justice may insped,

and report to' the sessions,

to be enquired into.

Rules and orders.

Gaols.

shall, by supplying arms, tools, instruments, or means of dif-guise, or otherwise in any manner aid or assist any such offender in any escape, or in any attempt to make an escape, though no escape be actually made, every such offence as aforesaid shall be punishedin the same manner as the like offence would be punishable under the before-mentioned act of 19 G. 3. e. 74, if such had been committed by or in respect to any person ordered to hard labour in either of the two penitentiary houses therein mentioned.

The provision of 19 G. 3. c. 74, for prosecutions for escapes, &c. shall extend to this act.

The justices of the peace shall, at every general or quarter-sessions after the passing of this act, appoint two or more juf-»tices visitors of each of the said gaols and other places of confinement; and such visiting justices so respectively appointed shall, either together or singly, personally viiit and inspect such prison at lead three times in every quarter of a year, and oftener, if occasion shall require, and shall examine into the date of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the ref-pedive officers, and the treatment and condition of the prisoners, the amount of their earnings, and the expences attending such prison, and in matters of pressing necessity, and within the powers of their commission as justices, shall take cognizance thereon, and proceed to regulate and redress the same; and at every general or quarter-sessions of the peace, the said visiting justices respectively shall make a report in writing of the (late and condition of the same, and of all abuses which may occur to their observation therein; and the chairman of the said sessions is hereby required to call upon the said visitors for such report. It shall be lawful for every justice of the peace for such county, riding, or division, of his own accord, and without being appointed a visitor, to enter into and to examine the same at such time or times, and as often as he shall think (it; and if he shall discover any abuses therein, he is hereby required to report them in writing at the next general or quarter-sessions of the peace, or adjourned sessions, which shall be holden for such county, riding, or division. When report of any abuses in the said place of confinement shall be made by the said visiting justices, or either of them, or by any other justice of the peace for such county, riding, or division, the abuses so reported shall be taken into immediate consideration by the justices of the peace for such county. See. and they are hereby required to adopt the mofteffectual measures for enquiring into and rectifying such abuses, as soon as the nature of the case will allow.

A body of rules, orders, and regulations, as bye laws for the government of the said gaols, and of the prisoners to be therein confined, shall be made, framed, and confirmed, by such persons, and in such manner as is appointed for county gaols in general, by a statute of 30 G. 2. c. 28. In the same rules, orders,

Gaols.

161

ders, and regulations, proper and particular directions shall be given for effectuating such reparation and classing of prisoners, as is directed by 24 5. 3. c. 54, with such further reparation and classing as shall be thought requisite, and also as well as for enforcing, amongst the prisoners of all descriptions, cleanli-ness, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as for securing a just and humane treatment of them by the gaoler and his servants, and all directions contained in the said act, respecting such rules and orders, shall beexaftly conformed to.

The court, by whom any offender shall be sentenced to transportation for crimes committed after the first day of July, 1791, or, in the case of any offender to whom his Majesty's royal mercy shall have been extended on condition of transportation, or any judge or justice of the court, by or before whom such offender shall have been convicted, or any justice of the king's bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer, or justice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, orjustices of peace at their quarter-session, may order and adjudge that such per*v ion shall be imprisoned and kept to hard labour in the common gaol, in and for the county where such offender shall have been convicted, until he or she be transported, or otherwise removed according to law, or until he or she, by the expiration of the term of such sentence of transportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his or her liberty; and the time during which such offender shall so continue confined, shall be reckoned in discharge, or part of discharge, or satisfaction, of the term of his or her transportation. f-

The keeper of the common gaol, and also the governors or keepers ofthefeveral places of confinement to be used as penitentiary houses, on the first day of every assizes, great sessions, or general gaol delivery, shall make a just and true return in writing to the clerk of assize, or other clerk or proper officer of such court, specifying the number and size of the cells completed for the reception of prisoners ordered to imprisonment and hard labour, the names of all and every person or persons in his custody, the offences of which they have been guilty, the court before which e*ich person was convicted, the sentence of the court, if tried and convicted before any court of record, or, if committed by one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the name of the justice or justices, before whom such person or persons was or were convicted, and the offence of which such person or persons was or were convicted, the age, bodily estate, and behaviour, of every such convict.

Every such return, before it is delivered into court, shall be examined by one or more of the visiting j ufticcs, to be appointed as herein-before directed, who is hereby required to sign such return, and to annex thereto such observations as he shall think fit on every particular therein contained.

4 N. B. Where there are hopes of reformation, a pardon has been often obtained, on condition of their being kept to hard labour for a fixed term of years ; and where the offender is really reclaimed, that term has been ihorten-ed, or a free pardon granted.

Y As

31 G. 3. c. 46.

Separation and classing of pii. fonera.

Convicts for transportation, how dealt with.

Keeper's return.

Number and size of cells,

See. Scc.

31 C. 3. c. 46. Return to be signed.

162

Gaols.

Separation of prisoners,

If it can be effected } if not, what to be done.

Materials for work.

Profits applied.

All prisonerr, if willing, may have work.

31 G, 3. e % 46. Food and raiment for those who cannot work.

As long as any perton under sentence of transportation shall continue in the common gaol, the gaoler having custody of such offender, shall separate such convict, as far as conveniently may be, from every person in his custody,# except prisoners convicted of felony.

If the common gaol shall not be in a slate to afford the means of reparation according to the directions of the ad of 24 G. 3. r. 54, the said gaoler shall report the insufficiency of such county gaol to the grand jury, great sessions, or general gaol delivery, next after the passing of this act, and at every fub-sequent assize, great fession, or general gaol delivery, till such means of reparation shall be effected.

And whereas, by an act of 19 Car. 2. c. 4, it was enacted, That the justices of the peace, in their respective counties, at any of their general sessions, should provide a (lock of materials for thefetting poor prisoners on work, in such manner and by such ways as other county charges may be levied and raised, and should pay and provide lit persons to oversee and set such persons on work, and make such orders as shall by them be thought needful, and should bellow the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners set on work for their relief, provided that no parish be rated above sixpence by the week towards the premises: And whereas the provision of the said recited fla-tute is very fit to be executed with respect to such prisoners therein described, as shall be confined in the gaols, with an extension thereof to all other prisoners inclined to take the benefit thereof, and also an increase of the sum limited by the said act for defraying the expence of executing the same: Justices, by this act, may execute the recited provision in favour of all prisoners willing to work ; and for that purpose are hereby authorized, at a general or quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direct the payment of such sums of money out of the county rate for the said county, as they shall, from time to time, think fit, to be expended in executing the provision of the said last-mentioned act, according to the extension thereof hereby made.'

And whereas, by an act of 14 Eliz. c. 5, as also by the above-mentioned act of 32 G. 2, some provision is made for the relief of prisoners; but, notwithstanding the humane purposes thereof, the health of prisoners is frequently so affected, by want of necessary food, as to render them incapable of labour when released, justices in fession may order assistance out of the county rates to prisoners who cannot work, or who, being able, cannot procure employment sufficient to sustain themselves by their industry, or who may not be otherwise provided for by virtue of any law or statute, or of any custom, or order, such food and raiment as the said justices shall, from time to time, think necessary for the support of health, and such money shall accordingly be applied, in conformity to the directions to be given by the said justices,

# This exception, it were to be wifiied, might be done away, where the prison will admit of a more eft'eduai reparation.

v Visitors


NEW YC

Gaols.

163

1

E

I

f

t-

Visitors shall report any extraordinary diligence or merit in 3* G. 3. c. 46* offenders to the great sessions, &c. to be holden for the county Diligence and in which such offender was convicted, in order that such juf- mcm rewarded* tices may, if they think proper, recommend such offender to the royal mercy; and if his Majesty shall thereupon be graciously pleased to shorten the duration of such offenders confinement, such offender shall, together with necessary cloathing, receive such sum of money for his or her immediate fub-(istence, as the said visiting justices shall think proper, so as such sura shall not exceed twenty shillings, nor be less than five shillings, in case such offender shall have been confined for the space of one year, and so in proportion for any shorter term of confinement; and such sums of money, as also the expence of such cloathing, shall be paid out of the county rate.

The justices in session may settle a table of fees for gaolers. Fees for g*ole» See. and are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to rc8u,ate<i* time, to alter, vary, or totally disallow of all or any such charges and fees, and to order a copy of the table of fees so regulated to be hung up in the court of assize and quarter-sessions for the county, riding, or division, and another copy thereof to be transmitted to the said gaoler or keeper, who shall cause the same to be hung up in some conspicuous place within the gaols or penitentiary houses; and all orders and directions contained in the said last-mentioned act, respecting the tables of fees and rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of prisons, shall be conformed to, as if the same were herein particularly enacted and repeated ; and, by way of recompence for any diminution of emolument in the office of gaoler, or keeper of the said gaols or penitentiary houses, by means of any such regulation of fees, or by the disallowing any such charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of all or any part of the profits and emoluments that have usually arisen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the said justices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby further authorized and impowered to grant such salaries and allowances to the said gaoler or keeper, and to his assistants, as to the said justices shall appear reasonable and satisfactory, and from time to time Salaries Instead to alter and vary the same, as they shall think fit; and may of emolument*, grant salaries where emoluments are diminished ; and order and direct the said salaries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the treasurer of the county, upon an order signed by the chairman, specifying the salary and allowance so directed to be paid: No regulation of fees affecting the sheriff shall take place, unless such sheriff shall, by writing under his hand, consent thereto: Justices may stipulate with gaolers for payment of salaries, which are not to be given to persons incapable of executing the office.

All fines, forfeitures, and penalties, inflicted by this act, or pjnes an(j which shall be inflicted by virtue of any rule or order to be nalties, Hjw made in pursuance thereof, the levying and recovering of which are not particularly herein directed, shall be levied by

Y 2 distress

Gaols

31 G. 31 46. distress and Tale of the offender's goods and chattels, by war*

rant under the hands and seals of two justices of the peace, who are hereby authorized to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and determine the same; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this act imposed and inflicted, or authorized to be imposed and inflicted, the application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall be paid, from time to time, to the treasurer of the county, for the time being, and shall be applied and disposed of for the purposes of this act, and the overplus, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner: Offenders may be committed toprifbn for want of distress, for any term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

All and every the justice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following, or any other form of words, to the same effect, viz.

F«rm of conviction.

BE it remembered. That on

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

A. B. is convicted before me, C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of

[Specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand and seal, the day and

year first above-mentioned.

Power of appeal

within four months*

On entering into recognizance.

Decision final.

Not quafljed for want of form.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the general or quarter-sessions, &c. within four calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen ; the appellant first giving, or causing to be given, seven clear days notice at least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, to the justice or justices before whom the conviction shall have been had, and to the clerk of the peace for the county. Sec. in which such offence shall be tried, and within two days after such notice shall enter into recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said county, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter-session ; and the justices at such fession, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter-session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

No order made touching or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, nor any proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender or offenders against it, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by any

LIBB

J '

Gaols.

any writ or process into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and where any distress shall be made, the distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, &c. or on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (if any) in an action upon the case; unless tender of fufRcient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party distraining, before such action brought.

If any suit or action shall be prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act or the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue joined ; or if, upon demurrer, or otherwise, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs ; and though a verdict shall be given for any plaintiff, in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the action, and of the verdict obtained thereupon.

All actions shall be commenced within (ix calendar months after the fad committed.

e

ri

i

Gauger. See Excise. Gin. See Excise.

Glass.

FOR the establishing a corporation for carrying on a glass manufactory, for the calling of large plate-glass (which ad hath continuance for twenty-one years) many of the penalties and forfeitures are recoverable before one justice of the place where such manufacture shall be carried on ; which, not b^ing general, it is thought sufficient in this place to refer those whom it may concern to the ad itself.

Gloves.

165

or removed into another court.

General issue.

Limitation of actions.

13 <7. 3. c* 38.

Penalties, how recoverable.

166

Gloves.

a? C. 3* ' Glove licence.

Jd.

Jd.

Under whose management.

Jd.

Fc nalty.

Jd.

By whom licence granted.

Id.

lnfcnption on shop, Sec. *

Id.

Words affixed by unlicensed dealers.

Id.

Who deemed retailers.

Jd.

Stamped ticket*

Jd.

Penalty for

emitting it.

FROM and after the first day of August 1785, all persons uttering or vending in Great-Britain any gloves or mittens, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose, for which there shall be charged a (lamp duty of is.

For every pair of gloves or mittens, sold by retail.

For above 4d. and to lod. - id.

lod. to is. 4d. - 2d.

is. 4d. and more - 3d.

All the said duties shall be under the management of the commissioners of stamps, who, or the major part of them, are to provide and use such stamps to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf.

No person whatsoever, required by this act to be licenced, shall fell any gloves or mittens without a licence, in Great-Britain, upon pain of forfeiting, for every offence, the sum of 20I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

Any two or more of his Majesty's of of stamps, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to fell gloves or mittens, within Great-Britain, for the space of one year ; such licence to be renewed annually, ten days at least before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed.

Every person vending gloves or mittens by retail, shall cause the words, dealer in gloves, to be painted or written in large and legible characters, in some visible place in the front of hisor their house, shop, or warehouse, on penalty of 5I. for every pair fold without such inscription.

If any person or persons shall cause the words dealer in gloves, to be affixed or put on the front of his, her, or their house, shop, or warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of4ol.

All persons who shall fell any Iefs quantity than twelve dozen pair of gloves or mittens at one time, to any one person, shall be deemed retailers of gloves.

'Every pair of gloves or mittens sold by any retail-dealer, shall have affixed upon the inside of the right hand glove of each pair, a stamped ticket, in such manner and form as the of of his Majesty's stamp duties shall, from time to time, direct.

If any retail dealer shall fell, or expose to sale, or if any person or persons shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any gloves or mittens, subject to the stamp duties hereby imposed, unless the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed, or that shall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or stamped with a stamp or mark of iefs denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed ; every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such pair of gloves or mittens so fold, or

exposed

LIBR

Gloves.

exposed to sale,or so bought or received in exchange, the sum of zol. ; and if the party so offending shall be a retail dealer, licensed pursuant to this act, the said of of (lamps shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after conviction of the offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to any person licensed in pursuance of this act, who shall fell to any retailer of gloves or mittens so licensed, any gloves or mittens, although the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same, shall not be affixed.

If any person or persons shall, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties hereby imposed, take off any mark or (lamp, or shall, with the like intent, affix or palteon in any glove or mitten, any ticket, the same having been once made use of for the purpose aforesaid, and shall knowingly fell, or expose to sale, any pair of gloves or mittens with such ticket so fraudulently cut off, or removed, all and every person and persons so offending, shall forfeit the sum of 20I.

If any person shall fell or buy any such ticket, in order to be again made use of, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 20I.

Either buyer or feller informing against the other, shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred.

Glovers, in their bills, may make a separate charge for the (lamps.

If any person or persons shall counterfeit any stamp or mark, directed to be used by this act, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be judged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All powers and provisions, prescribed by any former act, relating to the stamp duties, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed.

All pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided, (if sued for within thefpace of six calendar months) one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the informer. *

But, in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, and shall be recoverable in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, See. by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

Any justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, may hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, and may summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and, upon due proof made thereof, either by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

may

167

25 C 3. f. 55. I f Told to retailers.

Id.

Stamp taken off*

Penalty.

Id.

Stamp again made use.

Informer indemnified. Stamps may be charged.

Id.

Stamp counterfeited, felony.

Id.

Id.

Penalties, how applied.

Id.

Limited time,

25 G. 3 .55.

One justice may determine.

Gloves.

168

Power of appeal,

*5 G. 355*

Witness not appearing, punishable.

Id.

Mitigation of penalty*

Id.

Duties, where paid*

may give judgment, and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture so adjudged on the goods of the offender; and cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any ; and, in default of distress, may commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied : Any person or persons aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such colts as shall be awarded, in 1 case such judgment shall be affirmed, may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter-sessions; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

If any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 40s.; to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as herein before directed, as to other penalties.

The justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate and leffen such penalties as he shall think fit, foas such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above all costs and charges; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari, into any court whatsoever.

The several duties shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

Good Behaviour. See Surety. Grand Larceny. See Larceny. Greyhound. See Game.

Gunpowder.

G. 3. 61. TT* VERY person and persons, using any mill or other en-

l.iceofed maga- r> gine for making of gunpowder, shall, besides the magazine. zines and storehouses near their mills, have a good and fufffcient magazine remote from their respective mills, in some convenient place to be licensed by the justices, on pain that

Gunpowder.

every person making gunpowder, without having such magazine remote from the mill, shall forfeit 25I. for every month, during which he shall make gunpowder, without having such magazine, and 5I. for every day during which he (not being hindered by stress of weather, or other just impediment) shall wilfully neglect or delay removing the gunpowder made at such mill. It shall be lawful for the justices in sessions, from time to time, to license the erecting or having such mills and offices, or such magazines for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in places, not being within London or Westminster, or any other limits particularly described, the person having first given fourteen days notice in writing of the intention to make such application, to an overseer of the poor or churchwarden of the parish or place wherein it is proposed to erett such new mill and offices or magazine, or of an adjoining parish, if the place be extra-parochial; which overseer or churchwarden shall cause such notice to be publicly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the parish church after divine service. — And, if the justices in the said sessions shall refuse to grant such licence, the party aggrieved may apply to the said justices then present, for a special state of the case, in order that the said case and proceedings may be removed by certiorari into the court of king's-bench. And if the court of king's-bench shall be of opinion, that the justices ought not to have refused such licence, they shall order the justices to grant such licence at their next sessions, and shall award costs on the writ of certiorari, as they shall think fit.

No person shall be liable to any penalty or prosecution under this acte, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder without such licence of the justices, in any magazine remote from any gunpowder-mill, and already built and used for that purpose, in any place not being within London or Westminster, or the other limits before described, until the expiration of six calendar months, after an adjudication by the justices that the same is dangerous: And they shall not have power to make such adjudication, except on complaint to them by some houftiolder of the parish or place in which the magazine shall be, and after summons of the owner and examination of witnesses. The justices in sessions, on application by makers of gunpowder, may appoint proper and convenient pieces of ground, not being in London or Westminster, or other the limits aforesaid, and not exceeding one acre in any one place, with the use of convenient roads thereto, on which they may erect magazines, after having agreed with the owner for the purchase of the same : And if such owner shall not agree, or by reason of any impediment, cannot agree, the justices shall if-sue a warrant to the sheriff, to summon a jury to appear before them at a time and place appointed, who shall, upon their oaths, enquire into the true value of the said pieces of ground, with the use of such convenient roads thereto. And the justices

169

Licenced mills.

Party refused may apply to king's bench.

i& G. 3. r. 61.

Makers, when liable to penalty*

Places appointed by sessions.

Jury to value ground.

170

Verdict recorded.

Owner, how paid.

Gunpowder.

12 G. 3. r. 61.

Mill, Arc. may be searched*

Two justices to levy the penalty.

Limitation of time.

What mills, &c. exempted.

What vessels may ca^ry gunpowder.

tices may fend for any persons interested, and examine any parties or witnesses upon oath. And the verdict of the jury shall be kept araongst the records of the sessions. And the judgment of the said justices thereon shall be final. And the sum of money so to be adjudged, not exceeding thirty years purchase, shall be paid to the owner of the ground; and, upon such payment, or in case of refusal to accept the money, then upon leaving the same with the justices for the benefit of the owner, the inheritance of the ground, and the use of the said roads thereto, shall be vested in the purchaser, his heirs and assigns, for the purpose aforesaid, and not otherwise.

For the more easy discovery of offenders against this act, any justice, on demand made, and reasonable cause assigned upon oath, may issue his warrant for searching, in the day-time, any house, mill, magazine, &c. in which such gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this act : And all gunpowder found on such search, and also the barrels, shall be immediately seized by the searcher, till it shall be adjudged, on a hearing before two justices, whether the same shall be forfeited. All penalties on this act shall be recovered before two justices, on conviction of the offender by confession or oath of one witness, and be distributed, half to the king, and half to the informer: And where the penalty is pecuniary, it shall be levied by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding six months, nor less than three. Prosecution to be commenced within fourteen days after seizure of the gunpowder, or commission of the offence where there shall not be any seizure. This act shall not extend to any mills or other buildings erected for making gunpowder in any lands belonging to his majesty ; or to the keeping of gunpowder at any of his majesty's store-houses or magazines ; or to hinder the trial of gunpowder by his majesty's officers; or to the keeping of gunpowder at the magazines now erected at Barking Creeksmouth, in the county of Essex, Eryth Level, in the county of Kent, or the magazines near Liverpool, or the city of Bristol; or to the carriage of gunpowder to or from the king's magazines, under a special order from the board of ordnance; or to the carriage of gunpowder with forces on their march, or with the militia during their annual exercise, or which shall be sent for the use of such forces or militia. Also, this act shall not extend to hinder any person from carrying an unlimited quantity of gunpowder, in close decked vessels, Scc. See. from any vessels lying below Black-wall, or from such magazines lying below Blackwall, and going to any place beyond sea, or coastwise.

Guns.

171

Guns. See Game.

Habeas Corpus. See Bail.

Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

For the Duty on Coaches, fee p. 45.

IF any person shall refuse to pay, or shall deface any coach or chair, any justice may grant his warrant to bring him before him ; and, on proof upon oath, may award satisfaction to the party, and, on refusal to pay, may bind him over to the next sessions, who may determine the same.

And if any hackney coachman or chairman shall refuse to go at, or shall exact more for his hire, than the several rates limited by this act, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 40s. to be levied, if not paid, by distress.

If any hackney coachman shall refuse to go at, or shall exact more for his hire thanis according to law, he shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 5I. norlefs than 10s. to be recovered as above.

The breach of the bye-laws, and of these rules and orders, maybe punished by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailif, or other magistrate, where the offence shall be committed, in like manner as by the of And all penalties levied by any justice, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, shall by them be transmitted to the receiver-general of the duties on hackney

I coaches and chairs ; and they shall also transmit a certificate thereof to the of, within ten days after levying such penalty, on pain of iol. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Hackney Coaches.

BY this act, from Sept. 4, 1784, an additional duty of 5s. is to be paid for all licences to keep or drive any hackney coach within the cities of London and Westminster, or the fub-urbs, or weekly bills of mortality. The duty to be paid monthly, and all the directions, provisoes, &c. of former acts to be observed.

All licences, in future, to be granted under payment of 10s. weekly rent.

By 26 G. 3. c, 72, the former rates cease, and the following, from and after the iftof August, 1786, take place:

/. d.

For — not exceeding one mile and a quarter, - 10

For-r-not exceeding two miles, - - 16

Z z For--

9 An. c. 23. Justice's authority.

I G»Jl» 2. c» 57«

TO G. 3. €9 44. May aft as commissioners.

What to do with the penalties.

24 G. 3./# c. 27.

Farther duty on licences.

24 G, 3 .sets* ». c, 24 %

172

Hackney Coaches.

2

0

1 I

o

6

o

6

24 G. 3./*. 2. f. 27.

W.

Mourning

coaches.

Id.

Carts or drays*

Id.

Penalties, how recovered.

32 G. 3. e. 47. Hackney coach, men compellable within the cases herein specified 3

how far compellable at any hour of the Slight.

Persons hiring coaches after fun-fet, when to pay an addition* ai fare.

For — not exceeding two miles and a half.

For every half mile, an additional For — not exceeding three quarters of an hour of time.

From three quarters to an hour.

From one hour to not exceeding one hour and twenty

minutes, - - - -20

For every period of twenty minutes from the first hour

and twenty minutes, ... 06

For a day of twelve hours, - - - 14 6

After twelve hours, to be paid for by the aforesaid rules. Hackney coachmen, by this act, are punishable by summons, either before of or magistrates.

Persons driving a mourning coach or hearse without a number, within five miles of Temple-bar, may be summoned before the of, and fined 5I.

Every cart or dray. See. within five miles of Temple-bar, or in the bills of mortality, shall have the owner's name and place of abode entered at the hackney coach office, and affixed, together with the number of the carriage, on some conspicuous part thereof.

^The penalties and forfeitures are recoverable as by former laws, and the additional duty to be paid into his majesty's exchequer, and kept distinct from all other branches of the public revenues.

From and after July 5, 1792, every hackney coachman, licensed by the of for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, and his, her, or their renter or driver, plying for hire within the cities of London or Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, shall be obliged and compellable, on everyday of the week (unless he or they shall have been out twelve hours, or shall have any other reasonable excuse to be allowed of by the said of, or the justice before whom apy such matter shall be brought in question), to go to any place within the distance of ten miles, in case such coach-man shall have time to return to the said cities by or before fun-fet, or the fare shall undertake to return in such hackney coach.

Every hackney coach-man plying as aforesaid, shall be obliged and compellable, on every day of the week, and at any hour of the night (unless he or they shall have been out twelve hours, or have such other reasonable excuse to be allowed of as aforesaid), to go upon all public high roads, being turnpike roads, or that now are or hereafter shall be lighted up, any where within the distance of two miles and an half from the ends or extreme parts of the several and respective carriageway pavements of the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, where a regular continuation of carriageway pavement doth extend.

Every person hiring a hackney coach to go any further distance than the regular continuation of the carriage-way pavement doth extend, after fun-fet, shall be liable to pay the coach-

man.

Hackney Coaches.

man, not only the fare he is by law entitled to, but also six-pence for every distance not exceeding half a mile, that such coach-man shall have to return to the extreme end of the carriage-way pavement, after setting down his fare, unless the fare shall return in such hackney coach ; which additional fare shall and may be recovered by the same ways and means as any other fare due to such coach-inan is now by law recoverable ; and in case of such hackney coach-man's refusal to go, or exacting any more for his hire than as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to the like penalty and punishment as may, by any of the laws now in force, be inflicted in cases of refusal to carry for hire, or demanding, receiving, or taking for hire any greater sum than such hackney coach-man is intitled to.

No proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act, or any order made, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari. If any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, he or they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence ; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting, such defendant or<je. fendants shall have treble costs.

Nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to> or to lessen or abridge any of the bye-laws now in being rejative to such hackney coach-owners, their renters, or drivers.

This act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act ; and all judges, justices, and other , shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Harbour filling up. See Rivers and Navigation. Hares. See Game.

Hats.

BY this act, for granting duties on licences for vending hats by retail, from Oft. i. 1784, all retailers of hats are to takeouta licence annually, and the duties of 3d. 6d. or is. and 2s. according to the price of the hat, shall be under the management of the commissioners of stamps.

The penalty for felling hats without a licence is 50I.

Every retailer of hats shall have the words. Dealer in hats by retail, over the door of his house, on pain of 40s. for each hat fold.

Any unlicensed person putting up those words, shall forfeit 50I.

Stamped

173

^ v«4

32 G» 3* 47*

Proceedings not to be quashed for want o| form, or removeable by Certiorari.

General issue. Treble costs.

Bye-laws relative to hackney coach ownera not hereby abridged.

Public act.

24 <7. 3.fef. *. 51*

Annual licence.

*4 G. 3 -fej. 1. c♦ 51*

Penalty for ne» gleft.

Inscription over dooT.

174

24 3* 5*

Ticket in the hat#

No stamp, penalty*

Id.

Starrp torn off, penalty.

Id.

Counterfeited,

felony.

Id.

Suit in six months*

Id.

One justice.

Id.

Power of appeal. Id.

Witnesses refuting.

Id.

Penalties mitigated.

Hats.

Stamped paper tickets are to be affixed to the lining of the crown of the hats.

Any person felling a hat, liable to the duties, without a proper stamp, shall forfeit 10I.

Any person fraudulently tearing off, or affixing a stamp already used, shall forfeit 20I.

Any person counterfeiting the stamp, to defraud his majesty, shall suffer death as a felon.

Penalties, sued for in iix months, shall be divided, half to the king, and half, with full costs of suit, to those who shall inform and sue for the same.

Any neighbouring justice may determine offences, where the penalties do not exceed 20I.

Persons aggrieved by such determination, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions.

Persons summoned as witnesses, but neglecting to appear, without a reasonable excuse, shall forfeit 40s.

The justice may. mitigate* penalties to one moiety, over and above all costs and charges.

9 & xo W. e. 2-7

Hawker's duty.

3 & 4 An. e. 4.

Penalty for being unli-censed.

9 G?. 10 W. c. 27.

Constable re-fufirrg aid, to pay 40s.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

V '

THERE shall be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, within the kingdom of England (except as herein-after excepted), carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, a duty of 4I. for each year.

And if any such person be found trading as aforesaid, without, or contrary to such licence; or if, on demand made by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other peace officer of any town corporate or borough, where he shall so trade, he shall not have his licence ready to be produced 5 he shall forfeit 12I. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish wherein the offender shall be discovered; and, for non-payment thereof, shall suffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the house of correction.

And if any constable or other officer aforesaid, shall refuseor negleift, upon due notice, or on his own view, to be aiding in the execution hereof, being thereunto required, and be thereof convicted, on oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence shall be committed, he shall forfeit 40s. by distress and sale, by warrant of such justice, half to the poor, and half to the prosecutor. And any person may seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person, till he produce his licence, if he have any, or if he be found trading without a licence, for l'uqh reasonable time as he may

give

b1

Hawkers and Pedlars.

give notice to the constable, churchwarden, overseer, or some ocher parish officer, who shall carry such person, so seized, before a justice; who shall, either on confession, or proof by witness upon oath, convidl the offender, and by his warrant cause the sum of 12I. to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, wares, or merchandizes.

From Aug. I, 1785, every hawker and pedlar travelling on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in Englander Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall pay an additional duty of4l. for each year.

Every hawker and pedlar travelling with a horse, afs, or mule, or other beast bearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the further additional sum of 81. yearly for each beast, over and mentioned, and all other duties.

Every hawker and pedlar selling goods, after June 24, 1786, by any mode of sale whereby the best bidder shall be deemed the purchaser, shall forfeit 50I. for every offence.

The duties made payable by and 10 W. c. 27, and all duties payable by this act, shall be paid on taking out the licence, without any discount, to the of for licensing hawkers and pedlars, or some person or persons authorized by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and seals.

The licence must be subscribed by two such of.

The penalty for travelling without such licence, is iol.

Every hawker and pedlar refusing to produce his licence to a justice of peace, or any person authorized to demand it by the of aforesaid, forfeits iol. Travelling with a forged licence, subjects the offender to a penalty of iol. And lending, or letting a licence to hire, to iol. and the forfeiture of the licence.

Any person whatever may detain any hawker, &c. trading without licence, or refusing to produce it in a reasonable time, in order to give notice to a peace officer to carry such person, so detained, before some of his majesty's justices of the peace, which said justice is hereby authorized and ftridfly required, on confession, or due proof by witness upon oath (which he is hereby empowered to administer), to cause the sum of iol. to be forthwith levied by distress, or sale of the goods, wares, or merchandize of the offender, rendering the overplus, if any be.

Every constable refusing to assist in the execution of this adfc, forfeits iol. for every offence.

Every hawker opening a room or shop, or exposing to sale any goods. &c. by retail, within two miles of a market town, to be measured to the middle of the most central market place, he not being a housholder there, forfeits iol. except it be on a market or fair day.

If any hawker. Sec. shall vend his goods in any county, city, or town, by virtue of his licence, after the justices, at the general

175

I

Penalty on offenders.

25 G. 3. e. 78. Additional duty.

Id.

Further duty.

Id,

Selling by auction.

Id.

Duties, to whom payable.

Licence, subscribed.

Penalty on offenders.

Refusing to produce li. cence, See. Forged licence. Letting or lending it.

Id.

Any one may detain.

One justice.

25 G. 3. e. 9. Constable refusing.

Not in or near a town.

Id.

Not after justice's order.

*5 G. 3. c. 78. Hawker'* privilege.

Wholesale trader not hawker.

Persons not included.

Id.

Penalties, how recovered and applied.

176 Hawkers and Pedlars. '

neral quarter-sessions, have made an order to the contrary, he shall forfeit 10I.; such order to be made at the sessions next after Michaelmas, and not to be in force till nine months after notice given in the newspapers.

Hawkers, &c. who were licensed on June 23, 1785, may set up any business in the place where they are resident inhabitants, though they shall not have been brought up to such business as apprentices for seven years; and they may employ persons who have not been apprentices, notwithstanding the ad 5 Eliz. ; nor shall they be removable to their lad legal place of settlement, till they are actually chargeable.

No wholesale trader in British goods shall be deemed an hawker.

Persons not included in this act are, fellers of printed papers, licensed by authority; of fish, fruit, and victuals: makers of any British goods, their children, agents, apprentices, or servants, felling their own manufactures in any market, fair, city, or town; tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, and harness-makers.

Penalties above 20I. to be recovered, with costs of suit, at Wedminster ; half to the king, and half to the informer. All under 20I. before one judice, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; half to the king, and half to the informer : And, in case of non-payment, to be levied by distress and sale; and, for want of didrefs, the offender shall be sent to the county prison for uot more than six months, nor less than one month, as the judice shall think fit.

Any witness neglecting to appear, without reasonable ex-cufe, or refusing, on appearance, to be examined, forfeits 10I.

Persons aggrieved may, on giving proper security, appeal to the next general quarter-sessions; the cods to be paid by the appellant, if the judgment of the judice is affirmed.

The 25 G. 3. c 78, from Aug. 1, 1789, is repealed, so far as relates to the duties, and so far as is not re-enacted by this act.

The act of 9 iff 10 W. 3. c. 27. shall be revived from the said day; so far as the same is not hereby altered or explained.

From Aug. 1, 1789, the following yearly duties are to be

paid, viz.

Every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other trading person and persons, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall pay a duty of 4I. for each year.

Additional duty. Every person so travelling with a horse, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the sum of 4I. yearly, for each bead he or die shall so travel with, over and above the said fird-mentioned duty of 4I.

It

Witness not appearing.

Id.

ag G. 3. r. 26. Paitial repeal of former acts. Repealed in part, by 29 G. 3. c. 26.

Duties by this act.

ed b<,

NEWYi

fc

c

b

c-

)3

0

i'

t;

It!

I!

6

I1

6'

I!

Hawkers and Pedlars.

177

It shall not be lawful for any hawker, pedlar, or other trad- 29 3* c

ng person, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot or with horse or horses. Not to fell by either by opening a room or Ihop, and exposing to sale any auction. goods by retail, in-any town, parish, or place (such person not being a housholder there, or the same not being the usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on business), to fell by himself or herself, or by any auctioneer (whether licensed or not), broker, appraiser, or other person, on his or her behalf, any goods or wares, by knocking dowu of hammer, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the highest bidder shall be deemed the purchaser; and every person and persons so felling, contrary to such prohibition, shall forfeit and pay, for every offence, the sum of 50I.

'Every hawker, pedlar, &c. shall, at the time of receiving what to b« his or her licence, without any discount, pay all duties im- done to obtain posed upon him or her respectively, to the of for hcence. the time being forlicenling hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or some person authorized or deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands and seals; and, upon payment thereof, and not otherwise, a licence shall be granted to them, subscribed by the said of, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trade, according to the true intent and meaning of this and the act made in the reign of King William the Third, and according to the duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such licence.

Before any person or persons shall be intitled to receive any licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall produce to the commissioner or of, or their deputy or deputies, appointed for licensing hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other trading persons as aforesaid, a certificate, signed by some one clergyman officiating within Certificate from the parish, chapelry, or place, wherein such person so apply- minister, &c. ing for such licence has his usual residence, and also by two reputable inhabitants of the said parish, chapelry, or place, attesting that the person so applying is of good character and reputation, and is a fit person to be licensed to exercise the trade of a hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman.

The certificate so to be produced, shall be in the form or to the effect following:

JVe, A. B. the Minister, andC. D. and E. F. being two Form of certi-houfiolders residing at in the parish ^cacc#

[chapelry?,or otherwise, as the case may be] of in the county of do hereby certify, that G. H. hath

been known to us for the space of years last pasty

and during all that time hath usually resided in the said parish [chapelry, or otherwise, as the case may be] of and is a person of good charatter and reputation, and is a fit per-

A a son

17 8 Hawkers and Pedlars.

Jon to be licensed to exercise the trade of a hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman* Dated the day of

A. B. Minister.

Housholderst

29 (7. 3. r. 26. Inscription,

Penalty, I/un-

liceafcj.

Refusing to pro duce a licence.

‘by

Ori,

Every person who shall trade with, or under colour of, such licence, shall cause to be written, painted, or printed, in large legible Roman capitals, upon the most conspicuous part of every pack, box, bag, trunk, case, cart, or waggon, or other vehicle of conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her goods, wares, and merchandizes, and of every room and (hop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every hand-bill or advertisement, which he or she shall give out, distribute, or publish, the words Licensed Hawker, together with the number, name, or other mark or marks of distinction, so written or printed upon his or her licence ; and every such person, in any respect, making default therein, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of iol.

If any person to whom such licence shall not have been so granted, shall write, paint, or print, or cause to be written, painted, or printed, upon any pack, cart, waggon, or other vehicle or conveyance, for any goods, or in any room or (hop in which he or she shall fell any goods, wares, or merchandizes, the words Licensed Hawker, or Licensed Pedlar, or any other word or words to that effect; every person so offending shall forfeit, for each offence, the sum of iol.

Smuggled goods. If any hawker, pedlar, &c. shall be convicted of dealing in,

or felling any kind of smuggled, contraband, or prohibited goods, fraudulently or dishonestly procured, either by them-(elves, or through the medium of others with their privity and knowledge, every such trading person shall, from and after such conviction, forfeit his or her licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new licence; and that, over and above all such forfeitures, to which he or she shall be by law liable for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

If any such hawker, pedlar, &c. shall trade as aforesaid, without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall be allowed by, such licence, such person shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of iol. ; and if any person trading under any licence, upon demand made by any person authorized or appointed to demand such licence, by the of for licensing hawkers, pedlars. See. for the time being, or any two of them, under their hands and seals, and, upon producing or shewing such authority, or upon demand made by any juliice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace, where he or she shall so trade, or by any officer of the customs or excise, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or

her

"EwroRjfla

r

Hawkers and Pedlars.

179

her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce unto such person authorized or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such justice of the peace. See. the person so refusing, or not having his or her licence ready to produce, shall forfeit 10I.5 and, for non-payment thereof, shall suffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the house of correction.

If any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counter- *9 G 3* feit any licence or licences, by this act directed to be granted, *e°nr*e#ng a or travel with, or produce any such forged or counterfeit licence, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of iool.

In case any person shall let out to hire or lend any licence, tending or hirer shall trade with, or under colour of, any licence in which ing out ali-his or her own real name shall not be inserted, the person let- cence. ting out to hire or lending any such licence, and the person so trading with any licence granted to any other person, shall each of them forfeit the sum of 40I.; and, in case any person shall be convicted, or have judgment against him for lending his or her licence to any other person or persons, contrary to this act, such licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable*of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

Any person or persons may seize and detain any such haw- person 0fFend-ker, pedlar, &c. who shall be found trading without a licence, ing, how dealt and who, being found trading, shall refuse or neglect to pro- with, duce to such person or persons a licence according to this act, after being required so to do, for a reasonable time, in order to give notice to a constable, or other peace-officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry such persons so seized, unless they shall, in the mean time, produce their respective licences, before someone of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence shall be committed; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and strictly required to examine into the fast; and, upon due proof, either by confession of the party offending, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which the said justice is hereby impowered to administer), that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no such licence being produced by such offender before the said justice, toconvict the offender of trading without a licence ; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said sum of 40I. to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures aforesaid ; and, in the mean time, to commit such offender to the common gaol

A a z or

i8o

29 G. 3. e* 26. Conit able to aid and assist.

Penalty on refilling.

Not to fell in or near city, town, See.

except in public market, See.

Penalty on offenders.

*9 G 3. r. 26. Privilege to certain hawkers.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall beotherwise paid orfatisfied by such offender.

If any constable, or other officer of the peace, shall refuse or neglect, upon due notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this or the former act of 9 & 10 IV. 3. being thereunto required, every such officer, being thereof convicted, upon his confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of 10I.

No hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, Sec. going from town to town, or to other men's houses, or opening a room or (hop, and exposing to sale any goods, wares, or merchandizes, by retail, in any town, parish, or place, such person not being a hotffholder there, or the same not being an usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on business, shall fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares, &c. in any city or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the distance of two miles from the middle of the most central market place of such city or market town, by the most usual or common roads, on pain of forfeiting and paying, for every such offence, the sum of iol.

But nothing contained shall extend to hinder any person or persons from felling, or exposing to sale, any sort of goods or merchandizes in any public mart, market, or fair, but such person may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this act.

If any hawker, pedlar. See. shall vend any goods in any such city, town, or place, contrary to any of the provisions in this act contained, such hawker, pedlar. Sec. shall be liable to the like penalties as are by this act inflicted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading persons travelling without licence.

Any person or persons who, on the first day of May 1789, was or were duly licensed to trade as hawkers and pedlars, may exercise any craft, mystery, or occupation, used or occupied within this realm, in any place where they shall be re-fident inhabitants, although they shall not have been brought up in such craft seven years as apprentices, and also may set any person on work in such craft, &c. although such person shall not have been apprentice therein as aforesaid ; any penalty contained in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Queen" Elizabeth, intituled, An act containing divers orders for artificers, labourers> servants in hv/}>andry> and apprentices, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if prosecuted and found guilty, shall be intitled to double costs; no such persons, their

wives

NEWYO:.

Go

Hawkers and Pedlars.

wives or children, during the time they shall use and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or place, shall be removeable to their Jail legal place of settlement, until they shall become actually chargeable.

No person being a wholesale trader in goods, wares, or manufactures of Great-Britain, and felling the same by wholesale, shall be deemed a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other act relative to hawkers ; all persons felling by wholesale only, shall go from house to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers, who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being subjector liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in this or in any of the said acts, touching hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen.

Nothing in this act shall extend to prohibit any person or persons from felling any printed papers, licensed by authority, or any fish, fruit, or victuals; nor to hinder the real worker or maker of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Great-Britain, or his, her, or their children, apprentices, or known agents or servants, usually residing with such real workers or makers only, from carrying abroad and selling by retail, or othertfife, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town ; nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness-mend-ers,or other persons usually trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper materials for mending the same.

All pecuniary penalties which shall be incurred under this act, of greater sum than 20I.' shall be recovered, together with costs of suit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt- or information ; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

Where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum of 20L it shall be recoverable before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, where the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence either by voluntary confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses ; and one moiety of every such last-mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same ; and, in case of non-payment, the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, shall cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, and the overplus, after deducting the penalty and the expence of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner ; and shall al-fb commit the offender to the prison of such county, &c. there

to

181

Wholesale trad, ers not hawk&rs*

T/icensed printed papers, &c. not included.

Penalties, how recorered and applied.

29 G. 3. c. 26. Under 20I. one justice.

1 82

Hawkers and Pedlars.

*9 G. 3* e. 2ff

Time of im-

f rifonment.

to remain until the said penalties and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such offender ; and it shall be lawful for any such justice of the peace, by his warrant, to cause such offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to any charge or complaint for any such penalty, and to commit such offender to prison as aforesaid, until the hearing of such charge or complaint, unless he or she shall and do enter into a recognizance before such justice, with two sufficient sureties, in a sufficient sum, to be ordered by such justice, to appear at the hearing of such charge or complaint.

No person committed to any gaol or house of correction, for any offence committed against this act, shall be detained in such gaol or house of correction, for any longer space of time than three months.

If any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, then he, she, or they, upon entering into a recognizance with

Power of aroeal. two ^u^cient sureties, to be approved by such justice, to p the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with a sum, which, in the judgment of fuchjuftige, shall be adequate to the amount of the costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of such penalties, forfeitures, and costs as shall be adjudged, in case such judgment shall be af-affirmed, shall or may appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter-sessions for the county, &c« who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon, and finally to hear and determine the same, or, at their discretion, to state the fads specially for the determination of his Majesty's court of king's bench thereon ; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices, or the court of king's bench, to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

A convidionin the form, or to the effect following, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the evidence, and without alledging more than the substance of the offence, in all cases wherein any justice of the peace hath power to convict by virtue of the present act;

Form of eon-Yi&ion*

Be it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord at

in the county of A. B. came before me, C. D. Esquire,

one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offence herein-after mentioned was committed, and informed me that E. F. of in the said

county of [here set forth the fad for which the

information is laid] ; whereupon the said E. F. being duly Jum-moned to answer the J'aid charge, appeared before me [and ackqonv.

ledg ed

b1

Hawkers and Pedlars.

183

knowledged and voluntarily confejfed the fa£ls< therein stated to he 3. c. 26. true % but in his (or her) defence alledged [here setting forth the substance of the defence] 5 or voluntarily confejfed the said charge to be true; or did not make any defence against the said charge ; whereupon the same was fully proved on the oath of G, H, a credible witness ; or said that he (or Jhe) was not guilty of the said , offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the oath of G, H. a credible witness [or as the cale shall be], or did not appear be~ fore me pursuant to the saidjummons, but the said charge was fully proved on the oath ofG,H. a credible witness [or as the case may be] ; and therefore it manifestly appearing to me that the said E. F is guilty of the offence charged in the said information, I do hereby convict him (or her) of the said offence, and do adjudge that he (or Jhe) bath forfeited the sum of

(or his (or her) licence, and the sum of )of lawful money of Great-Britain, to be distributed as the law di~ reS2st according to the form of the statute in such case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal the day of

No conviction upon this act shall be removed or remove- ... able, by writ of certiorari or otherwise, into his Majesty's *Jveable/10* court of king's bench, or any other court, save upon an appeal, as by this act is directed.

Every justice, before whom any person hath already been Justice account-convicted of any offence, by virtue of any of the acts hereby a.ble foT Pcn*1* repealed, and having received for his Majesty's use any part ortlcs recovcre share of any penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, under such conviction, for which he has not already accounted, shall, within six months after the passing of this act, transmit to the of for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, a schedule or schedules, containing the names of the persons so convicted, the day on which they were convicted, their ref-spective offences, and the respective sums now remaining in the hands of such justice for his Majesty's use ; and every justice, before whom any such person shall be convicted of any offence under this act, shall take and receive his Majesty's share of the penalty levied or paid by virtue of such conviction ; and every such justice, his executors or administrators, shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such sums of money as shall be remaining in his or their hands at the time of the passing of this act, at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace after the passing of this act, and all such sums which he shall so take or receive upon any conviction by virtue of this act, at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace after he shall have so taken or received the same, into the hands of the clerk of the peace, or other such like officer, for the county, &c. within which such conviction shall have been made, who is hereby directed to remit the same forthwith, without fee or reward, to the said of for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, 'or to such person or persons as the greater

part

A

Hawkers aMedlars.

*9 G. 3. e. 26. Powers of former acts.

Pepalty on witnesses refuting to appear*

Duties, where paid.

Plaintiff non-fuiced, treble cust».

part of them shall appoint; and every such justice, his executors or ad mini lira tors, shall, immediately on such payment made to any clerk of the peace, or other such officer, transmit a like schedule to the said of, or to such person or persons as they, or the greater part of them, shall appoint.

All and every the powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, and all things whatsoever, which in and by the act of King William III. aforesaid, or by any other law now in force concerning the duties by that act granted, are provided, settled, or established (other than so far as the same are incon-fiilent with, or contradictory to any thing in this act contained, and other than in such cases for which different provisions are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised and applied in ma-naging, railing, collecting, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said powers, authorities, &c. were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act. 4

If any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, or to the herein-before mentioned act, made in the reign of King William III. and shall neglect or reftffe to appear, without a reasonable excuse, to be allowed of by such justice or justices, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, and give evidence before such justice or justices, every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of iol. to be recovered as the other penalties.

The several duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the cashier, for the time being, of the duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges being de-dufted) into the receipt of the Exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are directed to be paid.

If any person or persons shall be sued for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence fQr his or their defence ; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or judgment shall be recovered against him or them, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action, or be nonprossed therein, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Hawks and Hawking. See Game.

ill

Hedge-breaking. See Wood.

Hemp.

Hemp. 185

IT shall not be lawful for any person to water any hemp or 17*

flax, in any river, running water, dream, brook, or other °"em[>

common pond, where beads use to be watered, on pain that ^iJers, &cl? every person offending shall forfeit 20s. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, or any other who shall sue in any court of record, leet. Sec.

Every grower of hemp or flax, who shall be entitled to the 21 (7. 3. e. 5*. bounty of 3d. per done for hemp, and q.d. for flax, shall flgn Bounty, how and exhibit his claim to one of the justices of the peace for the claimed, county, mentioning, in such claim, of what crop the same is, and the farm or ground on which the hemp or flax grew; which claim shall be likewise atteded by two of the parish officers ; and which claim, so atteded, the said justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit to the justices for the county, riding, or place, at their next general quarter-sessions.

The justices, at their Michaelmas sessions, are to advertise the bounties granted by this act, with the conditions necessary tof be complied with before the same can be received. And, at their Midsummer quarter-sessions in each year, to make up a state of the claims which have been finally settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the of for trade and plantations. And the receivers of the land-tax shall whom,

pay, on order of the quarter-sessions, the sums appropriated for each county. The justices shall transmit to the commissioners for trade. Sec. a date of the claims made, and their proceedings thereupon. This act was made to continue only Expired in 178/. five years from the fird day of Augud, 1782, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Herring Fishery.

IF any person shall damnify or destroy, without consent of 28 G. 2. c. 14.

the society of the free British fishery, any of the nets, fails, Destroying nets, cordage, dores, or other materials belonging to the said so- &c* ciety, he shall, on conviction on the oath of two witnesses before onejudice, forfeit to the society treble value, by didrefs; and, for want of sufficient didrefs, diall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made. Prosecution to be Within six calendar months.

Km -v ( 1 4 4 , 9

Hides and Skins. See Leather.

High-Treason. See Treason.

B b Highways

n

I

i

t

I

I

i8 6

?5 O. 3. 78!

Sessions, when to be holden.

Notice to be given.

Highways in general.

Of the special Sessions to be held for the Highways.

THE justices shall hold a special sessions for the highways, in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-sessions yearly. And any two justices, within their respective limits, may, whenever they shall judge proper, hold a special sessions, and adjourn the same as they shall think fit; causing notice to be given of the time and place of holding such special sessions, and of the adjournments thereof, to the several justices acting and residing within such limits, by the high co»-stable or other proper officer.

Id.

Ten day$ notice of time and place.

Id.

Day precisely fixed.

Ten persons to be named,

or as many as are resident.

Id.

Constable's

duty.

Appointment of Surveyors.

THE justices shall hold such Michaelmas special sessions as aforesaid, at such convenient place, within their respective limits, as they in their discretion shall judge proper; and shall give notice of the time and place to the constables of the ref-pedlive parishes, townships, or places, at lead ten days before the holding of the said sessions.

On September 22, yearly, unless that day be Sunday, and then on the day following, the constables, churchwardens, surveyors of the highways, and houftiolders afleffied to any parochial or public rate, shall assemble at the church or chapel, or if there be no church or chapel, then at the usual place of public meetings, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon ; and the major part of them, so assembled, shall make a list of the names of at least ten persons living within such district, each of whom hath an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within such district, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of the value of 10I. by the year, or a personal estate of the value of iool. oroccupieth a tenement of the yearly value of 30I. And if there shall not be ten persons so qualified, they shall insert in such lift the names of so many as are so qualified, together with the names of so many of the most sufficient and able inhabitants, not so qualified, as shall make up the number ten, if so many can be found ; if not, so many as shall be there resident, to serve the office of surveyor of the highways.

And the constable shall, within three days after such meeting, transmit a duplicate of such lift to one of the justices living near to such parish or place. And (halt also, within three days after making the said lift, give personal notice to, or cause notice in writing to be left at the place of abode of, the several persons contained in such lift, informing them of their being (o named; to the intent that they may severally appear before the justices at the said special sessions, to accept such office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew cause, if they have

Highways in general.

any, against their being so appointed. And shall also return and deliver the original lift to the justices, at their said special sessions, to be holden in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-sessions. *

And the justices then and there, from the said lifts, according to their discretion, and the largeness of the parish, town-ship, orjilace, shall, by warrant under their hands and seals, appoint one, two, or more of such persons as aforesaid, if he or they shall, in the opinion of such justices, be qualified for the office; if not, one, two, or more of the other substantial inhabitants, or occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or other hereditaments, within such parish, township, or place, living within three miles thereof, and within the same county, fit and proper to serve the office, if any such can be found. — Which appointment shall, by the constable, be notified to every person so appointed, within three days after such appointment, oy serving him with the said warrant, or by leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his house or usual place of abode. And the said justices shall then and there give such of the said surveyors as shall personally appear before them, a charge, for the better performance of their duty.

If any of the persons so appointed, whose names were contained in the lift, and who were served with the said notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the said special sessions and accept the-said office, if appointed thereto in manner aforesaid ; or shall not, within six days after being served with such warrant of appointment, signify his acceptance thereof, either in person or by writing, to one of the said justices; he shall forfeit 5I. And if any person so appointed, whose name was not contained in the lift, shall refuse or neglect to accept the said office ; or shall not, within six days after being served with the appointment, shew, to one of the justices signing such appointment, sufficient cause why ke should not lerve such office, he shall forfeit 50s.

But if no such lift shall be made and returned; or if the justices shall make an appointment, and the person appointed shall refuse to serve; the said justices, or any two or them, shall, at the said special sessions, or at some subsequent sessions to be holden within one month after, nominate and appoint some other person whom they shall judge proper, and appoint him a salary out of the said forfeitures and all other forfeitures, fines, penalties, assessments, and compositions, within such district, as they shall think fit, not exceeding one eighth part of what shall have been raised by an assessment of 6d. in the pound for the use of the highways in such district, where any such assessment hath been raised ; and observing the same restriction as near as they can, from the belt information they shall be able to get, out of the probable amount of such assess-menc, where none hath been already made; and the justices may, if they think fit, require the constable and surveyor, or

Bb 2 any

187

13 G. 3. r. 7!#

One or two fur-veyori

with a charge/

Id.

Penalty on refuting to ad.

Id.

Person with a salary, how paid.

i88

i % G. 3.e. 78* Penalty on neglect of making the lift.

Tn cities and boroughs*

Id.

Surveyor's affistine.

Not compellable for more than a year*

Id.

Surveyor, wiih fa!ary, to give bond*

Id.

Abstract of the act.

*3 G. 3- c. 78.

Highways in general.

I

any of them, to return to the said justices, at such time and place as they shall appoint, an account in writing of such sum which such assessment of 6d in the pound hath raised, or will, in their opinion, raise within such parish or place.

And if the constables, churchwardens, surveyors, and such houlholders as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to make such lift; or if the constable shall not return such lift when made, and such duplicate thereof as aforesaid ; nor give such notice or notices, and serve such warrant, as in this adfc is directed; or if such constable or surveyor shall neglect to return such account of the amount of such assessment as aforesaid, when required, they shall forfeit 40s. Provided, that in cities, boroughs, and towns corporate, the justices shall not allow any salary, other than such as shall be agreed on by two parts out of three of the persons assembled in the respective parish, town-ship, or place, within such city, borough, or town corpo-rate.

And in all cases where t'he justices, upon neglect or refusal of the person so appointed surveyor to accept the said office, shall appoint any other with a salary; they shall appoint one substantial inhabitant of such parish, township, or place, for assistant to such surveyor, until the next annual appointment of surveyors: And if the person so appointed shall, on notice of such appointment, refuse to accept the office, he shall forfeit 50s. And if any second appointed assistant shall refuse to accept that office, he shall, in like manner, forfeit 50s. And, in such case, they may appoint a third person, in like manner, to be assistant to such surveyor; who shall be intitled to these last mentioned forfeitures, and also to such further allowance, by way of salary, as the said justices shall think proper ; to be paid as the surveyor's salary is hereby directed to be ! paid. Provided, that no person, so appointed assistant for one year, shall be liable to be appointed assistant again for the same parish, township, or place, within three years next following such appointment, without his consent.

And the surveyor of any parish, town ship, or place, who shall not reside therein, but shall be appointed with such salary as aforesaid, shall (if required) give bond, upon paper without stamp (for which the justice's clerks shall have 6d. and no more), to account for the money that shall come to his hands as surveyor.

The justices shall, at every special sessions to be held in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, cause to be delivered a printed abstract of the moll material parts of this act, to every surveyor to be then appointed by them, as the charge hereby directed to be given. And the surveyors shall pay to the justice's clerks, for the appointment and charge, the sum of one shilling.

If two parts out of three, of those so to be assembled for the nomination of surveyors, shall agree in the choice of any particular

NEW YQ

1

Highways in general.

189

ticular person of (kill and experience to serve the office of fur- Surveyor, with

veyor, and in settling a certain salary for his trouble therein, Salary, initcadof

and shall return the name of such person,* together with the par; urvey°r*

lift, to the justices at their said sessions, to be holden in the

week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions; the said

justices may, if they think proper, appoint such person to be

surveyor for such parish, township, or place, and allow him the.

salary mentioned in such agreement; which shall be raised and

paid in the same manner as the salary herein-before mentioned

is directed to be raised and paid.

If a surveyor shall die, or become incapable of executing his id. office, before the next special sessions for appointing surveyors. Surveyor dying, two justices, at a special sessions, may appoint another whom &c* they shall think proper, until the next special sessions for appointing surveyors as aforesaid. And if such deceased surveyor had a salary, they may allow the same salary to his successor, in proportion to the time he shall serve the said office.

The surveyor shall, from time to time, give information Jd upon oath to the justices, or two of them, of all such highways. Bridges, cause-and of all bridges, causeways, &c. as are out of repair, and ways, &c. to be ought to be repaired by any person or persons, bodies politic reported to th® or corporate, by reason of any grants, &c. and the said justices Justices-shall limit a time for repairing the same : And if such repairs shall not be effectually made within the time so limited, the said justices shall present such highways, bridges, causeways, ^ ^

or pavements, together with the person or persons liable to repair the same, at the next general quarter-sessions for the place where such highway shall lie : And the justices there, if they fee cause, may direct the prosecution to be carried on at the general expence of such county, city, precind, or liberty, and to be paid out of the general rates within such jurisdiction.

And where any lands have been or shall be given for the id. maintenance of causeways, pavements, highways, and bridges; Trustees may the persons enfeoffed or trusted therewith shall let them to le^ lands for farm at the most improved yearly value, without fine. And brl ges> the justices, in their open sessions, shall esquire, by such ways and means as they shall think fitting, into the value of such lands; and order the improvement and employment of the justices enquiry rents and profits thereof according to the direction of the into trustees donor, if they find that the persons so entrusted have been conduct, negligent or faulty in the performance of their trust. Except such lands as have been given, lor the uses aforesaid, to any college or hall in either of the universities of this kingdom. Exception of which have visitors of their own. universities.

Proportion


' V

19°

Highways in general.

&c.

Proportion of Labour.

t % G. 3. C.78. Every person keeping a waggon, cart, or wain, and three

Duty of persons or more draught horses, shall be liable to perform statute duty keeping team, with the same, in the parish or place where he resides, six days in every year (if so many days shall be found necessary), between Michaelmas and Michaelmas, at such times, and in such places as shall be appointed by the surveyors; and also two able men with such carriage; and these six days duty shall be deemed his duty for 50I. a year, and for every other, 50I. pei4 annum, which he shall occupy in the same parish, or in any other parish, he shall fend his team with not less than three horses, and two able men with the same, for six days.

If he shall occupy 50I. per annum, and shall not keep a team, he shall find and fend one.

Every person not keeping a team, but occupying under 50I. Payment of 6d. shall pay id. for every day's statute labour for every 20s. in the pound. per annum> \n the parish where he resides.

Duty of person Every person keeping a team, and occupying under 50I. in,

occupying in any other parish than that wherein he resides, shall also pay id.

another parish. jn ]jeu of every day's statute labour for every 20s. per annum,

and also id. for every 20s. above 50I. and less than 100I.

and so for every progressive 20s. so occupied, which shall fall

short of the further increase of 50I. to be paid to the surveyor

of the parish or place where such lands, &c. lie.

Team with one No personkeeping a team, and occupying under 30I. a year,

labourer, if un- shall obliged to fend more than one labourer with such 'der 30I. team>

Cafe where the Every person who shall keep a cart with one or two horses, survivorhas an shall perform his duty with such cart and horse or horses, and one labourer; or shall pay for the lands, &c. which he occupies, at the option of the surveyor.

Every person keeping a chaise or other wheel carriage, but not a team, nor occupying 50I. a year in the parish wherein he resides, shall pay is. per day for every day's statute duty for every horse, which he shall use in such carriage, or shall pay according to the value of the lands which he occupies, at the option of the surveyor.

Duty of those who have no team.

option.

Persons keeping carriages.

Composition of Labour.

13G. 3. r.78. ANY person liable to perform the duty by fending a team. Terms of com- draught, or plough, with men, horses, or oxen, in manner poition. aforesaid, may compound for the same, if he thinks fit, by

paying to the surveyor such sum as the justices, at their Michaelmas special sessions in every year, shall adjudge to be reasonable, not exceeding 6s. nor less than 3s. for each team,

draught.

J

Highways in general.

191

I

draught, or plough, for each day; and, in default of their adjudging the same, then the sums of 4s. 6d. for every cart, and one horse or beast of draught, 2s. — for every cart with two horses or beasts of draught, 3s. — for and in lieu of each day's duty. And every inhabitant liable to perform such duty or labour, and not chargeable in any other respect, may compound for4d. each day.

Provided, that if it shall appear to the justices, at their spe- *3 ciassessions to be held in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, that in any place there will be a difficulty in procuring the necessary carriage, or a sufficient number of labourers, without paying high and extravagant prices for the same ; the said justices may order the team duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind, except In wj,at cafcs, in respect of such teams as belong to persons who do not oc- duty in kind-cupy 30I. a year; they also may order the labourers, or such part of them as they shall think fit, to perform the labour in kind, on being paid for such labour the usual wages given to labourers in such parish, township, or place, deducting thereout the sum of 4d. for each day, being the composition hereby allowed for labourers.

Provided, that if part of such teams or labourers only are re- Id. quired, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices in some given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth part thereof ; and the surveyor shall, in that case, at a public vestry, put When all are the names of all the persons liable to fend such teams into one not wanted, hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform such labour into another hat or box ; and some inhabitant, then present, shall draw out such number from each, as shall be equal to the proportion so ordered by the justices; and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year.

Which order of the said justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual to all intents and purposes.

And if any person shall keep a team, draught, or plough, jj. and shall not occupy 30I. a year in the parish, township, or Power of miti. place where he shall reside, but shall in part maintain his horses in iPc~

and beasts of draught used in such team, upon or from lands cul CAfc*« which he shall occupy in one or more parish or parishes; it shall be lawful for the justices, at some special sessions, to mitigate and reduce the duty or composition in such manner as they shall think reasonable.

a

Working.

EVERY man inhabiting in any parish, township, or place, j- g. c. -78 , and being at the age of 60 years, not chargeable in any other Who compel matter respecting the highways, for 4I. a year, or upwards, ,ab!c*

and

192 Highways in general.

3. c*

Psrvafry for default.

Application of penalty*

Jtf.

V/hat roads first asended.

and not being, bona fide> an apprentice or menial servant, 'nor having performed the statute duty or paid composition for the same in any other parish, township, or place, for that year, shall, by himself or one sufficient labourer, work six days, for eight hours in every of the said days, as he shall be directed by the surveyor. And every person making default in perform-ingfuch labour, at the time and place, and in the manner directed by this act, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of is. 6d. (/. e. 9s. for six days neglect of personal labour, or not paying the composition) ; and for not fending a full team with two men, 20s. per day. A cart with one horse and one man, 3s. per day.

All which forfeitures shall be applied for the use of the highways within the parish, township, or place where the same shall arise. And the surveyor shall, with all convenient speed, proceed for the recovery thereof, that the same may be recovered before he makes up his accounts.

The justices, at a special sessions, may, by writing under their hands and seals, order those highways (not being turnpike), which, in their opinion, do most want repair, to be first amended, and at what time, and in what manner; according to which order (if such there be), the surveyors shall proceed within their respective limits. If the justices make no such order, then the surveyors shall have the like power of direction*

*1

1

2

I

9

i

i

I

1

2

4

4

i

I

N

Jd*

Where to be fought*

Where not.

Stones ftom lands,

Materials, how to be procured.

IT shall be lawful for such surveyor, for the use aforesaid, in any waste land, or common ground, river, or brook, within his diitri&, or within any other parish, township, or place, wherein gravel, sand, chalk, (lone, or other materials, are likely to be found (in case sufficient cannot be conveniently had within the parish, township, or place, where they are to be employed, and in case sufficient shall be left for the use of the roads in such other parish, township, or place), to search for, dig, get, and carry away the same; so as he do not thereby divert or interrupt the course of such river or brook, or prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford ; nor dig or get the same out of any river or brook within the distance of 100 feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like distance of any dam or wear. And likewise to gather (tones lying upon any lands or grounds within the parish, township, or place where such highway shall be, for such service and purpose: And to take and carry away so much of the said materials, as by him shall be thought necessary for the amendment of the said highways, without making any satisfaction for the said materials. But no such stones shall be gathered without

Highways in general.

the consent of the occupier of the lands, or a licence from a justice, after having summoned the occupier, and heard his reasons (if he shall appear and give any) for refuting his consent. The same on turnpike-roads.

And it shall be lawful for the surveyor, for the use aforesaid, to search for, dig, get, and carry away sand, gravel, chalk, done, or other materials, if sufficient cannot conveniently be had within such wade lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, in and through any of the several or inclosed grounds of any person whomsoever, within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be wanted, or, by licence of two justices at a special sessions, within any other parish, township, or place, adjoining or lying near to the highway for which such materials shall be required, if it shall appear to fuchjultices that sufficient materials cannot be conveniently had in the parish, township, or place, where such highways lie, or in the waste lands, or common grounds, rivers, or brooks of such adjacent parish, township, or place, and that a sufficient quantity of materials will be left for the use of the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be (such lands not being a garden, yard, avenue to a house, lawn, park, paddock, or inclosed plantation); the surveyor making such satisfa£Uon for the damage to be done to such lands by the getting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between him and the owner, occupier, or other person interested, in the presence, and with the approbation, of two or more substantial inhabitants; and if they cannot agree, then to be settled by ajustice of the limit where the lands lie.

And if any periori shall dig, or cause to be dug, materials contrary to the directions of this act, whereby any bridge, mill, building, dam, highway, ford, mines, or tin works, may be damaged or endangered ; he shall forfeit, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s. at the discretion of the court or justices before whom complaint shall be made.

Where a sufficient quantity of Hone, gravel, chalk, or other materials, cannot be provided and carried by the labourers and teams within any parish, township, or place 5 the surveyor shall contract for the getting and carrying thereof (in presence of the aflillant, if any such be appointed), at a meeting to be held for that purpose; of which ten days notice in writing shall be given, by fixing the same upon the door of the church or chapel, or, if there be no church or chapel, at the most public place there; which notice shall specify the work to be done* and the time and place for letting thereof. And if the surveyor shall have any share or interest in such contract, or in any other contract for work or materials, or shall, upon his own account, let to hire any team, or sell or dispose of any timber. Hone, or other materials (unless a licence in writing for the sale of such materials, or for letting to hire such team* be tirlt obtained from a justice), he shall forfeit iol. and be for ever after incapable to be employed as a surveyor with a fa-lary.

193

with leave of occupier.

13 G. 3. e. 7S.

Surveyor's

power,

with leave of two justices*

Satisfaction €0 be made.

Id.

No damage to be done.

Id.

Surveyor may contract fof materials*

Fraudulent surveyor punishable.

194

Highways in general.

13 G. 3* t.

Pit or holeun-fcnced,

to be filled up within three days*

Id.

Penalty for nc-gled*

How applied.

If any surveyor, or person employed by him, shall, by reason of the searching for, digging, or getting any gravel, sand, Hones, chalk, clay, or other materials, make any pit or hole in such lands, rivers, or brooks, as aforesaid, wherein such materials shall be found; he shall forthwith cause the same to be sufficiently fenced off, and such fence supported and repaired, during such time as the said pit or hole shall continue open ; and, after having dug up sufficient materials in such pit or hole, heihall, within fourteen days, cause the same to be filled up, floped down, or fenced off, and so continued. And where no materials shall be found, he shall, within three days, cause such hole or pit to be filled up, levelled, and covered with the turf or clod which was dug out of the same.

And if such surveyor or other person shall neglect to fill up, Hope down, or fence off such pit or hole, in manner and within the time aforesaid, he shall forfeit ios. And if he shall neglect to fence off such pit or hole, or to (lope down the same, as herein before directed, for six days after he shall have received notice for either of those purposes from a justice, or from the owner or occupier of such several ground, river, or brook, or any person having right of common within such common or wade lands, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding iol. nor less than 40s.; the same to be applied in the fencing off, filling up, or (loping down such pit or hole, and towards repair of the roads in the parish where the offence was committed, as such justice shall direct.

1

I

a

l\

i

111

a

i

1

i

ij

s

1

n

Id.

Trees, Sec. near the road.

Hedges cut.

Power ofjof-ticcs.

Penalty foi neglect.

Removing Obstructions and Annoyances.

t

NO tree, bush, or shrub, shall be permitted to (land or grow in any highway, within the distance of fifteen feet from the centre thereof, except for ornament or shelter to the house, building, or court yard of the owner thereof.

And if the possessors of the land next adjoining shall not, within ten days after notice given by the surveyor, cut, prune, and plafh such hedges, and cut down or prune and lop such trees; the surveyor may complain to a justice, who shall summon the possessor of the said lands to appear before the justices, at some special sessions, to answer to the said complaint; and if it shall appear to the justices, at such special sessions, that such possessor hath not complied with the requisitions of this act, the said justices, upon hearing the surveyor and the poffefforof such land, or his agent (or, in default of appearance, on having due proof of the service of such summons), may order such hedges to be cut, plalhed, and pruned, and such trees to be cut down or pruned, in such manner as may bed answer the purposes aforesaid. And if the possessor of such land shall not, within ten days, obey such order oft notice thereof, he shall forfeit 2s. for every 24 feet in length of such hedge which shall

til

it

Pi

Highways in general.

*95

shall be neglected to be cut and plashed, and 2s. for every tree 13 C. 3* c, 7S. which shall be neglected to be cut down, or pruned and lopped ; and the surveyor shall cause the same to be done, and the possessor shall pay, over and above the penalties, the charges and expences of doing the same; to be levied by distress, by warrant of one justice.

And where the ditches shall not be sufficient to carry off the . water which shall lie upon and annoy the highways; in such j^tc"es c ean" case, it shall be lawful for the surveyor, by order of one justice, to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands adjoining or lying near to such highways, for the more easy and effectual carryingoff such water from the said highways.

And if any (tone or timber, or any hay, draw, stubble, or other matter, for the making of manure, shall be laid in any highway within 15 feet from the centre thereof; and shall not. Hay, ft-aw, &a within five days after notice given by the surveyor, or some near lhe person aggrieved thereby, be removed ; the owner or possessor of the lands adjacent, or any other person, by order of a justice, may clear the said highway, by removing the stone, timber, hay, draw, dung, or other matter, and have the lame to his own use.

If any person shall encroach by making, or causing to be Jd. made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any highway not Encroachments, being turnpike road, within the distance of 15 feet from the middle or centre thereof; or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any land or ground, or in ploughing or borrowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his plough in or upon any land or ground, within the distance cf 15 feet from the middle or centre of any highway, where the breadth of such highway is formed and marked, or described with certainty, and doth not exceed in breadth 30 feet; he shall forfeit 40s. p to him who shall make information thereof: And the surveyor na y* may cause such hedge, ditch, or fence, to be taken down, or filled up, at the expence of the person to whom the same shall belong: And one justice, on proof to him made upon oath, may levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges, as the said penalty, by distress.

The surveyor shall, at all times, as he shall judge proper. Id. view all the common highways, trunks, tunnels, plats, hedges. Surveyor's view, ditches, banks, bridges, causeways, and pavements ; and if he shall observe any nuisances, encroachments, obstructions, or annoyances, he shall give to any person doing or permitting ^ the same personal notice, or notice in writing to be left at his n usual place of abode, specifying the particulars : And if such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, shall not be removed, and the ditches, drains, gutters, and water-courses aforesaid effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened; and such trunks, tunnels, plats, and bridges made and laid; and such hedges properly cut and pruned, within twenty days after such notice, then the surveyor shall do the same, and the person ne-

C c 2 gledling

Highways in general.

Penalty on not

removing it.

13 G. 3. r. 78. 1)river's negligence.

Name on c*r-, riage.

Penalty.

Offender taken without warrant.

gledling shall forfeit, for every foot in length, one penny, and, a over and above the said forfeiture, the surveyor shall, by such t person, be reimbursed his charges and expences in doing the same ; and if not paid on demand, the surveyor shall apply to a judice, and, on making oath before him of the notice being a given as aforesaid, and of the work being done, and of the ex- a pences attending the same, the surveyor shall be repaid, by 0 such person, all such charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said judice; and if not paid on demand, the same shall be levied as other penalties and forfeitures by this act. i If the driver of any cart, car, dray, or waggon, shall ride upon any such carriage in any street or highway, not having 2 some other person on foot or on horseback to guide the same a (such carriages as are conducted by some person holding the 1

reins of the horse or horses drawing the same excepted); or a

if the driver of any carriage whatsoever, on any part of any ii street or highway, shall by negligence, or wilful misbehvaiour, causeany hurt or damage to any person or carriage passing or being upon such (Ireet or highway; or shall quit the highway, and go on the other side of the hedge or fence inclosing the same; — or wilfully be at such distance from such carriage, 1 whilil it shall be passing upon the highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horses or cattle i drawing the same; — or shall, by negligence or wilful miffie-haviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free passage of any >

other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects, on the said high- 1

ways; — or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make way for any coach, chaise, loaded waggon, or cart, or other loaded carriage ; — or if any person shall drive, or act as the driver, of any such coach, post-chaise, or other carriage, let for hire or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name (as by this act is directed) painted thereon, or shall refuse to discover the true christian and surname of the owner of such respective carriage; he shall, on conviction by confession, view of the judice, or oath of one witness, before one judice, forfeit any sum not exceeding 10s. in case such driver be not the owner of such carriage; and, if he be the owner, then any sum not exceeding 20s. and, in default of payment, be committed to the house of correction for any time not ex- i i ceeding one month, unless the same be sooner paid. And every such driver offending in either of the said cases, may, by i authority of this act, with or without any warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, u and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a condable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before a judice, to be dealt with according to law. And if any driver, in any the cases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his name, the judice may commit him to the house of correction for any time not i

exceeding three months, cr may proceed against him for the q

penalty

NEWY

0

Highways in general.

penalty by a description of his person and the offence, and expressing in the proceedings that be refused to discover his name.

And, for the better discovering of offenders, the owner of every waggon, wain, or cart, and also of every coach, poH-chaise, or other carriage, let to hire, shallcauseto be painted, upon some conspicuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels of the doors of all such coaches, post-chaises, or other carriages, before the same shall be used in any public highway, his chriHian name and surname, and place of abode, in large legible letters; and continue the same thereupon so long as such carriage shall be used upon any highway: And the owner of every common Hage waggon or cart shall,. over and above his chriHian and surname, cause to be painted on the part and in the manner aforesaid, the following words: Common Jtage waggon or cart, as the case may be. And every person using any such carriage as aforesaid upon any highway, without the said names and descriptions respectively, or cauf-ingto be painted thereon any fictitious name or place of abode, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s.

And for preventing obHructions near public bridges; if any person, collecting any tolls payable for passing over any public bridge with carriages or cattle of any kind, shall keep any victualling house, alehouse, or other place of public entertainment; or shall fell, or permit to be sold therein, any wine, beer, ale, cyder, spirituous liquors, or other llrong liquors, by retail, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

Direction-Posts, Blocks, Mile-Stones, Water Marks, and Battlements of Bridges,

THE justices, at a special felhons, shall issue their precept to the surveyor, where several highways meet, and there is no proper or sufficient direction poll or Hone already fixed or erected, requiring him forthwith to cause to be erected or fixed, in the moll convenient place where such ways meet, a Hone or poll, with inscriptions thereon, in large legible letters, painted on each side thereof, containing the name or names of the next market town or towns, or other considerable place or places to which the said highways lead ; and also at the several approaches or entrances to such parts of any highways, as are subject to deep or dangerous floods, graduated Hones or pods, denoting the depth of water in the deepen part of the same, and likewise such direction poHs or Hones as the said justices shall judge to be necessary for the guiding of travellers in the beH and fafeH track through the said floods or waters : And if he shall refuse or neglect, for the space of three months, to cause such Hones or poHs to be fixed ; he shall forfeit 20s.

If

197

Not telling his name.

13 G. 3. r. 78.

Name to be legibly inferred*

Penalty on ire*

gie£l.

No alehouse. Sec. near any bridge.

Id.

JuTices shall order polls, Sec.

Water marks.

198

1JC. 3. /. 78. faculty for dc-dec.

u.

Limitation of

OHefs breadth ttvan fix inches. Rollers unlimited.

Time of prose-cucion

y.

licrease of basics up hills

Highways in general.

If any person shall pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface any mile done or poll graduated, or direction poll or (lone, erected upon any highway, such person shall, upon conviction before one justice, by the oath of one witness, or upon view of the justice, forfeit, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s.; and, in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of correction, there to be whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than seven days.

4

Breadth of wheels, and number of horses.

NO waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of nine inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than eight horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wiveelsof nine inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than five horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, and rolling on each side a surface of nine inches, shall be drawn with more than seven horses. And no waggon, rolling a surface of fix inches only, shall be drawn with more than fix horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than four horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than five* horses; ^nd no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of less breadth than fix inches, shall be draiyn with more than three horses: on pain that the owner shall forfeit 5I. and the driver (not being the owner) 10s. for every horse or bead above the number tefpcClively, to the sole use of the informer. But carriages moving upon wheels or rollers of the breadth of 16 inches on each side thereof, with flat surfaces, shall be allowed to be drawn with any number of horses or other cattle.

No prosecution shall be commenced before a justice, unless the information be laid within three days; and if it shall appear to the justices, before whom the complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such justice, the said justice may difraifs the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law.

The justices, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, may licence, in such manner, and for such time as they shall think fit, an increase of the number of horses to be drawn in carriages upon any deep hill, or any road not turnpike, over and above the number herein before limited ; if it shall appear, upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to the satisfaction of any justice of the peace, or of any court of justice authorized to enforce the

N. B. On turnpike roads* the number of horses in waggons is limited to four 5 in highways, in general, they are allowed five. The penalty on turnpike roads is 20s. to be paid by the driver, not being the owner$ but 5I. if the owner offends.

execution.

NEWY

Highways in general.

99

execution of this'aft, that any waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reason of deep snow or ice, be drawn by ihe number of horses or beasts of draught hereby allowed; they may flop the proceedings before them for recovery of the forfeiture. For all the purposes of this act, two oxen or horned cattle shall be considered as one horse.

The wheels of every cart, car, or dray, within the bills of mortality, shall be fix inches broad in the felly, and not wrought about with iron, nor be drawn with above the number of three horses, after they are up the hills from the water side; on pain of 40s. by warrant ofonejustice, by distress; and, for want of distress, or non-payment in six days after demand, to be committed till paid. But this not to extend to any country cart or waggon, that shall bring any goods, or shall carry any goods half a mile beyond the pavfti streets of the cities of London and Westminster.

18 G, r. c. 53. Cares within bills at mortality.

a FT. tf. Af*

c. 8.

Not extend to country catu, &c.

t

if

Breadth, widening, changing, and diverting of Highways.

WHERE any highway shall be inclosed after a writ of ad quod damnum issued, and inquisition thereupon taken ; any person that shall think himself injured by such inclosure, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, if there be time for that purpose; if not, to the next sessions after: And the determination of such sessions shall be final.

In aid of the common law, and to render the changing of highways less troublesome and expensive, power is given by this act, to the justices of the peace, to widen, divert, and change highways, as they shall judge most convenient.

Where it shall appear, upon the view of two justices, that any highway between the fences thereof is not of sufficient breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged ; or that the same cannot be conveniently enlarged and made commodious for travellers, without diverting and turning the same; the said justices shall order such highway respectively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in such manner as they shall think fit; so that the said highway, when enlarged and diverted, shall not exceed 30 feet in breadth ; and that neither of the said powers do extend to pull down any house or building, or to takeaway the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court, or yard.

And if the surveyor cannot agree with the owners; or if they shall refuse to treat or to take such recompence as shall be offered by the surveyor; then the justices, at any general quarter-sessions, upon certificate in writing, signed by the justices who made such view, of their proceedings in the premises, and, on proof of fourteen days notice in writing having

13 G. 3.<.7* Party injured may appeal.

u.

Justice's tutho* ricy.

Id.

Road may be widened.

to thirty feet.

13 G. 3. c. 78-Jury to be appointed.

200

Highways in general.

Not above forty years purchase.

Id.

Old way flopped up.

or fold on certain conditions.

Id.

Kate of 6d. in the pound*

ing been given by the surveyor to the owner, occupier, or other person or body corporate interested in such ground, or to his or their guardian, trustee, clerk, or agent, signifying an intention to apply to such quarter-sessions for the purposes of taking such ground, shall impanel a jury out of the persons returned to serve at such sessions: And the said jury shall, upon their oaths, assess the damages to be given, and recom-pence to be made to the owners and others interested in the said grounds, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding forty years purchase for the clear yearly value of the ground ; and likewise such recompence as they shall think reasonable, for making new ditches and fences on the side or fides of the said highways that shall be so enlarged or diverted; and alfa satisfaction to any person, or body corporate, that may be otherwise injured by the enlarging or diverting the said highways respectively.

And when any new highway shall be made as aforesaid, the old way shall be (lopped up, and the land and foil thereof shall be sold by the surveyor, with the approbation of the said justices, to some person whose lands adjoin thereto, if he shall be willing to purchase the same; if not, to some other person, for the full value thereof. But if such old road shall lead to any lands, house, or place, which cannot, in the opinion of such justices, respectively be accommodated with a convenient way* and passage from such new highway; in such case, the old highway shall only be fold, subject to the right of way and passage to such lands, house, or place respectively; and the money arising by the sale shall be applied towards the purchase of the land where such new highway shall be made. And on payment or tender of the money; and on a certificate signed by the said two justices, or by the chairman of the said court or quarter-sessions respectively, describing the lands so fold, . and expressing the sum so agreed for, and directing to whdm the same shall be paid ; and, on the purchaser's taking a receipt for such purchase-money from the person entitled to receive the same, by an indorsement on the back of such certificate, the foil of such old highway shall become veiled in such purchaser and his heirs.

And where there is not sufficient money in the hands of the surveyor, the said two justices, in case of agreement, or the said quarter-sessions, after such verdict as aforesaid, shall order an equal assessment to be made and levied upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, in the parish, township, or place where such highways lies; and if not paid in ten days after demand, the same shall, by order of the said two justices or court of quarter-sessions respectively, be levied by the surveyor in the manner herein-after mentioned. Provided, that no such assessment to be made in any one year shall exceed 6d. in the pound of the yearly value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments so assessed.

When

201

Highways in general.

When it shall appear, upon the view of two justices, that any public highway, not in the situation herein before def-cribed, or public bridle-way, or foot way, may be diverted, so as to make the same nearer or more commodious to the public, and the owner of the lands through which such new highway, bridle-way, or foot-way, is proposed to be made, shall consent thereto by writing under his hand and seal, it shall be lawful, by order of the justices at foine special sessions, to divert and turn, and to flop up such foot-way, and to divert, 'turn, flop up, and inclose, sell and dispose of such old highway or bridle-way, and to purchase the ground and foil for such new highway, bridle-way, or fbot-way, by such ways and means, and subject to such exceptions and conditions in all respects, as herein before mentioned with regard to highways to be widened or diverted. And it shall be lawful for any person injured or aggrieved by any such order or proceeding, or by the inclosure of any highway by virtue of an inqui-fition taken upon a writ of ad quod damnum, to appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, on giving ten days notice in writing to the surveyor and party interested in such inclosure, if there be time for that purpose; if not, then to the next sessions after. But no inclosure or iloppage of such old way shall be made, until the new way shall be compleated, and so certified by two justices upon view; which certificate shall be returned to the clerk of the peace, and by him inrolled amongst the records.

Provided, that no common land, lying between the fences of any old highway to be (lopped up or inclosed by virtue of this act, shall be inclosed. And where the same, not being common land, shall, upon a medium, exceed 30 feet in breadth, and not extend to 50 feet, the same shall not be (lopped up or inclosed, until satisfaction be made to the owner for so much as shall exceed the breadth of 30 feet; and if the parties cannot agree, the same shall be adju(led by the said justices, or the jury, if a jury be impanelled : And if it shall exceed 50 feet in breadth, or if the old road be through the open field or ground belonging to any particular person ; such person, and also the person or persons entitled to the land between the fences on the side of such highway, shall respectively hold and enjoy the land and foil of such old highway, and pay to the surveyor so much as shall be agreed on ; or if they cannot agree, then so much as shall be adjudged by the said justices or jury, if a jury be impanelled, to be adequate to the purchase, estimating such highway at 30 feet in breadth upon an average.

And the damage, if the parties interested shall not agree in adjulling the same, shall be adjudged by two indifferent persons^neto be named by the owner of the land, and the other by the said two justices ; and if the persons so to be nominated cannot agree therein, they shall chuse some third person to

D d adjudge

13 G. 3. t. 78*

Turning a high road.

Person* Injured may appeal.

Idi

Common land in old road.

Disputes, how settled.

Id.

Damage* how adjusted*

202

13 G. 3. c. 7*.

Id.

Unnecefiary toads flopped up.

Id.

Rate not exceeding 6d. in the pound.

Id.

Further rates not exceeding 9d. in the pound.

Highways in general.

adjudge the same, whose determination shall be final. And 8

the money at which such damage shall be adjudged, shall be A

applied in making satisfaction to the owner of the land through J

which such foot- way shall be made. it

And if in any parish or place, where a highway shall be di- a

verted and turned, it shall appear to the justices, that there 8

are other highways within such parish or place, besides that so to be diverted and turned, which may, without inconvenience to the public, be diverted into such new highway, or into any other within the same parish or place, and the charge of repairing the same may be thereby saved ; the said justices may order such highway, which shall appear to them unnecessary, to be flopped up, and the foil thereof fold, in such manner, and subject to such restrictions, and such right of appeal, as herein before directed concerning highways to be flopped up or inclosed.

Assessments, how to be made.

FOR reimbursing expences, upon application by the fur-veyorto the justices at a special sessions, and oath made of the sums he hath bona fide laid out, or which will be required for the purposes aforesaid ; the said justices, or two of them, shall by their warrant, cause an equal assessment to be made upon, all occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments ; to be made and collected by such person or persons, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices, by their order at such sessions, shall appoint; and to be levied as herein after directed. Provided, that no such assessment for those or any of those purposes, in any one year, shall exceed the rate of 6d. in the pound.

If, upon application of the surveyor to the justices at their general or quarter-sessions, or at a special sessions for the highways, the said justices shall be fully satisfied, by proof upon oath, that the duty hath been performed, and the money applied according to the directions of this act ; or shall be fully satisfied that the common highways, bridges, causeways, streets, or pavements, belonging to any parish, township, or place, are so far out of order, that they cannot be sufficiently amended and supported by the means herein before prescribed (notice being first given of such intended application, at the church or chapel on some Sunday preceding such quarter or special sessions; or, if the place be extra-parochial, notice in writing being first given of such intended application, to some of the principal inhabitants residing in such extra-parochial place, a week at least before such general or special sessions) ; — in such case, an equal assessment upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within any such parish, township, or place, for the

Highways in general. 203

said purposes, may be made and collected by such person, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices, by their order, at such general or special sessions, shall direct. Provided, that the said a(TeAment, and the assessment herein before authorized for buying materials, making satisfaction for damages, erecting guide pods, and paying the surveyor's salary, shall not together, in any one year, exceed the rate of 9d. in the pound.

Penalty of hindering the Execution.

IF any person shall refill or make forcible opposition again/l 13 G, 3. e. 78. any person employed in the execution of this act; or make any refeue of the goods distrained ; or if any constable shall refuse or neglect to execute or obey any warrant of a justice, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding 10I. nor Convlflion be-less than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor, for the repair of the fore one justice, highways: If not forthwith paid, or secured to be paid upon conviction, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid.

Penalty of the Surveyor for Neglect of Duty.

IF any surveyor, after his acceptance of the office, shall neglect his duty in any thing required of him, for which no particular penalty is imposed, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s. at the discretion of the justice or justices having jurisdiction therein.

Surveyor's Account.

THE surveyor shall produce the book and the a(Teftrnents fumade in that year, to the inhabitants, at a vestry or other Pr°«uced at public meeting to be held for that purpose, within fifteen days before the special sessions to be holden in the week next after Michaelmas quarter-sessions; to the intent that the said accounts, assessments, and lifts, may be inspected by the said inhabitants. And after the said book and assessments shall have Verified before been produced at such meeting, he shall take the same to a ajustice. justice on such day and at such hour as shall be agreed upon at such meeting before such last mentioned special sessions; and then and there verify such account, or any part thereof, upon oath, if required. And such justice may allow such account, Allowed or if he finds it just, or postpone it until such special sessions, if P°ftPoned*

D d 2 he

Id.

Penalty from los. to 5I.

1

204

Highways in general.

Dlfallowed, if not approved.

13 G. 3. r 78.

Books delivered up,

with tools* See,

he finds cause for so doing; and in case any articles contained in such accounts shall not be explained and proved to the fa-tisfaction of such justices, they may disallow the same.

And, for the account examined and taken, and oath admi-piftered, the justices* clerks shall have the sum of is. and no more. And when the said accounts shall have been so settled and allowed, or disallowed as aforesaid, the said book and affelfments shall be transmitted to a churchwarden or overseer of the poor of such parish, township, or place; or if the place be extra-parochial, then to some principal inhabitant thereof, to be kept for the use of such parish, township, or place: And the said surveyor shall also forthwith deliver a duplicate of such book and account, together with all sums of money that shall remain in his hands, and likewise all tools, materials, implements, and other things as aforesaid, to the succeeding surveyor, if any shall be appointed ; or retain the same in his Jiands, and account for them in his next account, if he shall be continued surveyor in the succeeding year.

And if such surveyor shall neglect to provide such book, or to enter such accounts and lifts therein, or to deliver the said book and such duplicate thereof, and such assessments, tolls, materials, implements, and other things, in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. And if he shall make default in payment, or accounting for the money remaining in his hands, within the time, and according to the directions aforesaid, he shall forfeit double the money which shall be adjudged by the said justices to be in his hands. If Sui??yor dying, the surveyor shall die, before such accounts or lifts be made out, or such money, book, assessments, tools, materials, and implements, shall be so delivered and paid, his executors or administrationors shall make out, pay, and deliver the same, in like manner, and under the like penalty, as the surveyor was liable and subject to.

Id.

Surveyor'! nc gledt.

Id.

Expence to be charged by surveyor.

Presentment or Indictment of Highways in general.

IF the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, shall agree, at a vestry or other public meeting, to prosecute any person by indictment for not repairing any highway within such parish, township, or place, which they apprehend such person was obliged to by law, or for committing any nuisance upon any highway, or shall agree, at such vestry-meeting, to defend any indictment or presentment against them, the surveyor may charge in his account the reasonable expences thereof, after the same shall have been agreed to by such inhabitants at a vestry or public meeting, or allowed by a justice within the limit where such highway shall be.

Presentment

Origin*! frori L BFU

5:

I

f

t

A

I

I

C-

*S

Highways in general.

Presentment by a Justice.

2O5

EVERY justice of the peace, either upon his own view or ,3 c, 3. c. 7*. Upon information on oath given to him by the surveyor, may Upon view or jnake presentment at their respective assizes or jrreat sessions, information, or in the open general quarter-sessions of the peace, of any highway, causeway, or bridge, not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, or of any other default or offence committed and done contrary to the provision and intent of this statute: And every such presentment shall be as effectual as if found by the oaths of twelve men : And the justices, at their general quarter-sessions, or the major part of them, may, if they fee just cause, direct the prosecution on such presentment as shall be made at the quarter-sessions, to be carried on at the Expence, how general expence of such limit, and to be paid out of the gene- paid, fal rates within the same: And for every such default so presented, the justices of assize, counties palatine, and great sessions, and justices of the peace, at their respective courts, may jaflefs such fines as they shall think meet.

Levying of A fie Aments, Fines, and Forfeitures.

IF any person shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum assessed Id,

Upon him by any assessment in pursuance of this act, within Fjnc* how te-fen days after demand thereof made, the same shall be levied by v,ed* the surveyor or any other person, by warrant of one justice, by# distress; and, in default of distress, the justice may commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he shall have paid the sum so assessed, and the costs and charges oc* cafioned by such neglect or refusal. And if any fine, issue, penalty, or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall be levied on one or more of the inhabitants, such inhabitant may make his complaint to the inhabitant *i«y special sessions; and the justices there shall, by their warrant, complain, cause a rate to be made according to the form and manner herein before prescribed for reimbursing such inhabitant. — *

Which rate so made, and confirmed by two justices, shall be collected and levied by the surveyor; who shall, within one month after making and confirming the rate, collect, levy, and pay such inhabitant the money so levied as aforesaid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, for any offence against the same, and all costs and charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this act (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by distress, by warrant of one Pen?,fy levied

7 ' J 1 by diihefs.

♦ See Appendix, No. 35, 36* and 37.

justice

20 6

One jufllcc. Application of penalty.

13 C. 3. C. 78.

Costa and charges, how and where paid.

Jd.

Power of appeal*

on due notice, and entering into recognizance.

Highways in general.

justice, where the offence, neglect, or default shall happen ; which warrant such justice shall grant, on conviction of the offender by confession, or the oath of one witness, or upon order made as aforesaid. And the penalty, when levied, shall be paid half to the informer, and half to the surveyor, for the repair of the highways, unless otherwisedirested by this act. — But if the surveyor shall be the informer, then the whole shall be employed towards the repair of the highway. And if such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs and charges shall not be forthwith paid, the justice may commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalty, forfeiture, costs, and charges, be sooner paid.

And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the said justice, any justice of the limit where such person shall inhabit, on request to him made, and on a true copy of the conviction, and of the order for payment of such costs and charges being produced, and proved before him by one witness upon oath, shall, by his warrant, cause the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, and the costs and charges mentioned in such order, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid, to be levied by distress; and if no sufficient distress can be had, shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid. No conviction shall be had, unless upon confession, or oath of one witness, or view of the justice. Any justice may administer an oath to any witness or other person, for the better discovery and execution of the several matters or things herein directed to be enquired into and performed.

Appeal.

IF any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done by any justice or other person in the execution of this act, and for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, giving notice in writing of his intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or other person against whom the complaint shall be made, within six days after the cause of such complaint shall arise ; and within four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before justice, with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter-sessions. And the justices, at such sessions, on proof of such notice given, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall determine the appeal in a summary way, and award costs to either party, to be levied and recovered as herein before directed.

Highways.

tizeaty

Highways, (Turnpike.)

20 7

NO gate-keeper, orother person renting the tolls, and re- 13 <7 3.*. 84.

Tiding in the toll-house, shall be removable by any or- Gatekeeper's der of two justices, as to his settlement, unless he shall be ac- aIn

tually chargeable; nor shall he gain a settlement by such feaiemenu*'™ renting and residence in the parish or place where the toll-house is situate: And no tolls or toll house shall be assessed towards the poor rate, or any other public or parochial levy. And the gate-keeper, and also the surveyor, shall, when required by notice in writing from the trustees, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered by a trustee, an account in writ- Account on ing of all money received by them on account of the road, and oath*

Hot before accounted for; on pain of 5I. to be recovered in a summary way before one justice, and applied to the use of the road.

And if the wife or family of a gate-keeper who shall die, shall refuse to deliver up possession within four days after another shall be appointed, or if a gate-keeper shall be discharged from his office, and shall refuse to deliver up poflession within two days notice given to him of his discharge, one justice may, by his warrant, order the constable, with such assistance as shall Refusing to give be necessary, to enter the house and premises in the day time, poflession. and remove the persons who shall be found therein, together with their goods, out of such house, and put the new appointed officer in poflession. Every constable refusing or neglecting to put this act in execution, and every surveyor, toll-taker. See. Constable'i ne-that shall neglect, for the space of one week after an offence gieft. committed, to lay such information on oath before a justice, as by this act is directed, shall forfeit iol.

And the justices in sessions, on complaint to them made, by 13 g. 3. c. 84* any justice or two creditors or trustees, may cause weighing Weighing en-engines to be erected, and the expences thereof to be paid out8‘nc# of the tolls.

The owner of every waggon, cart, or carriage, having a Owner's pe-greater number of horses than are allowed by this act, shall forfeit cl.; and the driver thereof, not being the owner, shall „ r,lverspe# forfeit the sum of 20s. y'

In case any person or persons shall, upon any turnpike road. Id. drive or adl as the driver of any waggon. See. drawn by more Proceeding than the number of horses hereby authorized, it shall and may a®alnft otfend-be lawful for any constable, or any other person, to apprehend ers-and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such person or persons so driving or acting as driver or driver*, before one or more justice or justices of the peace. Sec.; and upon conviction thereof, by confeflioo, or the oath of one witness, every

N. 6. Doubts has arffen, whether both the owner and driver are punishable by this clause j both certainly according to the letter : But it is possible that one only may be to blarre ; the owner, by suffering the carriage to set oux from home illegally drawn ; the driver, by unlawfully adding a horse to the allowed number In passing on the road.

person

208

Highways. (Turnpike.)

person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding 5I. nor lets than 10$. at the discretion of the justice or justices, to him that shall sue for the same, limit n* No Prosecut*on shall be commenced before a justice t>y way

time.tat'011 ° of information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver of any carriage having a greater number of horses therein than are allowed by this act, unleu such information belaid within three days after the offence committed ; and no action shall be commenced, unless within one calendar month after the offence committed; and neither such information nor action shall be brought, unless notice be given by the informer to the driver, on the day on which the offence shall be committed, of an intention to complain of such offence. And if it shall appear to the justice before whom such complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it in* convenient to summon him, the justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to his remedy by action at law*

Penalty of evading Toils.

IF any person shall unload any goods before they come to the turnpike-gate or engine, and thereby pay less toll at such gate, than would have been paid if such goods had not been so unloaden, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. to be levied upon the goods of the owner; and the.driver, not being the owner, so offending, and being convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month. If the . owner or driver shall turn out of the road, in order to avoid

the roTcf °Ut we*&bing or paying the toll, and shall afterwards return and

proceed upon the road, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by the oath of one witness, forfeit, if he be the owner, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s. ; if he be the driver, and not the owner, any sum not exceeding 50s. nor less than 10s. IJ. If any person shall take off any horse or other beast of

Taking off draught from any waggon or other carriage, or cause the dif-

hoise, &c* tance of the wheels to be altered before the same shall come to

the gate, with intention to avoid the toll, or any forfeiture or penalty, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

N. B. If the farmer of the tolls shall take more or less toll than he oughf, he shall forfeit 5I. and also the contract, if required; and every other gatekeeper, who shall take a greater or less toll than he ought, shall forfeit 40s,

IJ.

Unloading

goods.

s

Penalty*

NEW

Highways. (Turnpike.)

2og

Carriages to be marked. See p. 156.

IF anyrperson shall, upon any turnpike road, drive any 13 G. 3. r. 84, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, not being marked as afore- f>en^,.t3r for not said, the constable, surveyor, or any other person, may appre- mar hend and carry him before a justice, and, on conviction, by confession or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s.

WHERE there are two or more turnpike roads under several acts of parliament, within the same parish, township, or place, and the statute duty directed by all such acts for the repair of such turnpike road, shall exceed .three days duty in the whole, two justices, in a special sessions, may proportion the statute duty betwixt such turnpike roads and the other high- Justices may ways in such parish, township, or place, in such manner as lettlethe they shall think fit, having first summoned the clerks and fur- pr°P°«ion of veyors of the turnpike roads, and likewise the surveyor of the uty* highway for such parish, township, or place. Where parts of highways or turnpike roads are turned, by legal authority, to make the same nearer or more commodious, the inhabitants or other persons, who were liable to the repair of the old highway, shall be liable to the repair of the new: And if the several parties interested cannot agree, the same shall be viewed by two justices, and settled by them: And if it shall be found more convenient to fix a gross sum, or annual sum, to be paid by the inhabitants or other such persons, towards the repair of the new highway, the justices may, with the consent of such person or persons, and of the inhabitants, obtained at a vestry meeting for that purpose, and also of the trustees at a public meeting, if it be turnpike road, order and direct the same accordingly.

Where any turnpike road is in such a state and condition, U. that the statute duty required to be performed upon the same. Statute duty or some part thereof, may be dispensed with, the justices, at a may be special sessions, upon application to them made by the surveyor rawn* of such parish, township, or place, may summon the clerk or surveyor of the turnpike road to appear before them at some other special sessions, and produce before them a state of the revenues and debts belonging to such turnpike road: And if it

Driver misbehaving. See Highways in general.

p. 155.

Statute Duty and other Labour on Turnpike Roads,

p. 150.

£ e

shall

210

G. 3. C. 84. Nuisances on road not to remain.

Encroachments not to be fuffored.

Removal of gate.

Id.

Mile (lone, &c, defaced.

U-

Mortgagee talcing possession of gate.

Jd.

Kefifting toll gatherers.

Highways. (Turnpike.)

shall appear to them, that the whole or any part of the statute duty may conveniently be dispensed with from such turnpike road, without endangering the securities for the money advanced on the credit of the tolls, they may order the whole or part of such statute duty to be performed upon the highways, not being turnpike, within such district, during such time as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

If the surveyor of any turnpike road shall suffer to remain for the space of four days, in any part thereof, within ten feet on either side of the middle of the road, any post, heap of (tones, rubbish, or earth, by which the passage thereof may be obstructed or straitened, he shall forfeit 40s. If any person shall encroach, by causing to be made any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any turnpike road, within thirty feet from the middle thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil of any ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his plough or harrow on any ground within the distance of fifteen feet from the middle thereof as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 40s. to him who shall make information thereof: And one justice, on proof thereof upon oath, may levy as well the expences of taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as the several penalties hereby imposed, by distress. If the trustees shall erect a gate where they have no power, the justices in sessions, upon complaint, may hear and determine the same in a summary way, and order the sheriff to remove it.

If any person shall wilfully or wantonly pull down, obliterate, or deface any mile (lone or post, he shall, on conviction before one justice, upon view, or by the oath of one witness, forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s. and, in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than {even days, unless the same be sooner paid.

Every mortgagee, that shall have taken possession of the toll-gate or bar, shall, within fourteen days after notice given to him in writing from the trustees, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered by any trustee, an exact account in writing of all money received by him, or by any other, to His use, at such toll gate or otherwise, and what he hath expended in keeping or repairing the same; and if he shall neglect to render such account, he shall, on conviction in a summary manner, before one justice, forfeit, for every omission, the sum of iol. to the use of the road.

if any person shall resist, or make forcible opposition against any person employed in the due execution of this act, or of any particular turnpike act; or shall pass through, without paying the toll appointed to.be paid ; or if the constable shall refuse or neglect to execute any justice's warrant, he shall forfeit not exceeding iol. nor less than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor, for the use of the turnpike road ; and if not forthwith

paid

LI

I

Highways. (Turnpikes.)

211

r,

I paid or secured, he shall be committed to the common gaol or " house of correction for any time not exceeding three months,

unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and all 13C. 3.*. 84, colls and charges to be allowed and ordered, by authority of Penalties by the same, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, or of the person ordered to pay the said colls respectively, by warrant of one justice, on conviction of the offender by confession or oath of one witness, or upon such order made as aforesaid : The same to be paid half to the informer, and half to the surveyor for the use of the turnpike road, unless otherwise particularly directed. And in case such distress cannot be found, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeiture, costs, or charges, shall respectively be sooner paid.

And any justice may act in the execution hereof, notwithstanding he may be a creditor or trustee.

And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the justice, any justice of the limit, where the said person shall inhabit, shall, on request to him made, and a true copy of the conviction for the penalty or forfeiture, or of the order for the payment of coils or charges, being produced and proved before nmu^ay'dff-him upon oath, cause the said penalty or forfeiture, or the train# said coils or charges, to be levied by distress; and, if no fuf. ficient distress can be had, shall commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid.

Every prosecutor or informer may, at his option, sue for and recover any forfeiture or penalty imposed by this or any other act for erecting turnpikes or repairing turnpike roads, in man? ner following, viz. if the same shall not amount to 40s. it shall be recoverable only by information before a justice ; and How penalty U if it shall amount to 40s. or upwards, it may be recovered ei- recoverable, ther before a justice as aforesaid, or by action of debt in any of his majesty's courts. Provided, that ten days notice in writing be given to the party offending, previous to the commencement of the action ; and that the same be brought within one calendar month after the offence committed.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing Power of appeal, done by any justice in pursuance of this act, except under particular circumstances, for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions. And the justice, having received notice of such appeal, shall return all proceedings before him touching the matter of such appeal, to the said sessions, on

E e 2 pain

Id.

Justice, though a trustee, may ad.

Id.

212 Highways;

pain of jl. And the justices* at such sessions, on proof of the notice given, and of the entering into recognizance, shall hear and determine the appeal in a summary way, and award cods to either party as they shall see cause, to be levied and recovered as herein before directed.

Highwaymen. See Robbery.

;a

i

I Haw. 66.

Haw. 66.

Manslaughter

defined.

J ss-

3 Ed. i e. 15. Not bailable. Murder deferred*

x Haw. 81. Duelling.

3 W- 53'

Persons present, how punishable.

% & 3 Ed. 6. c. 24.

Offender, where indictable.

13 & 14 C. c. 4. Interment of self-xnurdereri.

Homicide.

\ 1

HOMICIDE in law signifies the killing of a man by a man.

» (

Manflaughrer.

BY manfiaughter is to be underdood such killing of a man as happens either on a sudden quarrel, or in the commission of an unlawful ad, without any deliberate intention of doing any mischief at all.

There is this difference between murder and mandaughter; viz. that murder is upon malice forethought, and man-daughter upon a sudden occasion.

This offence is not bailable by the justices of the peace. Murder is, when a man of found memory, and of the age of discretion, unlawfully killeth any person under the king's peace, with malice forethought, either expressed by the party, or implied by law ; so as the party wounded or hurt die of the wound or hurt, within a year and a day.

The law so far abhors all duelling in cold blood, that not only the principal who actually kills the other, but also his seconds, are guilty of murder, whether they fought or not. And it is holden, that the seconds of the party dain are like-wife guilty as accessaries.

They that are present when any man is dain, and do not their bed endeavour to apprehend the murderer or mandayer, shall be fined and imprisoned.

Where any person shall be felonioudy dricken or poisoned in one county, and die in another county, the offender may be indicted in the county where the party dies, before the coroner, justices of the peace, or other justices.

By the rubrick in the book of common prayer, before the burial office, a person who hath laid violent hands upon himself, shall not have that office used at his interment*

N. B. No didindlion seems to be here made as to the date of mind in which the party put an end to his life; the prohibition in the rubrick, with respect to the burial service, is absolute.

Horses.

Horses

213

FROM and after Sept. 29, 1784, every person who shall keep any horse, mare, or gelding, for riding, or for drawing any coach, chaise, &c. liable to pay duty under the management of the commissioners of excile, shall pay annually 10s. on pain of 20I. for neglecting to make entry thereof in ten days.

And for every horse, &c. previous to its being entered to run for any plate, or sum of money, the further sum of two guineas; on a penalty, for neglect, of 20I. to be paid to the clerk of the course, or other person authorized to make the entry.

Every dealer in horses within the cities of London and Weft. minder, the bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark, shall take out a licence, and shall annually pay for it iol.; if without those limits, 5I. Such duties are to be under the of of the stamp duties; who are appointed, any two or more of them, to grant such licences; to be renewed ten days at lead before the expiration of the year for which the preceding licence shall have been granted.

All persons licensed to deal in horses, shall have those words legibly written on some visible place in the front of their houses or dables, &c. on a penalty of 5I. for neglecting to do it.

No person shall be compelled to travel further than to the next market town to make entry, or give fresh notice, or to pay such duties as aforesaid, which mud be done within twenty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months, after giving the former notice.

Lids of persons liable to pay duties on windows, with the number of their windows, shall be delivered by the parish col-ledlorsof window duties to the distributors of damps, on a penalty, for neglect, of 5I.; the collectors to be paid 2s. for every hundred names, and so in proportion for any less number.

The head didributor shall demand the duty of any person whose name is contained in such lids, and who shall not have regidered any horse, &c. liable to the above duties.

This act shall not extend to the horses of soldiers, or non-commissioned officers in any of his Majesty's regiments of cavalry, nor of licensed dealers, kept for sale, and not for hire, nor to any horses, &c. let for travelling pod, or to hire for a day. See. by any licensed pod-maderor inn-keeper.

All horses used for riding, or in drawing any carriage subject to any excise duty, shall be liable to the said duty of 10s. annually.

But, upon any appeal to the of, from the afleffi-ment for any horse, and, upon proof on oath, to the satisfac-tion of the of, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm not worth more than icoi. per annum

shall

*4^- 3'{eJF- *

c. 31.

Horse duty

Id.

Race horses.

Id.

Licence to dealers.

Id.

Written on door*

Id.

Duties, where payable.

Id.

Lifts, how obtained.

Id.

Who demand* duty.

Id.

Soldiers' horse* exempe.

Post horses, &e. exempt.

25 G. 3. e. 47i Saddle and carriage horses liable.

Id.

214

Not farming horse.

*5*7. 3. c. 47-Penalties, how recovered,

I

and applied,

26 <7 — 3. c. 79. Horse used only for huflandry or trade.

Id.

Poor man'a horie.

Id.

Only (mail far* met's hoifes exempt.

*4 G. 3 1.

31.

Stamp office lift.

Id.

Duplicate of entry.

24 G. 3.Jeff. 2, <r. 31.

Penalties, how applied.

16.

Justice's process

Horses.

shall have been so assessed, has been only used for the purpose of riding to and from market, or church, or other place of public worship, and no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, the of may make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong.

All penalties imposed by this act, not exceeding 20I. shall be recoverable before two justices, and may be levied by distress, and for want of distress, the offender may be committed to the county prison, for not more than six months, nor less than one : One moiety of the penalty to his majesty, the other to the informer prosecuting for the lame, within one year after the offence committed.

No person keeping a horse, mare, or gelding, which shall be used really and truly for husbandry, or drawing any carriage (except such as was heretofore liable to an excise duty), or carrying burthens in the course of the trade or occupation of the owners, shall be chargeable with the duty of 10s. per annum : If such horse, &c. be only used for riding in its return from carrying such burthen, or to fetch such burthen, or to market, to a place of public worship, to an election of members to fervein parliament, or to or from a court of justice or meeting of of of taxes.

^here the owners are, through poverty, excused parochial taxes, their horse is also exempted from the tax.

Such persons as by the former act were allowed one horse for riding, they renting a farm worth no more than 1501. per annum, are no longer excused the tax: That indulgence is, by this act, confined to occupiers of farms less than 70I. per annum, provided such horse. &c. is usually kept for the purpose of husbandry.

The (lamp officers shall affix on the church doors, within thirty days after the payment of such duties, the names of the persons, and the number of the horses so paid for ; and the times when the same were paid : And any person defacing such lift, shall forfeit 40s.

Where persons have more than one place of residence, a duplicate of such entry, mentioning at the foot of it the time of the original entry, shall be delivered to the stamp officer of the next market town, on pain (for neglect) of 40s.

The penalties to be divided, one moiety to his majesty, his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other, with fullcofts* to him who shall inform and sue for the same.

Any justices residing near, may hear and determine offences against this act ; may summon the party accused, and also witnesses, on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and on due proof, by confession of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, as the act directs, and levy penalties by distress, if not otherwise paid, to be sold if not redeemed within six days, rendering the over-

plus.

Horses.

plus, if any, to the party; or commit the offender, on failure of distress, for three months, or till the penalty shall he paid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the ne*xt general quarter-sessions; who shall finally hear and determine the same.

If any persons, who shall be summoned to appear as witnesses, shall refuse or neglect to appear, they shall forfeit 40s.

The justice may mitigate the penalties, where he shall see cause, to one moiety, over and above all cods and charges.

This act is in part repealed, but the duties on horses continue the same: The execution of the act being transferred to the of of the duties on houses and windows, by 2S 3, c. 47.

215

24 r'‘3-/# *.

c. 3».

Power of appeal. Id.

Witnesses refuting.

Id.

Mitigation of penalty.

Partly repealed*

Buying of stolen Horses.

EVERY person offending against this statute, shall forfeit 2^3 P.&M, 5I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue before the c. 7. justices in sessions, or in any ordinary court of record, and the 31 EI'IZ* sale shall be void. How Punifl,e'1-

If any horse shall be stolen, and afterwards shall be fold in Id, open fair or market, if claim be made in six months, where Time of claim the horse shall be found, before the mayor, if in a town cor- Utnitc<1* porate, or else before a justice near the place where found, and so as proof be made before such magistrate in forty days next ensuing, by two witnesses, that the property of such horse was in the party claiming, and was stolen from him within six months next before such claim, such sale shall not take away the owner's property; but the party from whom the same was stolen may at all times after, notwithstanding such sale, At aIJ t,me3 on take again the said horse, on payment or readiness to offer to Payment* the party who hath possession, so much as he shall swear before such magistrate, that he paid for the same.

Killing or maiming Horses in the Night.

WHERE any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously 22 & C. 2. kill or destroy any horses, he shall be guilty of felony, and may c‘ J' be transported, by three justices in sessions, for seven years. If Tra°nfportatmn. any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously wound or hurt Treble damages any horses, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved treble da- for wounding, mages, to be recovered by action at law, or before three justices.

Horses*

216

Horses and Carriages.

Kories' and Carriages' additional Duty.

29 G. 3. e. 9. For two horses.j

From three to five.

For fix or more.

One carriage, with four wfieels.

19 G. 3. c. 49. Two such carriages*

Three or more.

In addition to former duties.

To he paid by the hirer.

FROM July $, 1789, the following additional duties on horses and carriagesare to be paid, viz.

Where two horses are kept for riding, or for drawing any coach, chaise, or other carriage, in respect whereof any duty now transferred to the management of the of for taxes is payable, there shall be charged an additional annual duty of 5s. for one of such horses, mares, or geldings.

Every person who shall keep and use three, four, or five horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or drawing such coach, chaise, or other carriage, shall be charged with an additional duty of 7s. 6d. for each such horse, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

Every person who shall keep and use fix or more horses, mares, or geldings, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such coach, or other carriage, shall be charged with and pay an additional annual duty of 10s. for each such horse, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

Every person who shall keep one coach, chariot, calafii, chaise-marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan, for his or her own use, or to let out to hire, other than and except such carriages as are licensed by his majesty's of forma-naging the duties on hackney-coaches, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly sum of 20s. in respect of such one coach or carriage as aforesaid.

Every person who shall keep tnxjo coaches, chaises with four wheels, or caravans, under the above circumstances, shall be charged with and pay an additional duty of 20s. for one of such carriages, and an additional yearly sum of 2I. for every other of such carriages.

Every such person who shall keep three or more coaches, chariots, chaises with four wheels, or caravans, or three or more of any such carriages, for his or her own use, or to let out to hire, other than and except such as are before excepted, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly sum of 20s. for one of such carriages, and an additional yearly sum of 3I. for every other of such carriages.

The said several yearly sums shall be paid over and above, and in addition to any former duty charged upon horses and carriages, and now placed under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes. No duty imposed by this act shall extend to horses exempted from duty by 24 G. 3, r. 31, or any subsequent ad.

The duties imposed by 24 G. 3, and by this act, on horses let out by the year, month, or other period, for drawing coaches, &c. shall be paid by the person or persons respectively by whom such horses shall be hired and used.

The

I

217

Horses and Carriages*

These additional duties are not to extend to carriages let out I to travel poll, by any perfort licensed to let post horses.

From July c, 1789, no licence is to be granted to exercise the business or a horse dealer, unless the person shall produce to the of, or the person authorized by them, a declaration in writing, signed by him, that he seeks his living by buying and selling of horses, and shall set forth the place where such trade and business is to be carried on ; and every licence granted, or to be granted, to any person other than to such as shall seek his living by buying and selling horses, shall be wholly void.

If horse-dealers keep horses for riding or drawing, and ne-gleft to give in a list thereof, the assessors may charge the duty for such number, as from information they learn are so kept; notwithstanding the licence to them granted, or any thing in this or the said recited acts contained to the contrary thereof.

I The several duties are to be paid quarterly, the first payment on October 10, 1789.

The duties are to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

The new duties charged by this act on horses and on carriages shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received by such persons, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and with such power for recovering and enforcing the same, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, the former duties on horses and carriages respectively, by the act of 25 G. 3. r. 47, or by any other act or acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenues upon houses, windows, and lights, or either of them ; and all the powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures. &c. now in force, contained in the said act of 25 G. 3. c. 47, relative to the duties on horses and carriages, or either of them, or in any subsequent aft relating thereto, for aifeffing, raising, levying, and paying, the rates and duties by the said acts, shall be in full force, for assessing, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act directed.

The of for putting in execution the act of 25 G. 3. r. 47, are to put this in execution, and to hold their first meeting on July 10, 1789 ; and afterwards in like manner to meet yearly at such days or times as the said of shall think proper to appoint, before the 30th of April yearly; and shall then divide themselves to act infeparate districts, and proceed in the execution of this act.

If, by any neglect or default, there shall not have been a meeting of the of, and a due execution of the several powers by this or the said act of 25 G. 3. c. 47, at the time prescribed,. they may meet at any other time or times as

F f thers

k if; t 1 '

29 G. 3. c. 49. Licensed post horses not included.

Restriction of horse-dealcr's licence.

Assessors to charge the duty of horses used by dealers*

Duties, when payable*

How applied*

Duties raised aS heretofore*

Commissioners as before.

Where not a sufficienc mecW ing.

218

*9 C-3-

Horses and Carriages.

c* 49« there shall be occasion; and all such meetings and acts of the said of, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed good and valid, to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defied as aforesaid.

No commissioner to ad till he has taken the following oath ; on pain of forfeiting iool.

Commissioner's

oath.

Aireflors acquainted with their appointment.

When no new ones appointed.

Officers to take an oath.

Form of oath.

By whom ad*

minifteied.

Duties regulated by lifts delivered.

/, A, B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, and will determine all appeals which shall be brought before me, to the best of my skill and judgment, pur-Juant to the act of parliament in that behalf

So help me God.

Which oath any two or more of the of are hereby authorized to administer.

Commissioners are to give notice to their assessors of their appointment.

If no assessors are appointed, or they neglect their duty, the surveyors or inspedors under 25 G, 3. c. 47, or any of the acts relating to houses, windows. See. may ad as assessors ; and they are hereby required to do and perform such and the like services, as by this act are required of such assessors.

Every person appointed as aforesaid, or any surveyor or in-spedor hereby authorized to ad in the execution of the said office or employment, shall take and subscribe, besides the oaths or solemn affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by assessors, by any other act or acts of parliament relative to the said duties, an oath, or solemn affirmation, in the following form (that is to say):

I, A. B, do swear [or affirm, as the case may require], that in the assessment which 1 am required to make in pursuance of the act of parliament in that case made and provided, 1 will aft without favour or affection, and according to the best of my skill and knowledge So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the of where the assessments are to be made, are hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any person so appointed to act as surveyor, assessor, or inspector, shall presume to ad in the execution of the said office or employment before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of 20I.

The duties by this act granted shall and may, from time to time, be assessed, levied, and paid according to such lifts in writing, of the number of horses and carriages liable to the said duties, which shall be kept or used by any person or persons whatsoever, as shall, from time to time, be delivered to any such assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspedors respectively, in pursuance of the said act of the 25 G. 3. r. 47, and according to the number of horses and carriages

respectively

Qriginal from

LIB*

i Jv

i

Horses and Carriages.

219

29 G, 3. c. 49.

Carriages otherwise than in husbandry, &c.

Penalty, how applied.

r

Ire/pe£lively contained therein, unlef6 omissions are discovered,

and then assessors are to make a surcharge.

The first assessmentis to be for three-fourths of a year, from July 5, 1789, and afterwards for one year from April 5.

Every carriage with two or three wheels, to be drawn by one or more horses, which shall be used at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the carriage of goods, wares, or merchandize, from place to place in the way of trade, shall be deemed a carriage and carriages within the meaning of the said act of 25 G. 3. r. 47, for laying a duty on carriages, &c. and shall be entered and paid for accordingly; and if not so entered, the owners shall forfeit 7I. for each, upon proof of the offence before one or more justice or justices of the peace, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; which oath the said justice or justices, to whom such information shall be given, are hereby authorized and required to administer; which forfeiture may be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justice or justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty and costs, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and the said justice or justices shall pay one moiety of the said penalty to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the collectors appointed for putting in execution this present act, for the parish or place wherein the person or persons, to whom such carriage or carriages shall belong, shall reside; and the said justice or justices shall render an account thereof in writing, stating the name and place of abode of such persons respectively

I from whom the money has been so received, in order that the said of may fee the same duly added to the assessment of the respective parish or place to which the same may belong.

Ilf any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence; and if a verdict shall paf$ for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall discontinue the action, or be non-suited, or judgment shall be given against him or her, then such defendant shall have treblp costs against any such plaintiff.

Horse-Races.

WHEREAS the great number of horse-races for small 13G.2.e. 19.

plates, or prizes, have contributed very much to the Regulation as to encouragement of idleness, and impoverishment of many of the thehor*c* meaner fort of people, and the breed of strong and useful

¥ f 2 horses

Treble costs, if plaintiff is non-fuitcid*

1

220

I

53 (7. 3* e. 19. .As to the prize or plate.

As to matches.

P- *.

« 31.

Duty to stamp office.

Id.

4 Blacl. 43. Protected by law.

3 W. c. 9. Burglarious en-uy»

Horse-Races.

horses hath been much prejudiced thereby, it is etia&ed, that A no person shall enter, Hart, or run any horse, mare, dr geld- is ing, for any prize, unless the same shall be, bona fide> his own property, on pain of forfeiting the same, or the value thereof.

And no plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, shall be run for, or advertised or proclaimed to be run for, unless such plate, prize, or sum of money, be of the real and intrinsic value of 50I. or upwards : And if any person shall enter, Hart, or run any horse for any such plate, prize, or sum of money, under the value of 50I.; or shall make, print, advertise, or publish any advertisement of any such prize under the value of 50I. 1

every such person so entering, starting, or running such horse, i\ shall forfeit 200I. And every maker, printer, or publisher of such advertisement, shall forfeit iool. And no person shall start or run any match for any sum of money or other thing, n unless it be at Newmarket or Black-Hambledon, or unless such sum or other thing be of the real and intrinsic value of 50I. — or upwards, on pain of 200I. £

Every clerk of the course, or other person with whom any 5 running horse, Sec. shall have been entered, shall, within fourteen days, pay all monies received on such account to the distributor of the stamps in the county where the race was run, on pain of iool. for neglecting so to do, and also shall forfeit double the amount of the monies due on such account. v

An allowance to be made of is. in the pound to such clerk of the course, &c.

Betting, losing, winning, cheating, and the like, at horse races, are within the statutes of gaming; for which, fee , the title Gaming.

House.

AMAN's home or habitation is so far protected by the law, that if any person attempts to break open a house in the night-time, and shall be killed in such attempt, the flayer shall be acquitted and discharged.

In the case of burglary, which is breaking and entering a dwelling-house in the night-time with intent to commit felony, it is a capital offence, although no felony be actually committed. And where the offence falls short of burglary, it is, by several particular statutes, made felony without benefit of clergy, to rob any dwelling-house in the day-time, any person being therein ; or Healing in the day-time to the value of 5s. in any dwelling-house or out-house thereunto belonging, although no person be therein ; or Healing to the value of 40s. in any dwelling-house or out-house, although the same be not broken open ; or breaking a house in the day-time, any person being therein and putin fear, although nothing be stolen ; or privately Healing any goods to the value of 5s. in

any

Go

r

House.

221

any (hop, warehouse, or (table, although it be not broken open, s 9* nor any person be therein. And a reward of 40I. is given to any person who shall apprehend, and prosecute to conviction, pIw cn ms* any person guilty of the felonious breaking and entering of a dwelling-house either by day or night.

Duty on Houses in general, and on Windows or Lights therein.

COMMISSIONERS of the land tax shall be of for the duties on houses and windows And every assessor, before he acts, shall take the oaths required by 1 r. 18, before three of; which oaths are the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. Assessors refusing to take the oaths, or their offices, shall forfeit 5I. by distress and sale.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read to the assessors, the several rates and duties, and openly declare tWe effect of their charge unto them, and how they ought to make their assessments.

That is to say, for every dwelling-house, inhabited, shall be paid yearly 3s.

But by a late act, every dwelling house, containing less than seven windows or lights, is exempted from the duties imposed by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, c. 38.

Nothing in this act shall extend to exempt from the payment of the duties any edifice in the inns of court, or any chamber or apartment separately, containing less than seven windows or lights.

And, for every window or light in every dwelling-house inhabited, an additional yearly sum as followeth:

20 G. 1. c. 3. Assessor to take the oaths.

Id.

A fie floras charge.

6 G. 3. c, 38.

32 G. 3. c. 2, What houses are exempted.

What edifices not exempted.

7 windows, and no more,

8

9

10

11

12

J3

*4,

20

21

22

15, 16, 17, 18, 19,

is.

is.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

2S.

2d. each. 6d. each. 8d. each, lod. each, od. each. 2d. each. 4d. each. 6d. each. 7d. each. 8d. each. 9d. each, lod. each. 1 id.each, od.each.

e

i

e

23 —

24 — —

25 and upwards, —

And every kitchen, scullery, buttery, pantry, larder, wash-

house, laundry, bake-house, brew house, and lodging-room, belonging to or occupied with any dwelling-house, whether joined to it or not, shall be deemed part thereof, and the windows therein charged accordingly.

And

21 G. 2. r» i«. Chargeable, though separavt building.

J

222

House.

so G. a. c* 3* Window with partition*

Id.

Lighting several rooms*

$1 f»- 3> c- io.

EftfeChuMy

ftupt.

Opening afterwards.

Penalty.

toG. 2- c. 3. Occupier's tax*

31 G. 7. c. 10.

Kefjtfance of ♦ggreUbr.

% o G. % r» 5* A<Te(for's accounts.

Col le^ors.

Allowed by com mllioners.

st G. z. c. 10. Appeals, when he<tid.

e. 59. Kate of taxation.

Id*

Owner* when teemed occu-P'-r*

aS G. 3. e. 26. Parm house exempt.

19 G. 3. r. 59. Offices, ice. SUule.

And where several windows are fixed in one frame, if the partition x>r division between them is of the breadth of 12 inches, the window on each side of the partition shall be deemed a distinct window.

And all windows in frames, which shall give light into more rooms than one, shall be charged as so many separate windows as there are rooms enlightened thereby.

No windows or lights shall be deemed to be flopped up, unless it be done effectually with stone or brick, or plaifler upon lath, or upon any other material commonly used to plaister upon, or with the same kind of materials whereof the outside of the house doth Chiefly con Tift. If any occupier shall open any windows, after the assessments are settled, and warrants for collecting signed, without notice in writing to the survey-or, he shall forfeit 20s. by difirefs and sale, half of which fine shall go to the informer.

The rates shall be charged only upon the inhabitants oroc. cupiers, and not on the landlord who let or demised the same.

And if any person shall wilfully obstruct or molest any affeffor in the execution of his duty, he shall forfeit 5I. to be levied as the rates and duties.

The assessors appearing at the day appointed, shall deliver in their assessments, to be verified upon their oaths, and not otherwise. And shall then return the names of two or more able and sufficient persons to be collectors, for whom the parish or place shall be answerable. At which time, also, three or more of the of shall set their hands to the assessments, tellifying their allowance thereof.

All appeals which shall be made between March 25, and Augull 20, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the of, upon such days as shall be by them appointed between August 20, and September 15* And all such other appeals as shall be made between September 29, and January-20, yearly, shall be heard and determined upon such other days as shall be appointed between January 20, and February 10.

For every dwelling-house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of 5I. and upwards, and under 20I. shall be annually paid the sum of 6d. in the pound : From 20I. and under 40I. the sum of gd. in the pound ; From 40I. and upwards, the sum of is. in the pound.

Where a house is divided into different ftojies or tenements, and inhabited by two or more families, the landlord or owner shall be deemed the occupier, and charged accordingly.

But no farm-house shall be rated, which is used, bona fide, for the purposes of husbandry only ; and not valued at more than iol. per annum.

Coach-houses, offices, yards, courts, and gardens, occupied with any dwelling-house, and not exceeding one acre, to be valued with the house, and liable to the said duties.

Warehouses,

by

I

House.

Warehouses, being diflind buildings, used only for the purpose of lodging goods, are not chargeable with the said duties. No house shall be considered as an inhabited house, in which a servant or other person only resides to take care of the same. But halls and offices, that pay other taxes, are liable to this also. [See Windows.]

223

19 G. 3. c. 59. Warehouse* not chargeable.

House of Correction.

BY the 7 J. c. 4, it was enabled, that before Michaelmas 161X, there should be built or provided within every county, one or more fit and convenient houses of correction ; which houses were to be purchased, conveyed, or allured unto such persons, as by the justices in sessions should be directed, upon trull, that the same should be employed for the keeping, correding, and setting to work rogues, vagabonds, or sturdy beggars, and other idle and disorderly persons.

On preferment of the grand jury, that there is no house of correction, and that it will be necessary to provide one or more; or that the houses of correction already provided are not sufficient or convenient, or want to be enlarged, the justices in sessions shall have power to build, or enlarge, one or more fit houses of correction, or to buy or hire such houses for that purpose, with convenient outlets thereto adjoining, as on examination of able and sufficient workmen, or others, shall appear to be necessary for that purpose: And if houses or lands are to be purchased, they shall be conveyed to such persons as the said justices in sessions shall direct, in trull, and for the uses and purposes aforesaid. And the justices in sessions shall appoint, at their-will and pleafyre, fit persons to be governors or mailers of such houses so to be provided; and shall appoint such sums yearly as they shall think meet, to be paid quarterly before-hand by the treasurer, the said mailer or governor giving sufficient security for the continuance and performance of the said service; which Turns shall be paid out of the general county-rate.

And the justices in sessions shall take care that the houses of correction (except those erected or maintained by particular founders) shall be duly fitted up, and supplied with imple^ ments, materials, and furniture, for keeping, relieving, employing, and correding all idle and disorderly persons, rogues, vagabonds, incorrigible rogues, and others, who shall be sent to, confined, or continued in the same; and shall make such orders and regulations as they shall think fit, for the better governing and regulating the said houses, and for employing, relieving, and punishing the persons therein, or for fending them to or from thence; which orders shall not be removed by any certiorari.

And

Ancient statute for erecting them.

17 G. 2. r. 5.

Justice'* power in session to build or enlarge.

to make purchases.

Justice's appointment of governor. Salary, how paid.

12 G. 2.C. 29.

17 G. 2. c. 5. House suppliei with implements, See.

224

House of Correction.

17 G. 2. e, 5. Manner of committment.

15 G. 2 r. 24. Offenders taken in a city or town, bow dealt with.

7 7- < *4*

Governor pu-uithable.

17 G. 2. c. 5. Vifuing justices,

to report to the leflioo*.

Prisoner* to be kept to bard labour.

Id.

Negligent governor to be removed*

And whereas doubts may arise, where authority is given to any justice or justices, to commit offenders to the house of correction, for offences cognizable before them out of sessions, how long offenders may be there detained, and in what manner treated, where the time and manner of their punishment is not by law expressly limited; it is enacted, that where any offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, by virtue of any law in being or to be made, and the time and manner of their pu-nilhmentis not expressly limited, the said justice or justices shall commit such offenders to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour until the next general or quarter-sessions, or until discharged by due course of law : And two justices (of which the justice who committed him shall be one) may discharge the said offender before the sessions, if they fee cause; and if he shall not be so discharged, the said sessions may either discharge him, or continue him further, not exceeding three months.

And where any person liable by law to be committed to the house of correction, shall be apprehended within any liberty, city, or town corporate, whose inhabitants are contributors to the house of correction of the county, the justices of such liberty may commit such person to the house of correction of the county.

If the master shall not, at every quarter-sessions, yield a true account of all such persons as have been committed to his custody ; or if any person committed to his custody, shall be troublesome to the country, by going abroad; or otherwise shall escape away from the house of correction, before he shall be from thence lawfully delivered, then the said justices shall set such fines and penalties upon the said master or governor, as they shall think fit; and all fines and penalties shall be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him.

Two justices within the respective hundreds, divisions, or jurisdictions, where there shall be any house of correction, or any two justices appointed by the sessions, shall visit the same twice a year, or oftener, if need be, and report the state thereof to the next sessions. And if the governors thereof shall not set or keep the said idle and disorderly persons, rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, to hard labour, andpunishand correct them according to the directions of their warrants of commitment, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves, the said justices in sessions shall fine them ; the fines to be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him as part of the county (lock.

The justices in sessions may remove the said governor or ma/ter; and if any person removed by order of sessions, shall refuse or neglect to quit pofl'ession, for ten days after notice given him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two justices (on producing to them such order of fcffionsr or an attested copy thereof, and on oath of one witness of stich notice

having

NEW

House of Correction.

t

r

I having been given, and of his having refused or neglected td y quit possession) may, by their warrant, direct the sheriff to re- move him, who shall thereupon clear the possession as in case of a writ of habere facias possessionem.

No spirituous liquors shall be fold or used in any house of correction ; as may be seen more at large, under the article relating to spirituous liquors in the title Excise.

And to defray the expences'oferecting, purchasing, and repairing houses of correction, and of purchasing land to erect them upon, &c. the justices in sessions may cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as rates are to be raised by the 12 G. 2. c. 29.

The justices of the peace in every county, riding, division, &c. within England and Wales, at their respective quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held next after Midsummer front the time of passing this act, shall nominate one or more justices or justices of the peace, to examine and inspect the several houses of correction within their respective jurisdictions and the justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required carefully and diligently to inspect the same, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions then next following, as to the state and condition thereof, and the increase of number, or additions or alterations which they may judge necessary to make them more convenient and useful, having regard to the classing of the several persons who shall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons as are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of such prisons clean and wholesome ; and the said justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and (kilful persons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present buildings, to make them answer the several purposes of this act; which plans, together with the report of the said justice or justices, shall be laid before the court at the said Michaelmas quarter-sessions; or if not then, at or before the Epiphany quarter-sessions then next following; which court is hereby authorised and required to consider the same; and if they approve such plans, they m^y adjourn the quarter-sessions to a further day, for receiving proposals from persons inclined to & undertake such work ; and the justices, in settling and adjusting such plans, are hereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed upon charges of felony, or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of correction for punishment by hard labour, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other pfifon-ers ; and they are also to provide separate apartments in each division of the house of correction, for the women who shall be committed thither.

G g And

HI

lit

i

t

fl-

it

225

24 G. 2. c 40.

Spirituous liquors prohibited.

17 G. 2. c. 5. Justices may raise money fot repairs, &c.

22 G. j. c. 64.

Inspecting

justices.

Cl a fling of prisoners*

Plan* and p'rO-pofals to be received.

Separate apartments.

226

22 G. 3. C. 64.

to be fitted ep and furnicted.

Ucenfil* for labour*

Lifts of prisoners.

Hour employed, &c«

Materials provided*

Task-masters, or temporary afliftanc*.

22 G. 3. c» 64*

Rules and orders*

Book of entry.

House of Correction.

t

And the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-ref- 'T fions, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, . any report made to them as aforesaid, to make such order j, thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case a may require. Asfoon as such buildings shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the ^ justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, shall order them to be fitted, up and furnished in such manner as to 9 them shall seem fit; and shall also provide such utensils and i implements as they shall judge proper, for employing the fe- t vcral persons who shall be committed to such houses of cor- ^ region for hard labour; and the keepers of such houses of cor- £ region are to deliver to the chairman of the quarter-sessions a lifts of the persons in their respective custody, distinguishing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard la-hour, and in what trade, manufacture, or business, every such person hath been employed, and is best qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, ac- s cording to the best of his information and observation; and the court shall, before the end of that session, give such di- , regions for the future employment of the said several pri- . foners, as to them shall seem meet; and the justices shall, at j their general quarter-sessions of the peace, from time to time, L order and direct a sufficient quantity of materials for manu- \} fadures to be provided, for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds, as they, in their discretion, shall think most proper 5 and they shall employ foroe fit j person to be keeper of such house of correction, and may ap- , point a temporary assistant or assistants to instruct such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture, which the justices shall think most proper to be set on foot and under- 1 taken there.

The rules, orders, and regulations for the better government of the persons to be committed to the said houses of cor-redion, shall be duly observed and enforced, subject to such additions as shall from time to time be made by the justices of the peace, at their quarter-sessions, which shall be held next after Midsummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby authorised to make at their discretion ; and such rules and orders shall be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such prison. And the governor shall have power to punish the several offenders against these rules, by closer confinement; and shall enter in a book, to be kept by him for theinfpedion of the justices at the quarter sessions, and the visiting justice or justices, the name of every person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the punishment inflicted.

The justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, may and shall cause such sums of money, as shall be necessary for

NEW

Y

igitizetfby

House of Correction.

227

All prisoners may be fct to labour.

Penalty and dismission.

For all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same man- 22 G, 3. c. 64. ner as rates are directed to be raised by an act of 12 G. 2, en-ti tilled. An act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and leaving of ^0W

county rates.

Any justice may present the want of houses of correction to the quarter-sessions, on his view or knowledge thereof; which Id. presentment by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same Ju^ice's Pr«-manner as if it had been made by the grand jury. All pri- renLment* Foners in such houses may be employed by the governor in some work or labour which is not severe, although such prisoners were not, by the warrant of their commitment, ordered to be kept to hard labour; and every such governor or keeper shall enter a separate account of the work done by every person under that description, and shall account for and pay to him Account of or her one half of the nett profits which he or she shall have their work, half earned, at the time of his or her discharge, and not before. — duc toPr,ioners* No governor, or officer under him, is to fell wine. See. or any other article used in the house, under pain that every person Wine not to be offending therein, shall, on complaint made on oath, and con- f°ld* viction of the said offence, before a magistrate having jurisdiction there, forfeit iol. for every such offence, and shall be dismissed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as s assistant in such house of correction, by order of the justices at g their next general quarter-sessions of the peace; and no wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into the r house of correction to be drank there, unless for a medicinal No wine or purpose, by a written direction, under the hand of the apo- fP,nts to.bc r thecary or fUrgeon usually attending such house of correction ; roug 1 ,n*

1; and the directions given by 17 G. 2. for the inspection and

1 j con troul by the j ustices over the mailer or keeper of every such

house of correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced.

The justices of the peace, in their respective quarter-sessions, shall fix a reasonable salary for the governor or keeper of the house of correction, and may moreover allow him some pro- Salary to go-'portion of the profits earned by the prisoners.

Governors are empowered to handcuff or ferter any refrac-£ tory prisoner. The justices of the peace, at their general quar-[r ter sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a minister of the ^ church of England, residing in or near the place where every such house of correction shall be situate, to perform divine fer- salary jfj vice there every Sunday, and may appoint such salary for his trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding 20I. per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the county ; but such salary to be diminished, at any future quarter-sessions, if the justices shall think fit.

All penalties inflicted by this act, shall, in default of payment, after due summons and demand made, be levied by distress and sale, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwsll; and, for want of such distress

vernor.

22 G, 3. c. 64. Refradtory pw-loners.

Chaplain with

By whom paid.

Penalty,

levied.

how

G g 2

it.

228

House of Correction.

To whom p»id.

24 G. 3 ‘55*

When

Money to he raised on county me.

Id.

No contract by justices.

Id.

J a (lice's power of commitment.

it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of the county.

By this act, justices who have not, in pursuance of the former act of 22 G. 3. e. 6f., examined the (late of the houses of correction, may enforce the said act at the next or any subsequent quarter-sessions: And when the expences of building, rebuilding, or enlarging such houses shall exceed one half of the annual county rate (on an average of the lad five years), the justices in their (eflions may borrow, on the credit of the county rate, any sums, not less than 50I. nor more than 100I. each, by way of mortgage.

The whole conduct of this matter, relative to the borrowing and repayment of money, and also the purchase of lands, See. is on the same footing with the act respecting the gaols (except the clause which forbids any justice being concerned in any contract for rebuilding. See.) to which the reader may very conveniently be referred.

Any justice or justices of the peace authorized to convict any person or persons in a summary way, without a jury, may, after the passing of this act, or if he or they shall think fit, commit persons so convicted to the house of correction, instead of the common gaol.

2 H. H. 89. Warrant for it oot usceftary.

3 In ft. 117:

Penalty on not pursuing.

Hue and Cry.

FOR levying hue and cry, although it is a good course to have the warrant of a justice of the peace, when time will permit, in order to prevent causeless hue and cry ; yet, by the frame of the statutes, it is by no means necessary, nor is it always convenient; for the felon may escape before the war- rant be obtained, and hue and cry was part of the law, before justices of the peace were first instituted.

And they which levy not hue and cry, or pursue not upon hue and cry, may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

Hundred.

22 G. 2 e. 461 Writs, to whom produced.

WRITS of execution, which shall be sued out against the inhabitants of any hundred, on any judgment obtained by virtue of any act of parliament, shall, by the sheriff on receipt thereof, be produced to two justices (1 i£.) in or near the hundred; the same being first proved on oath before the said justices; and the attorney's bill taxed.

Hunting.

NEW:

i

If

Hunting. See Game. 229

Ideots. See Lunatics.

Imprisonment. See Arrest, Commitment.

Inclosures. (Pulling down.)

IF any person shall wilfully or maliciously demolish, pull 9 G. 3. c. t$ % down, or otherwise deftrovor damage, any fence made for Detiroying dividing or inclosing any common, waste, or other lands or how grounds in pursuance of any act of parliament, or shall cause or procme the same to be done; he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. Prosecution to be commenced in eighteen months after the offence committed.

Indemnity Act.

THIS ad is to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and to allow them time to provide admissions duly damped ; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and to indemnify deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have ne-gle&ed to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace, within the time limited by law; and to give further time for that purpose.

All such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves agreeably to sundry atts, before the passing of this act; and who shall, on or before December 25, 1790, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against all forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such neglect or admission.

But this act is not to indemnify any person, against whom final judgment shall have been given, for any penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law; nor to exempt justices acting without legal qualification.

Persons producing appointments and admissions before December 25, 1790, shall be confirmed, and qualified to a & as

clerk.

30 G. 3. c. The objects of this (lattice.

Id.

Limitation of time.

Who not included in it.

Appointment* and admission* valid within the limited time.

230

Indemnity Act.

30 G. 3. c. ii. clerk, officer, or member of corporations. Sec. and may enjoy and i'/ an0'°®ces» *nt0 which they have been elected; and shall be in-led up?a ^ " demnified from all penalties and damages, incurred by reason

of omissions. This act is not to extend to restore persons to any office avoided by judgment, and legally filled up and enjoyed by other persons.

Persons, who shall cause affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1790, are indemnified and discharged from penalties.

drm«r|ie«'n!0 By 26 G* 3*/- 107> every deputy lieutenant, and every of-ants, and other*, hcerthen holding a commission as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain in the militia, and not having transmitted a specific description of his qualification for holding such commission to the clerk of the peace, was required, within six months after the ift day of July 1786, to transmit such description to the clerk of the peace, on pain of being rendered incapable of acting as a deputy lieutenant, or of serving as an officer in the militia again, in case he should omit so to do; but whereas divers persons have, through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, neglected to transmit such description of their qualification as aforesaid, within the time limited by the said act, all such deputy lieutenants and officers, who shall, on or before the lft day of September, 1790, deliver in their qualifications, in the manner directed by the said act, are hereby indemnified from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred by reason of such omission or neglect.

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general issue.

This act may be pleaded.

m

Indictment.

2 Haio. 2io, Whac crimes indiftable.

I.. Raym. 712*

; 1

THERE can be no doubt, but that all capital crimes whatsoever, and also all kinds of inferior crimes of a public \ nature, as misprisions, contempts, disturbances of the peace, oppressions, and all other misdemeanors whatsoever of a public evil example against the common law, may be indicted : But no injuries of a private nature, unless they forae way concern the king.

A fast amounting to a felony, is not indiftable as a trespass.

Indorsing a Warrant in another County. Appendix, No. ioi.

See

Infants.


Origipal from

I

Infants,

231

BY an infant or minor, is meant any one who is under the age of twenty-one years.

An infant may be guilty of forcible entry, in respect of personal actual violence.

And the justices may fine him* therefore: But yet it shall be good discretion in the justices of the peace, to forbear the imprisonment of such infant.

No age is limited for the binding of parish apprentices ; but it seemeth they may be bound after the age of seven, when they cease to be nurse-children, and consequently may be taken from the mother. — See Apprentice.

Servants above the age of eighteen, embezzling their maf-ter's goods to the value of 40s. shall be punished as felons.

I Jrfi. 1.

Infant dc ferity* <3. l Haw. 147.

M ay be fined.

Daitm Cm 126.

43 FJ. c. a.

Age of binding.

21 H. 8. c. 7. Servants above eighteen.

Information.

INFORMATIONS are of two kinds; 1. Such as are mere- 2 Haw. 259.

1 y at the suit of the king ; and, 2. Such as are partly at Two kinds, the suit of the king, and partly at the suit of the party; — which are commonly called informations qui tarn, from those words in the information when the proceedings were in Latin, qui tam pro domino rege quam pro feipfo>

All offences against any penal statute, for which any com- 217. c.4. mon informer may ground a popular action, bill, plaint, suit. Where prose-or information, before the judges of assize, or justices of the cuted‘ peace in their general or quarter-sessions (having power to hear and determine the same), shall be prosecuted in the county where they were committed, and not elsewhere; and if the offence is not proved to have been committed in the same county, the defendant shall be found not guilty.

No informer shall compound or agree with the defendant, j$ but after answer made in court; nor after answer, but by the Informer com-order or consent of the court; on pain of being set on the pil- pounding, lory, in some market town next adjoining, in open market, for two hours, and of being disabled to be informer on any penal statute, and also of forfeiting 10I. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, to be recovered in any court of record, by action of debt or information. And the justices of assize, and the justices of the peace in sessions, may hear and determine all offences against this act.

Inmates.

232

Inmates.

31 £fas. r.7. VTO more inmates or families than one may be placed in JLNI anyone cottage, on forfeiture of 10s. a month to the lord of theleet. But, by 43 E/iz. r. 2, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, by the leave of the lord of the manor, and by order of the justices at their sessions, may place inmates Families united, or more families than one in the same cottage, provided they be the impotent and poor of the same parish.

1 J}» % Constables of hundreds shall be chosen, who shall present before justices assigned, defaults of the suits of towns, and all such as lodge strangers in uplandifti towns, for whom they will not answer.

13 Ed,

*. 6.

*7 H. 8. e. 16. Neteflary for patting estates.

To be made in six months, and recorded.

Daft, c. 188. Positive, not at discretion.

3^4 An %

c, 18.

Jurors, how qualified.

Inrolment.

NO manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall pass from one to another, whereby any estate of inheritance, or freehold, shall be made or take effect in any person, except the same bargain and sale be made by writing indented, seal-ed, and inrolled in one of the king's courts of record at Westminster; or else within the county where the lands lie, before the custos rotulorum, and two justices, and the clerk of the peace', or two of them at the least, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one: The same inrollment to be made in six months afterdate of the writings $ and to be kept amongst the records of the county.

Judgment.

BY many statutes, peculiar punishments are appointed for several offences, as pillory, (locks, imprisonment, and the like; and in all these cases, no room is left for the justices' discretion, for they ought to give judgment, and to inflict the punishment in all the circumstances thereof, as such statutes do direct.

^ N , *

Jurors.

THE justices, at Midsummer sessions, shall issue forth their warrants under the hands and seals of two or more of them, to the high constables, requiring them to issue forth their precept to the petty constables, thereby dirediftg and requiring them to make and return true lifts in writing, of the names and places of abode of all persons, within their respective con-

ftablewicks.

NEW.Ypl

Jurors.

ftablewicks, with their titles and additions, between the ages of 21 and 70, qualified to serve on juries, by having, in their own name, or in trust for them, within the same county where the issue is to be tried, ten pounds by the year at lead, above reprizes, of freehold or copyhold lands, and tenements of ancient demesne, or in rents, in fee simple, fee tail, or for the life of themselves or some other person ; or, having in posses-(ion, in their own right, a leasehold estate of 20I. per annum, for 99 years or more.

The high-constable failing to issue this precept, shall for. feit 10I. on conviction at the assizes or sessions.

And if any petty constable shall wilfully omit any person who ought to be inserted, or insert any one who ought to be omitted, or shall take any reward for omitting or infening any person, he shall forfeit 20s. on conviction before one justice, on confession, or oath of one witness; half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place for which the lift is returned ; if not paid in five days, to be levied by distress. — And such justice shall, in writing under his hand, certify the same to the next sessions; who shall diretft the clerk of the peace to insert or (trike out the name of such person so inserted or omitted wrongfully.

The petty constables, at Michaelmas sessions, shall deliver in the lifts in open court.

Or, instead of this, after they have compleated their lifts, it shall be sufficient if they subscribe the same in the presence of one justice, and at the same time attest the truth thereof upon oath to the best of their knowledge or belief: and then the said lifts, being first signed by the justice, and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the said petty constables to the high constables, who shall deliver in the same at the said sessions, in open court, attesting at the same time, upon oath; the receipt of such lifts from the petty constables, and that no alteration hath been made therein since their receipt thereof.

The constable failing to make return, shall forfeit 5I. to the king, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information.

Aiid if any person, not qualified, shall find his name mentioned in such lift, and the person required to make such lift, shall refuse to omit him, or think it doubtful whether he ought to be omitted, the justices, at the sessions to which the lifts shall be returned, on satisfaction from the oath of the party complaining, or other proof that he is not qualified, may order his name to be (truck out, or omitted to be entered in the book.

The justices shall then cause the iifts to be fairly entered in a book by the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided and kept for that purpose amongst the records of the sessions.

By a clause in the commission of the peace, it is said, we command Our sheriff, that at certain days, which you (the justices) shall make known to him, he cause to come before

H h you

133

1

4 & 5* If*

3 G. a. €. 251 High constable* neglect.

3 G. 2. c. 25. Petty constable; if partial,

how punishedj

7 & 8 iV. ci 32* Lift?, when delivered.

3 G. 2. t. 25. Lifts subscribed and attested.

7 & 8 tV. c. 32. Constable not returning.

3 G. 2. c. 25.

Juror not qualified.

7 8 fP. c. 32.

Lifts entered and recorded.

Order to the sheriff.

tfrigirval from

J34

2 Haw* 406. Jury, when ie-turned.

2 H. H. 263. Number of jurymen.

3 H. 8. c. i». Jurors challenged.

May be changed.

I Inst, 22* %

Jury confined.

Dr. S? St. 158. Justice's indulgence.

A new inquest.

1 Hawi 57, 58. Assault or threat, or blow to ft juror.

3 G. 2. e. e. Jurors penalty.^

3 n. 7. e. Grand jury, when fincable.

Jurors.

you so many and such good and lawful men of his bailiwick,

(as well within liberties as without) by whom the truth shall be the better known and enquired into.

It seems that justices of the peace may not order a jury to be returned immediately, nor on the same day, for the trial of a prisoner arraigned before them, as justices of gaol delivery may, unless the crime amount to felony, or the party consent to be tried immediately.

And although the words of the writ be twelve, yet, by the ancient course, the sheriff mull return twenty-four, for the expedition of Justice; for, if twelve only should be returned, there would seldom a full jury appear; and, in this case, ufageand cullom makes the law.

Besides the challenges which may be taken by the plaintiff or defendant, it is enacted, that in cases where the king is party, the justices of assize, or of the peace in sections, may reform the panels of jurors, by putting to and taking out the names of the persons impanelled by their discretion ; and if the sheriff* do not return the panel so reformed, he shall forfeit 20I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

By the law of England, a jury, after their evidence given upon the issue, ought to be kept together in some convenient place, without meat or drink, fire, or candle, and without speech with any, unless it be the bailiff, and with him only if they be agreed.

But, with the assent of the justices, they may both eat and drink; and if they cannot agree, the justices may, in such case, suffer the jury to have both meat and drink for a time, to fee whether they will agree. But if the case so happen, that the jury can in no wife agree, the justices (as it seemeth), in such case, may take such order in the matter, as shall seem to them, by their discretion, to (land with reason and conscience, by awarding a new inquest, or otherwise, as they shall think bell.

If a man assault or threaten a juror, for giving a verdict against him, he is highly punishable by fine and imprisoo-mqnt; and if he strikes him in the court, in the presence of the judge of assize, he shall lose his hand, and his goods, and profits of his lands during life, and suffer perpetual imprisonment.

In causes of nife frius, every person whose name shall be drawn, and who shall not appear, after being openly called three times, shall, on oath made of his having been lawfully summoned, forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. unless some reasonable cause of absence be proved, by oath or affidavit, to the satisfaction of the judge.

If the grand jury, at the assizes or sessions, will not find a bill, the court may impanel another inquest to enquire of their concealments, and thereupon set fines upon them. /

d

r Jurors. 135

If a jury give a verdict against all reason, convi£ling or ac- H. H, 309, quitting a person indicted of felony, what shall be done? If -3,0\ . the jury convict a man, against or without evidence, and pc/verdia!0* against: the direction of the court, the court may reprieve him before judgment, and acquaint the king, and certify for his pardon : If the jury acquit him in like manner, the court may fend them back again (and so in the former case) to consider better of it, before they record the verdict; but if they are Must be re-peremptory in it, and Hand to their verdict, the court must corded, take their verdict and record it.

Justices of the Peace

ARE judges of record, appointed by the king, to be justices within certain limits, for the conservation of the peace, and for the execution of divers things comprehended within their commission, and within divers statutes committed to their charge.

And a record or memorial, made by a justice of the peace, of things done before him judicially in the execution of his office, shall be of such credit, that it shall not be gainsaid.

In ancient times, such officers or ministers as were instituted, either for preservation of the peace of the county, or for execution of justice, were, by force of the king's writ in every several county, chosen in full or open court by the freeholders of that county.

Besides these conservators of the peace properly so called, there were and are other conservators of the peace by virtue of certain offices, viz. (1.) The lord chancellor, and every justice of the king's bench, throughout all the realm. (2.) Every court of record within its own precinct. (3.) Every justice of the peace. (4.) Every sheriff. (5.) Every coroner. And (6 ) every high and petty constable.

There were also other conservators of the peace by tenure ; who held lands of the king by this service; and other conservators of the peace by prescription.

The general duty of the conservators of the peace by the common law, is to employ their own, and to command the help of others, to arrest and pacify all such who, in their presence, and within their jurisdiction and limits, by word or deed, shall go about to break the peace. And if the conservators of the peace have committed or bound over any offenders, they are then to send to, or be present at, the next sessions of the peace, or gaol delivery, there to object against them.

Justices of the peace at this day are of three forts; 1. By act of parliament; as the bishop of Ely and his successors, and the archbifhqp of York, and bishop of Durham. 2. By charter,

Hh 2

Dale c. 2. Judges of record.

Lamb. 63.

Not to be gain* said.

a Inji. 558.

How formerly chosen.

a Haw. 33. Other conservators of the peace.

Id.

By tenure and by prescription.

Dak. c. i. Their duty.

27 H. 8. c. 24. Justices, how appointed.

136

i8 G. 2. <* 20. Justice's qualification.

Justice's oath of qualification.

1

Penalty for acting unqualified.

1 M jejp. 2.

e. 8.

Sheriff not to act as justice.

haw, 40. Justice*' jurisdiction.

Justices of the Peace.

ter, or grant made by the king under the great seal; as mayors and the chief officers in divers corporate towns. 3. By com-xniffion.

No person shall be capable of beingorading a sa justice of the peace, who shall not have in law or equity, for his own use,in poflession, a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for life, or M for some greater estate, or an estate for some long term of years, determinable upon one or more lives, or for a certain term originally created for twenty-one years, or more, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England or Wales, of the clear yearly value of tool, above what will discharge all in-cumbrances affecting the same, and all rents and charges pay- d able out of the same; or who shall not be entitled to the im- I

mediate reversion or remainder of lands leased for one, two, *

or three lives, or for any term of years determinable on the death of one, two, or three lives, upon reserved rents of the clear yearly value of 300I.

Every justice of the peace, before he ad's, at the sessions of the county where he intends to ad, shall take and subscribe the oath following : I A. B. do fvaear, that 1 truly and bona fide have such an estate, in la*w or equity, to and for my onjun uje 1 and benefit, conjifting of- — (specifying the nature of such estate, whether messuage, land , rent, tythe, office, benefice, or what -else) as doth qualify me to act as a justice of the peace for the county,

riding, or diajijion of-, according to the true intent and mean-

ing of an act of parliament made in the 18 thyear of the reign of his majesty king George the fee ond, entitledan act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, an act for the further qualification of justices of the peace ; and that the same (except where it consists of an office, benefice, or ecclesiastical preferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and usual names) is lying or being, or issuing out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

being ^within the parish, tonxnship, or precincts of --, in the I

county of ----- , or in the federal counties of — — (as the case 1

may be.)

Which oath taken and subscribed, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace among the records of the sessions.

And if any person shall act as justice, without having taken \i and subscribed the said oath, or without being qualified as above, he shall, for every offence, forfeit iool. half to the poor of the parish in which he most usually resides, and half to l him who shall sue, with full costs. The prosecution to be in six months*

No sheriff shall exercise the office of a justice of the peace, during the time that he acts as sheriff.

Justices of the peace have jurisdiction of all inferior crimes within their commission, whether such crimes be mentioned in any statute concerning them or not; for all such crimes are either directly, or at Jeaft by consequence and judgment of \ law, against the peace.

The

v

iT

137

Justices of the-Peace.

The Justice of the Peace, his Oath of Office.

*< YE shall (wear, that as justice of the peace in the county of M. in all articles in the king's commission to you directed, you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, wit, and power, and after the laws and customs of the realm, and statutes thereof made: And ye shall not be of counsel of any quarrel hanging before you : And that ye hold your sessions after the form of the statutes thereof made : And the issues, fines, and amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and all forfeitures which shall fall before you, ye shall cause to be made without any concealment (or embezzling), and truly fend them to the king's exchequer. Ye shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly ye shall do your office of justice of the peace in that behalf: And you shall take nothing for your office of justice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and costs limited by statute. And ye shall not dirett, nor cause to be directed, any warrant (by you to be made) to the parties, but ye shall direct them to the bailiff of the said county, or other the king's officers or ministers, or other indifferent persons, to do execution thereof. So help you God."

The justices, at Midsummer sessions 1753, shall settle a table of their clerk's fees ; which, being approved by the justices at the next succeeding sessions, with such alterations as the justices there shall think proper, shall be laid before the judges at the next assizes, who shall confirm the same with such alterations, additions, or abatements, as to them shall appear just and reasonable: And the sessions, from time to time, may make any other table of fees, and after the same shall have been approved by the next succeeding sessions, shall lay the same before the judges at the next assizes, who may ratify the same in like manner: And no table of fees shall be valid, until confirmed by the judges. And if, after three months from the time that such table shall be confirmed, any justice's clerk shall demand or take any other or greater fee than shall have been so confirmed, he shall forfeit zol. to him who shall sue in three months. The said table of fees shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace, who shall cause true copies thereof to be kept constantly in a conspicuous part of the room where the sessions are held, on pain of 10I.

In Middlesex, the like table shall be confirmed by the two lords chief justices, and the lord chief baron, or any two of them.

Regularly, justices of the peace ought not to execute their office, in their own case; but cause the offenders to be convened or carried before some other justice, or desire the aid of some other justice being prefenc. - \

*6 G. 7.. e. 14* Table oi fees.

to be confirmer! by the judges.

Penalty for non-compliance. Copy in fsfiion house.

17 C. 2. f. 16. How confirmed in Middlesex.

Dak. c. 175. Just;ce not in his 0*11 ca:c.

i38

Cro. Ctr. 394. Con (table's coo du£t.

*4 G. 2. c. 44* Copy of his warrant.

I Salk. i8r* Offender to be summoned.

Halt. c. 115. Record to be n»a<le.

Fine to be (heated, and sent into the exchequer.

Halt e. 173. Statutes at large*

Justice's protection.

Not to be bufed.

% Hanv. 8 c;. how punishable

J. e. 5.

Just ice's de^ . ence.

54 G. c. 44.

Notice given him.

Justices of the Peace.

If a justice exceed his authority, in granting a warrant, yet the officer mull execute it, and is indemnified for so doing; but if it be a case wherein he hath no jurisdiction, or in a matter whereof he hath no cognizafice, the officer ought not to execute such warrant; so that the officer is bound to take notice of the authority and jurisdiction of the justice.

If the officer, in six days after demand, shall grant to the party complaining a perusal and copy of the warrant, he shall not be liable to any action, but the justice only.

In summary convidlions, the party ought to be heard, and, for that purpose, ought to be summoned in fact; and if the justice proceed against a person without summoning him, it would be a misdemeanor in him, for which an information would lie.

In all cases where justices may hear and determine out of sessions (viz. on their own view, or confession, or oath of witnesses), the justices ought to make a record, in writing under their hands, of all the matters and proofs; which record, notwithstanding, in many cases they may keep by them. And if, upon such conviction, the offender is to be fined to the king, then the justices are to eflreat such fine, and to fend the estreat into the exchequer, whereby the barons of the exchequer may cause the said fine or forfeiture to be levied for the king's use.

Forasmuch as most of the business of a justice of the peace consisteth in the execution of divers statutes, which cannot be sufficiently abridged, but that they will come short of the fub-stance and body thereof, therefore it shall be safest for the justices to have an eye to the statutes at large, and thereby to take their further and better directions, for their whole proceedings.

A justice of the peace is strongly protedled by the law, in the just execution of his office.

Thus, in the first place, he is not to be slandered or abused.

In the next place, he is not punishable at the suit of the party, but only at the suit of the king, for what he doth as ' judge, in matters which he hath power by law to hear and determine without the concurrence of any other; but in cases wherein he proceeds ministerially, rather than judicially, if he act corruptly, he is liable to an action at the suit of the party, as well as to an information at the suit of the king.

In the next place, if any action shall be brought against a justice for any thing done by virtue of his office, he may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence ; and if he recover, he shall have double costs.

No writ shall be sued out against, or copy of any process, at the suit of a subject, shall be served on any justice, for any thing done by him in the execution of his office, until notice in writing shall have been given to him, or left at his usual place of abode, by the attorney for the party, one month before the suing out, or serving the same; containing the cause of

'PUBLIC LIBRAF

Justices of the Peace.

of action, and indorsed with, his name and place of abode; for which he shall be entitled to a fee of 20s. and no more. — And the justice may, at any time, within one month after such notice, tender amends to the party complaining, or to his attorney; and if the same is not accepted, he may plead such tender in bar to the action, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, upon i/rue joined, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall give a verdict for the defendant.

If a justice will not, on complaint to him made, execute his office, or shall misbehave in his office, the party grieved may move the court of king's bench for an information, and afterwards may apply to the court of chancery to put him out of the commission.

5

Justices in the Country.

FROM and after the passing of this act, any justice or justices of the peace, acting as such for any two or more counties being adjoining counties, may ad as a justice or justices of the peace in all matters and things whatsoever, relating to any or either of the said counties, and all acts of such justice or justices of the peace, and of any constable or other officer in obedience thereto, shall be as valid, good, and effectual, as if such ad had been done in the county or counties to which such act or acts more particularly relate ; and all constables and other officers of the said county or counties to which such act or acts relate, are hereby required to obey the warrants of such justice or justices; Provided, that such justice or justices be personally resident in one of the said counties, at the time of doing such act or acts: And provided, that the warrants, orders, or directions, so to be given and granted, be directed and given in the first instance to the constable or other officer of the county to which the same more particularly relate.

It shall be lawful for any constable, or other peace officer, to convey and take any person or persons apprehended or taken into custody, to any justice or justices of the peace acting for the said county, and resident in such adjoining county as aforesaid ; and in all cases, so to act as if the said justice or justices of the peace was or were resident within the said county to which they respectively belong.

Sheriffs, and their officers, may convey offenders through adjoining counties, to the gaol of the county wherein the offence was committed.

Justices for counties at large may ad within any city being a county of itself, situate therein or adjoining to such county:

Provided

*39

Cram, 7. Amends to be tendered.

Justice refuting, or miihehaviag.

28 G. 3. c, 49. Justices for two adjoining counties may act for either.

Mud be resident in one of them.

28 G. 3. c* 49*

Prifcner mav ce taken into the adjoining county.

Sheriff and

County justice* power in cities, ' &c.

140

33 G. 3- ' 5S*

J unices, may line constables, &c.

Application of

fines.

For want of distress. offenders may be committed.

Power of appeal to the quarter-sessions.

No personsto be deemed trespal-fers on account of irregularity in proceedings,

&C.

1 - /

Justices in the Country.

Provided always, that nothing in this act shall extend to give power to the justices of the peace for any county at large, not being justices for such city town, or other precinct, or any constable or other officer acting under them, to ad or intermeddle in any matters or things arising within any such city, town, or precind, in any manner whatsoever.

By this act, two or more justices may impose fines upon constables, overseers, and other parish officers, &c. for neglect of duty; and on mailers for ill usage of apprentices, provided that not more than the sum of ten pounds be paid upon the binding of such apprentice, such constable, overseer, or other officer, mailer or mistress, having been duly summoned to appear and answer such charge or complaint, the fine or fines so imposed, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, upon such constable, overseer, or other officer, mailer or mistress respectively ; by warrant tinder the hands and seals of any two or more of such justices assembled, at any special or petty sessions, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending, rendering the overplus (if any) after deduding the amount of such fine or fines, and the charges of such distress and sale, to such offender or offenders; and, for want of such distress, such person or persons shall be committed to the house of correction for any space of time not exceeding ten days ; such fine or fines asmay be imposed upon any such constable, overseer, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of for the relief of the poor of the parish, township, or place, where the offenders shall respectively reside, at the discretion of the justices imposing the same; and such fine or fines, as may be imposed upon any such maf-ter or mistress, shall, at the discretion of the justices imposing the same, be either so applied and disposed of as aforesaid, of be otherwise paid and applied to or for the use and benefit of such apprentice, for or towards a recompence or compensation for the injury which may have been by him or her fullained by reason of such ill usage.

If any person shall be aggrieved by the im of such fine or fines as aforesaid, or by any order or warrant of distress for raising and levying the same, or by the judgment or deters mination of the said justices, or by any act to be done in the execution of such warrant of distress, such person or persons so aggrieved shall and may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, &c. within which such person shall reside; of which appeal ten days notice at the lead shall be given.

No person, acting under any such warrant of distress as aforesaid, shall be deemed a trespasser ab initio, by reason of any irregularity or informality in such Warrant, or in any proceedings thereon ; but any person aggrieved, by the issuing of execution of such warrant, may recover the special damages thereby by him or her fullained, in an action of trespass, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

Where

LIBR/

- ffl 'CAmIi

1

Justices in the Country.

241

Where any penalty, forfeiture, fine, or other money, may. Extent of jorif-by the warrant of any justice or justices of the peace, be direc- of J«r-

ted to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons, if sufficient distress cannot be found within the limits of the jurisdiction of the justice granting such warrant of distress, on oath thereof made by one witness, before any justice of the peace of any other county, riding, division, &c. which oath shall be by him certified by indorsement on such warrant, such penalty, forfeiture, fine, &c. or so much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such warrant and indorsement, be raised and levied by the person or persons to whom such warrant of distress shall have been originally directed, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, in such other county, riding, division, &c.; and the money arising by such distress and sale., shall be applied and disposed of for f uch purposes, and in like manner, as if sufficient goods and chattels of such person or persons had been found within the jurisdiction of the magistrate originally granting such warrant; and if no such distress can be found, such offender or offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded against according to law. —

No justice, who shall indorse any certificate upon, br authorize Justices indorf-the execution of any such warrant of distress, which may not »"g not answer-have been granted within his jurisdiction, shall be answerable aWc* or accountable for any irregularity which may have been committed or done in or about the obtaining or granting of such warrant of distress*

Land-Tax,

Carried into Execution by Commissioners,

Justices not, as such, Concerned in it.

NO person shall be capable to act as commissioner in any Qualification of county or riding at large (the counties of Merioneth, comraiflioner*. Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Monmouth, fexcepted), unless he be feifced of lands, tenements, &c. which were taxed, or did pay, in the year next before* for the value of idol, a year of His owii estate.

But this shall not extend to of being inhabitants Exception!, of cities, boroughs, towns corporate; or cinque ports, or the inns of court or chancery.

No attorney or solicitor, or person practising as such, shall act as commissionef, without having iool. a year as above;

I i nor

I

242

Receiver not to act as a

comnaissioner.

Who to act in cl ties.

Oaths to be taken.

When to meet.

Number to be appointed.

Sums, bow charged.

Abatement of quota.

Precepts to assessors.

Within city limits, &c.

A fife (Tor not appearing.

Charge to assessors.

Land-Tax.

» .

nor shall any receiver-general, or collector of any aid granted to his majesty, aft as commifEoner.

If there is not a sufficient number of qualified of within any city or place for which of are particularly appointed, the of of the county may aft therein.

No commissioner shall act, until he hath taken the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, which shall be administered to him by two or more of, on pain of 200I. to the king.

They shall meet at the most usual and common places of meeting, on or before April 30.

At which first meeting, three or more shall be appointed for each division; but this shall not redrain any of from acting in any other part of the county; and they shall set down in writing, who, and what number of the of shall act in each division, and shall deliver a copy thereof to the receiver-general.

The of, at such first meeting, shall set down in writing the sums to be charged on each division, in proportion to the sums which were assessed thereon by the land-tax aft, in the fourth year of the reign of JV.& M.

Where the proportion upon any division shall exceed 4s. in the pound, two or more of may certify the feme to the barons of the exchequer, who may order so much of the proportion, upon such division, to be abated as exceeds the full sum of 4s. in the pound, upon the estates therein.

At the feme meeting, two or more of shall dirett their several or joint precepts to such inhabitants, high con-dables, petty constables, and others, as they shall think most convenient, to be presentors and assessors, requiring them to appear before the said of, at such time and place, not exceeding eight days after the date of such precept, as they shall appoint.

But no person in a city, borough, or town corporate, shall be compelled to be an assessor or collector out of the limits thereof.

An assessor not appearing, without lawful excuse to be made on the oath of two witnesses; or appearing, and refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the king, not more than 5I. nor less than 40s.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read, to the assessors, the several rates, duties, and charges, and declare how and in what manner they ought to make their af-ieflments, and how to proceed in the execution of the act, viz. to charge all manors, lands, tenements, mines, quarries, Sec, iron mills, furnaces, &c. felt springs, felt works, alum mines, &c. parks, chaces. Sec. fishings, tythes, tolls. Sec. with equality and indifference; deducting rent charges and annuities, out of such lands, where they amount to 20s. per annum, or more.

The

t\

k

a

0

I

ii

h

n

‘i

i

NE

I I 1 .___l


r

Land-Tax.

243

*The of shall assess the assessors.

Every person, whether he hath a certain place of re/idence or not, shall be rated for his personal estate, at the place where he is resident at the time of the execution of the act : And if he is out of the realm at the time of the assessment, he shall be rated at the place where he was last abiding in the realm.

All housholders shall, on demand of the assessors, give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as shall so-journ and lodge in their houses; on pain of 5I. to be recovered as the other penalties.

In a city or town corporate, persons having their house in one parish or ward, and goods in another, shall be assessed for the whole where they inhabit. But if a person hath goods in any other county than where he is resident, or had his last: re-fidence, he may be assessed for such goods in the county where they are.

Members of parliament shall be assessed for their personal estate, at their mansion-houses, or places where they most usually reside during the interval of parliament.

Officers shall pay for the profits of their offices or employments, where the office is executed, and not where the salary is payable; but all other pensions, stipends, and annuities, (not charged upon lands) shall be assessed where they are payable.

By the 32d G. 2. c. 33, relating to the duty upon offices, it is provided, that in all future assessments to the land-tax, such offices shall not be assessed at an higher rate to the land-tax, than they were in the year 1758.

If a person, having two places of residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any personal estate, office, or otherwise; then on certificate of two of for the place of his last: personal residence, under hand and seal, of the sum charged upon him there, and on oath made of such certificate before a justice of the place where the certificate shall be made, the person so doubly charged shall be discharged elfeT where.

If any person, who ought to be taxed for his personal ellate, shall, by changing his place of residence, or by any other fraud, escape from the taxation, and the same be proved before two of or one justice where such person resides, within one year after such tax made, he shall pay treble, to be levied on his lands and goods, on certificate thereof made into the exchequer by such justice or of t Every person shall be assessed for lands where they lie, and not elsewhere. And such tax shall be paid by the tenant, who shall dcduft it out of his rent: And if any difference shall arise between landlord and tenant, the of, or two of them, shall settle the same. The tax on foreign min'ilters* houses shall be paid by the landlord. f Every papist, or repined papist:, being l8 years of age, and upwards, who shall not have taken the oaths of allegiance and

I i z supremacy,

i

Assessors, how assessed* Persons, where rated.

Lodgers to be rated.

Persons rated, where they dwell.

Or where their goods are.

Members of parliament at their manfton-houses.

Other payments, where made.

Limited tax.

Person doubly charged.

Fraudulent eva* fion.i

Lands, where assessed.

Papist, double tax.

244

I

Land-Tax,

Refuting to take the oathe, double.

Quakers fub-f<jnbe.

AssessTmenti in writing.

A He (Tor refusing.

Colle^ors

named.

Duplicates

signed.

Notice to be «iven.

Appellant to 8*ve notice.

Supremacy, as directed by i JV. c. 8, shall pay double; unless he take the said oaths, before twtfc of, in ten days a after the first meeting. ^ ~ i

Also every person (whether papist or not), being 18 years i old and upwards, and not having taken the said oaths, and i upon summons under hand and seal of two of, re- i fusing to take them, or neglecting to appear, shall pay double j in )ike manner. I

But quakers refusing to take the oaths, shall not pay double, i if they shall make and subscribe the declaration of fidelity in theaCl of i PT. c. 18. j i

After the charge given, the of shall appoint a |i day and place for the aflfeflors to appear before them, and to ! bring in assessments in writing

The assessor, after he is appointed, neglecting or refusing to serve, or not appearing at the third meeting, without lawful j excuse, to be proved on oath of two witnesses, or not perform- |i ing his duty, shall forfeit to the king any sura not exceeding j 40I. to be levied as the rates, and charged to the receiver-ge- j neral.

The assessors shall deliver two duplicates of the assessment in j writing, signed by them, to the of And shall 1 then also return the names of two or more able and sufficient persons, living within the places where they shall be charge- I* able respectively, to be collectors; for whom the parish or place shall be answerable.

Then three or more of shall sign and seal two > duplicates of the assessments, and deliver one of them to the U collectors (whom they shall nominate and appoint), with warrant to the said collector to collect the same. And they shall } at the same time give notice, at what time and place appeals ij may be heard and determined ; which shall be at lead 30 days u from the time of signing and sealing, and delivering the du- } plicate to the collectors.

livery collector shall, within ten days after the receipt of the , duplicates, cause public notice to be given in every parish church or chapel within his district, immediately after divine , service on the Lord's day, of the time and place so appointed i by the of for hearing and determining appeals: — And shall also, on the same day, cause the like notices to be ; fixed in writing on the door of such church or chapel.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give notice thereof ^ in writing to one or more assessors, that they may attend, if L they think fit, to justify the assessment. In case of any con- L troversy which concerns any commissioner, such comroiflioner . shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until it be determined ; <

on pain of any sum not exceeding 20I. to be levied and paid as ^ the other fines. Appeals once heard and determined on the ^ appeal-day shall be final. L

The

Land-Tax.

245

The collectors shall make demand of the parties themselves Collector'*

If they can be found, or else at the place of their last abode, or Power* upon the premises charged. And if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay to the collector on demand, he may levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of the person so neglecting or refuting. And the distress so taken, may be kept for four days, at the charges of the owner; and if not paid in four days, then the distress shall be appraised by two inhabitants or other sufficient persons, and sold by the collector, returning the overplus immediately (if any be), over and above the tax, ^ and charge of taking and keeping the distress. If any difference shall arise upon taking the distress, the same shall be determined and ended by two of.

If any person shall refuse or neglect to pay, for ten days after Conveying demand, or shall convey his goods away, so that distress cannot goodsav/ay. be made, he shall be committed (unless he is a peer) by warrant of two of to the common gaol, until payment of the money assessed, and of the charges for bringing in the same.

Arrears may be levied by the present of, in the Arrears levied, same manner as the present tax. And where lands or houses are unoccupied, and no distress can be found thereon, the collectors for the time being may distrain at any time after; and shall distribute the money to those who contributed to make it up.

The collector shall pay the money received to the receiver- Payment quar. general or his deputy, quarterly; but shall not be obliged to teily. travel above ten miles from his usual place of abode.

At every time and place appointed by the of for Lift of money the collectors to pay the money to the receiver-general, he rcce,vcd* shall deliver a list of the money received by him, to such person as two or more of shall, under their hands, appoint; on pain of forfeiting a sum not exceeding 20I. to be paid into the exchequer, as the fines on assessors and collectors. The collectors shall have 3d. in the pound, for collec- Collector's »L ting and giving receipts, which they may detain out of the low*ntc* last payment. If the collector shall keep in his hands any part of the money by him collected, longer than the time limited, or shall pay any part of it to any other person than to the re- Notpayingho* ceiver-general, or his deputy, he shall forfeit 40I. If any dealt with, collector shall refuse or neglect to pay any sum by him received, and shall not pay the same as the act directs, two of may imprison him, and may seize all estates to him belonging, or which shall come to his heirs, executors, or administrators. Which said of may appoint a general meeting of the of, and shall give public notice thereof at least six days before ; and the of, at such general meeting, may fell such estates, or any part thereof, for payment.

The

' unyindi iicmti

246

Collectors mafe. icg default.

Receiver's duty

When the hundred rray be lucd.

Daolicate of sum assessed.

Double taxes iet down.

Duplicate to the clerk of the peace*

Clerk's fees.

Clerks dying.

Land-Tax.

The of, at any general meeting, may summon collectors who have fraudulently converted land-tax money to their own use, and cause them to pay the same, to make up the deficiency, if there is any in that place; and if there is no deficiency, then todischarge so much of the proportion charged on such place, as that money doth amount to: And if such collector shall negleCfc or refuse so to pay, the of may imprison him, and seize and fell his eflatefor payment. If through wilfulness, neglect, mistake, or accident, the assessment shall not be paid to the receiver-general or his deputy, the same shall be re-assefTed upon such division. If the receiver-general shall return any persons in arrear who have paid, he shall forfeit treble damages to the party, and double the sum unjustly certified, to the king. No receiver shall return any place in arrear, after three years; but the same shall be a debt on him and his securities. No receiver-general, or any of his agents, shall maintain an action against the hundred, on account of being robbed in carrying the money ; unless they be together in company, and in number three at the least. The receiver-general, within twenty days after receipt, shall pay the money into the exchequer. Which, if he shall pay otherwise than into the exchequer, or not within the time limited ; he shall forfeit 500b to him who shall sue.

The of, on or before August 8, or in twenty days after (all appeals being first determined), shall cause to be delivered to the receiver-general, or his deputy, a schedule or duplicate in parchment under their hands and seals, containing the whole sum assessed upon each parish or place ; and shall transmit a like schedule or duplicate into the king's remembrancer's office in the exchequer; for which the remembrancer, or his deputy, shall give a receipt gratis, on pain of 1 ol. The of shall distinguish and set down the gross sum charged in any division for double taxes, that it may be known how much the double taxes amount to in such division. By the 18 G. 2. c. 18, which requires that no person shall vote in the election of a knight of a shire, for any lands which have not been assessed to the land-tax for twelve calendar months next before, it is enacted, that the of, or three of them, shall sign and seal a duplicate of the copies of the assessments to be delivered to them by the assessors, after all appeals determined, and cause the same to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongst the records, and inspected by any person without fee.

The of clerks, for their trouble in writing the assessments, duplicates, and copies, and all warrants, orders, and instruttions relating thereto, shall have ifd. in the pound, to be paid by the receiver-general, according to the warrant of two of.

On the death or removal of the of clerks, such clerks so removed, or the executors or administrators of such

clerk

b

NEW

247

Land-Tax.

clerk dying, shall, within one calendar month after notice in writing, signed by three or more of, or a true copy thereof given or left at the usual place of abode of such person or persons, deliver up all books and papers to such person or persons as the said of shall, by such notice, appoint; on pain of 50I. with full cods; half to the receiver-general in aid of the land-tax, and half to him who shall sue.

If any assessor, collector, or other person, shall wilfully ne-gledt or refuse to perform his duty, or shall be guilty of fraud or abuse, three or more of may fine him, not exceeding 40I. which shall not be taken off, but by a majority of the of who imposed it; to be levied by warrant of the said of, by distress and sale; in default of distress (if not a peer), to be committed to prison by two of till payment. And all fines shall be paid to the receiver-general, and paid by him into the exchequer, and shall be inferred in the duplicates to be transmitted into the office of the king's remembrancer.

Larceny

COMES from iatrociniumy latrociny ; and, by contraction, or rather abuse, larceny.

Grand larceny is a felonious and fraudulent taking, and carrying away, by any person, of the mere personal goods of another, above the value of I2d.

Ajuilice of the peace, before whom an offender shall be brought for petty larceny out of sessions, may not punish the said offender by his discretion, and so let him go; but mull have him committed or bailed, to the intent he may come to his trial, as in cases of other felonies: And if, upon his trial, the jury shall find the goods (lolen to exceed izd. in value, the offender shall have judgment to die for the fault.

All petty larceny is felony, and consequently requires the wordfetyniously in an indidfcment for it; yet it is certain, that it is not punishable with the loss of life or lands, but only with the forfeiture of goods, and whipping, transportation, or other corporal punishment.

If the goods are taken from a man's person, and if it is attended with putting him in fear, it is called robbery : if it is without putting him in fear, then it is called barely larceny from the person.

If it is done privily without his knowledge, by picking of pockets, or otherwise, it is excluded from the benefit of clergy by the 8 EL c. 4. (that is, if the thing (lolen be above the value of 12d.)

If it is done openly and avowedly before his face, it is within the benefit of clergy, except where it is committed in a dwelling-

Assessors, &c. how punished.

Fines, to whom

paid.

3 Injl. 107. Wnence derived.

I Haw. 89. Grand larceny.

Dalt. e. 154. Justice's duty.

1 Haw. 95. Petty larceny, how far puuiih. able.

Id.

When robbery*

Pickingpockets,

1 Haw. 97, If open and avowed.

248

Larceny.

3 XP.e.9.

House robbing by day, if any person be in it.

39 El. e. 15.

If no person be In the houie.

I H. H 548.

Actual breaking.

12 An. ft. I* e. 7.

Stealing 40s.

1 Ed. 6. f. T2. House breaking in the day.

1 H. H 548. to commit fe -lony.

Entering coach-house, &c.

lofif 11 fT-

c. 23.

Reward for apprehending.

Virtue of certificate.

5 An. c. 31. 40I* reward.

ling-house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, to the value of 40s. from which the benefit of clergy is taken away.

Every person that shall feloniously take away any goods, being in a dwelling-house, any person being therein, and put in fear, or shall rob any dwelling-house in the day time, any person being therein, he, his comforters and abettors, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall be convicted of feloniously taking away in the day time any money or goods of the value of 5s. from any dwelling-house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, and used to and with thq same, although no person be therein, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

This requires an actual breaking, and not entering by the doors being open.

Every person that shall feloniously (leal any money, goods, or merchandizes, to the value of 40s. being in any dwelling-house or, outhouse thereunto belonging, although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein, shall be guilty of fe-ony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall be convicted of breaking any house in the day time, any pferson being therein, and put in fear, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

But it requires not only an actual breaking, and puttipg in fear, but also an entry with an intent to commit felony, and is so to be laid in the indictment.

Every person that shall, by night or by day, in any (hop, warehouse, coach-house, or liable, privately and feloniously (leal any goods, wares, or merchandizes, to the value of 5s. although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein* shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall apprehend any one guilty of breaking open houses in a felonious manner; or of privately and feloniously dealing goods, wares, or merchandizes, of the value of 5s. in any (hop, warehouse, coach-house, or dable, though they be not broken open, and although no person be therein to be put in fear, and shall prosecute him to conviction, shall h^ve a certificate without fee, under the hand of the judge, judice, or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, certifying such conviction, and within what parish or place the felony was committed, and also that such felon was discovered and taken, or discovered or taken, by the person so discoveringor apprehending; which certificate may be divided into shares, if the judges think fit: And the said certificate may be once assigned over, and no more ; and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall, by virtde thereof, be discharged from all manner of paridi and ward offices, within the parish or ward where the felony was committed.

And, on tender of such certificate to the sheriff, arid demand made, he shall pay to the person, so entitled, the sum of 40I. without fee, within one month after such tender and demand; on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

And

Larceny.

2 49

And if any watchman, or other person, be killed in endeavouring to apprehend any such houiebreaker, his executors or administrators shall have a certificate delivered under the hand and seal of the judge, or of the two next justices, of such person being so killed ; which certificate they shall, upon fuf* ficient proof before them made, give without fee; whereupon such executor or administrator shall be entitled to receive the like sum of 40I. in like manner.

And moreover, if any person being out of prison, shall commit any such housebreaking in the day time as aforesaid, and afterwards discover two or more the like offenders, so as they be convicted, he shall have the like reward and allowance of 40I. and also all other advantages which are given to persons who shall apprehend and convict any the like offenders; and shall also have the king's pardon for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Persons found guilty of robbing any person in any booth or tent, in any fair or market, the owner, his wife, children, or servants being within, shall suffer as felons without benefit of clergy.

All perfous who shall feloniously (leal any goods or merchandize of the value of 40s. upon any navigable river, or from off any wharf or quay adjacent, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

It shall be felony without benefit of clergy, to (leal goods to the value of 40s. out of an house, though the houie be not broken open ; but this shall not extend to apprentices under 15 years of age.

If any person shall buy or receive any (lolen goods, knowing the same to be (lolen ; he shall be deemed an accessary af* ter thefadl, and suffer accordingly.

If any person shall buy or receive any (lolen goods, knowing them to be (lolen, or shall receive, harbour, or conceal any felons or thieves, knowing them to be so, he shall be deemed accessary to the felony, and being convicted on the testimony of one witness, shall suffer death as a felon comvidl.

Persons convicted of receiving or buying (tolen goods, knowing them to be (lolen, may be transported for 14 years.

Every person who shall privately buy or receive any (lolen leadr iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder, by suffering any door, window, or (hutterto be left open or unfailen; d, between sun-setting and sun-rising, for that purpose ; or shall buy or receive any of the same at any time in any clandestine manner, shall, on conviction by due course of law, although the principal felon hath not been convicted, be transported for 14 years.

Andone justice, on complaint on oath by any credible person, tha.£*here is cause to suspect that (lolen lead, iron, copper, biais, bell-metal, or folder, is concealed in any dwelling-

K k house.

5 An. e. 31* Wachmen's executors*

Id.

Discovery of two or more offenders*

5 Gf 6 Ed. 6. e. 9.

Robbing in a booth, Sec.

24 G 2. c. 45* or on any fiver. Sec.

MAn.fi, u c 2.

Exemption as to apprentices*

3 tV. c. 9* Receiving stolen goods.

$ An, f. 31*

Harbouring

thieves*

4 O. c. 11.

Receiver iranf-ported*

29 G. 2. d. 30* Lead, iron. Sec. received*

Search for lead. Sec.

25°

Larceny,

*9 Gmi. c. 30. Receiver, how punished.

Goods advertised.

Sold, if not owned.

Pawnbroker*!

duty.

Penalty for not securing of* fender.

Conviction certified.

house, or other place, may, by his warrant, cause such place to be searched in the day time : And if any of the same, suspected to be stolen, shall be found therein, may cause the same, and the person in whose house or other place the same shall be found, to be brought before two justices.

And if the person, so apprehended, shall not give an account to the satisfaction of such justices, how he came by the same, he shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall forfeit, for the (irft offence, 40s. for the second, 4I. and for every subsequent offence, 61. In which case, two justices may cause the said materials to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers for thirty days, and may order the said churchwardens or overseers, or one of them, in every parish within the bills of mortality, to insert an advertisement in some public paper; and elsewhere cause notice to be given by some public crier, and by fixing, on the church or chapel door, notice describing such materials, and where deposited: And if any person can prove his property thereto, upon oath, to the satisfaction of such two justices, they shall order restitution thereof to the owner, after paying reasonable charges. And if, at the end of the thirty days, no person shall prove his property thereto, the same shall be sold for the bed price that can rea-fonably be had ; and after deducting the charges, half of the money shall be given to the person apprehending, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or where the conviction shall be.

And every person to whom any of the same shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered (there being reasonable cause to suspect that the same was stolen), shall apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice (having it in his power so to do) the person so bringing or offering the same, together with the said materials: And if it shall appear upon the oath of one person, notwithstanding he was concerned in dealing the same, to the satisfaction of two justices, that there was reasonable cause to suspect that the same was stolen, and that the person to whom the same was brought or offered did not (having it in his power so to do) apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice, the person who brought or offered the same; then the person to whom the same was brought or offered, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor; and shall forfeit, for the first offence, 20s. for the second, 40s. and for every subsequent offence, 4I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the overseers, for the use of the poor where the offence was committed (if known), or otherwise, where the conviction shall be. And if no sufficient distress shall be found, then to be committed to the common gaol or other prison for one month for the first offence, for the second, and every subsequent offence, till discharged by orde'r of sessions.

The conviction to be on parchment, and to be certified to the next sessions, and there filed.

If

NEW

b>

Larceny.

251

If any person who shall offer by way of pawn, pledge, ex- 3° G change, or sale, any goods, shall not be able, or shall refuse to ^0unfp,^cdbeCr" give a satisfactory account of himself, or of the means by which feiacd*with he became possessed thereof, it shall be lawful to seize and de- goods, tain such person, and the said goods, and to deliver him as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of the constable or other peace officer, who shall immediately convey such person and the said goods before a justice; and if such justice shall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause to suspect that the said goods were llolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, he may commit him to safe custody for any time not exceeding six days, in order to be farther examined : And if, upon either of the said examinations, it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that the said goods were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, he shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be dealt with according to law. — See Pawnbrokers.

Leather,

ALL forfeitures by the act of 1 J. c. 22, not hereafter otherwise specially directed, shall be divided, one third to the king, one third to him that shall sue, and one third to the city, town, or lord of the liberty.

Any two justices near where the forfeitures on the said act shall be incurred, or offence committed, may hear and determine the same; and issue warrants for levying the penalties, and cause the distress to be sold, if not redeemed in six days. — And if either party is not satisfied with the judgment, he may appeal to the next sessions.

If any currier shall refuse to curry any leather brought or sent to him by any person dealing or working in leather, or shall neglect to curry the same in sixteen days, between Sept. 28, and March 25, and in eight days in the remaining part of the year, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit any sum not exceeding 5I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the poor. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

If any foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be imported, the same shall be forfeited, and may be searched for and seized by any officer of the customs or excise : And every person importing the same, or aiding therein, or being a vender or retailer of any kind of leather gloves or mitts, in whose pofiession any such foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be found; or who shall sell or expose the same to sale; or conceal the same with intent to prevent the forfeiture ; shall, over and above the forfeiture of the said goods, and all interest he may have therein, forfeit also 200I. wi^h double costs.

K k 2 If

Dlfifion of for* feitures.

9 An, c* 11. Before two justices.

J2 G, 2. c. 2st Currier refusing to curry leather,

forfeits 5!. Power of appeal.

6 G, 3. e. 19. Foreign gloves forfeited.

Retailer's penalty.

LIBR/

25 2

6 G. 3. e. 19. Two ju''ices out of the hills of mortality.

Id.

Informer In. dcmnified.

13 & 14 C. 2. c. 4.

Penalty, if un-licensed.

2 Hav). 64. Lewd persons to find sureties.

lVoodt (> 3. 3* Libel defined,

32 G 3* ( 60.

Leather.

If the seizure shall be out of the limits of the bills of roor. tality, and not exceed the value of 20I. two justices may hear and determine the said cauie of seizure of the said goods — Half the produce, arising by the sale, to go to the king, and half to the officer who shall seize and secure the same.

If any person, in whose possession such goods shall be found (such person not importing or concealing the lame),* shall discover upon oath, before one justice, the person who fold the same to him, so as such vender may be convicted, he shall be indemnified.

Le&urer.

LECTURERS in churches, unlicensed, and not conforming to the liturgy, shall be disabled, and shall also fuifer three months' imprisonment in the common gaol; and two justices (or the mayor in a town corporate) shall, upon certificate from the ordinary, commit them accordingly.

' \

Lewdness.

UPON information given to a constable, that a man and woman are in adultery or fornication together, or that a man and woman of evil report are gone to a fuipedled house together in the night, the officer may take company with him, and if he finds them so, he may carry them before a justice, to find sureties for their good behaviour,

0

Libel.

' r 9

A LIBEL is a malicious defamation of any person, expref. Xx. fed either in printing or writing, signs or pidiures, to af-perse the reputation of one that is alive, or the memory of one that is dead.

On every trial for making or publishing a libel, the jury sworn to try the issue may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty, upon the whole matter put in issue, and shall not be directed by the court or judge to find the defendant guilty, merely on the proof of publication of the paper charged to be a libel, and of the sense aferibed to the same in the indidiment or information. But the court or judge shall, according to discretion, give opinion and directions to the jury on the matter in ifTne, as in other criminal causes; the jury may find a special verdict; and if the jury shall find the defendant guilty, the defendant may move an arrest of judgment.

Licence

NEW

Jr

I

Licence for Spirituous Liquors.

T^ROM July 5, 1787, the following additional duties shall be paid on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, viz.

2

2

3

3

4 4 4

j. 8 16

4

12

o

8

16

If the rent of the retailer's houie. &c. be under 15I.

If 1 5I. and under 20I.

If 20I. and under 25I.

If 25I. and under 30I.

If 30I. and under 40I.

If 40I. and under 50I.

If 50I. or upwards.

Every person who shall take out such licence, shall immediately pay down one eighth part of the money to be paid for such licence, and shall, at the end of every six weeks, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another eighth part of the money, till the whole of the money for such licence shall be paid.

If any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise, or of such person or persons as they, or the major part of them, shall appoint; and the duties shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London ; but if not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and districts; and the said duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be granted: Within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of them, shall appoint; and the several duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh ; or if any such licence shall be taken out in Scotland without the said limits of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their ref-pective collections and districts; and the several duties for the same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted ; and such of of excise, or two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant such licences to the persons who shall apply for the same, upon payment of one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for the same.

No person shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors or Arong waters, unless such person or persons shall take out a fresh licence ten days at least before the expiration of jtwelve fnonths from the time of taking out such former licence: If any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, 1787, retail any distilled spirituous liquors or Arong w»:ers,

without

i

253

27 G, 3. f. 30.

I

Licence pild for by instalments.

By whom granted*

Renewed ten days before the end of the year*

1

254 ' Licence.

without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly; or if default shall be made in payment of any sum or sums of money hereby directed to be paid for any such licence, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of iool.

One licence shall be deemed sufficient for a partnership in one house, but no such licence shall authorise the sale of liquors in any other house than the one for which it was granted.

The duties imposed by this act are to be under the manage* ment of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively; and all the powers of any acts now in force, ie* lating to the revenues of excise, are to extend to this act.

The penalties of this act are to be recovered as those by other laws of excise; and one moiety shall be paid to his majesty, and the other to the informer who shall sue for the same.

The money arising from the duties here imposed is to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

Any action or suit against any person or persons, in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county: And if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue the action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him or her, Treble costs. then such defendant shall have treble costs awarded against such plaintiff.

»7 G. 3. e. 30# Penalty for nc-gled.

Licence for only ne house*

Who manage the duties.

Excise laws extend to vhis ad. Penalties applied.

Money, where paid.

Limitation of action*

29 G. 3. c. 63.

What persons exempt from further payments.

Penalty on un-licensed dealers.

Licences for Dealers in Brandy.

WHEREAS by an act made in the 27th year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, that, from and after July 5, 1789, there should be raised, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective sums in the said act mentioned, upon all licences to betaken out by all persons who shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors, or strong waters, within Great-Britain : It is hereby enacted, that persons who have taken out licences for retailing spirituous liquors, giving a month's no-, tice to the supervisor of excise, of their intention to leave off retailing such liquors, are not to be liable to the payment of any money imposed by the said act, after they shall have so left off; but no person shall be entitled to the re-payment of any sum actually paid.

From Od. 10, 1789, persons dealing in brandy without being licensed according to the ad 24 G. 3./. 2, c. 41, not being retailers, redifiers, or distillers, shall forfeit iool. for each and every offence.

Licence

I

by

NEW

Licence for retailing Wine and 255 Spirituous Liquors.

30 G. 3. c. 38, Allowance on taking new li-i cences.

Of whom to be had.

I!

1^

il

5 4 0

4 4 0

2 4 0

2 4 0

3 6 8

2 13 4

1 6 8

4 H 0

5 2 0

5 12 0

5 1I8 0

6 6 0

6 H 0

7 2 0

Rates of payment for licences.

FROM October 10, 1790, the recited duties under former atts to cease, except as to arrears and fines; and from that day licences granted to fell wine or spirits by retail, are to be void. Persons, whose licences shall be so voided, are to be allowed a rateable proportion for the time unexpired, on taking out new licences. From October io, 1790, retailers of wine and spirits, are to take out licences, if within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, or of such persons as they, or the major part of them, shall appoint for that purpose ; but if in any part of the kingdom of England, not within the said limits, under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and districts.

Persons applying for licences to pay as follows, viz.

jT» j. d %

For every licence to retail foreign wines in England, if the party has not a spirits* or beer licenCi, -And if the party has a beer licence, but not one for spirits, - - -

If he has also a spirits* licence.

For every licence to retail British-made wines in Great Britain, -

For every licence to retail foreign wines in Scotland, if the party has not a spirits* or beer licence.

If he has a beer licence, but not one for spirits.

If he has also a spirits* licence.

For every licence to retail spirits in Great Britain, if the party's house be rated under 15I.

If rated at 15I. and under 20I.

If at 20I. and under 25I.

If at 25I. and under 30I.

If at 30I. and under 40I.

If at 40I. and under 50I, - -

And if at 50I. or upwards, - -

The money for licences is to be paid within the limits of the Money, to chief office of excise in London, at the said chief office of ex- whom payable, cife ; and for licences taken out in any part of Great Britain, not within the said respective limits, to the respective collectors of excise granting such respective licences. Licences are to continue in force till October 10 ensuing the granting thereof ; and if granted between April 3, and October 10, a rateable proportion only is to be charged.

No person lhajf retail any foreign wine, or any British-made Penally on fel-wines or fwee'ts, or any diHilled spirituous liquors, or rtrogg ling without waters, after the expiration of such his or her licence, unless licence.

Fuch person shall take out a fresh licence for the like purpose,

' ten


256

30 G, 3. c. 38.

Executors may

Universities, Jtc. exempted*

Vintners.

St. Alban's*

To whom granted.

Who deemed retailers.

Fines, &c. how recovered and applied*

Former acts repeated.

Former acts in force.

Licence for retailing Wine and Spirituous Liquors.

ten days at lead before the expiration of such former licence, and so in like manner, from year to year 5 and if any person or persons shall retail any foreign wine, or any British-made wines orfweets, or any distilled spirituous liquors, or strong waters, without firth taking out a licence, and renewing the lame, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

On death or removal of licensed persons, the commissioners of excise, &c. may authorise the executors or assignees to carry on the trade for the remainder of the term. One licence shall be deemed sufficient for a partnership in one house. No licence shall authorise the sale of wine, &c. in any other house than that for which it was granted.

Nothing herein contained shall be prejudicial to the privileges of the two universities, in that part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the vintnei's company, nor any town corporate.

Only the freemen of the vintper's company by right of patrimony, or apprentice ship, shall be exempt from taking out a licence.

Letters patent for licensing taverns at St. Alban's, are confirmed by this act.

No licence to retail foreign wines, &c. shall be granted to any person or persons, except to such persons to whom a licence might lawfully be granted by the several acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act.

All and every person and persons, who shall fell, or expose to sale, any foreign wine, in any less quantity, than shall be equal to the measure or quantity, in which the same shall have been, or may be lawfully imported by way of merchandize, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of foreign wine within the meaning of this act.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, as any fine, &c. by any law or laws of exci(e ; and one moiety shall be to his Majesty* his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

From October 10, 1790, the acts, which authorize the com-xniflioner? of (lamps to grant licences; and which authorize the commissioners of excise to gi ant licences, are repealed.

The powers of former acts, relating to the retailing of wine, &c. (unless hereby altered) are to extend to this act ; and also the powers of 12 Car. 2, cap 24, or of any other act relating to the excise.

Linen

Gov

NEW J

riiiilMiViaifcr

Linen Cloth.

257

ANT person, native or foreigner, may, without paying any >5 G* e lS»* thing, in any place privileged or unprivileged, corporate °Pen to or not corporate, set up and exercise the occupation of making or whitening of thread; as also of spinning, weaving, making, whitening, or bleaching any cloth made of hemp or flax only. And all foreigners that shall use any of the trades Foreigner's pr!-aforesaid three years, shall (taking the oaths of allegiance and *ilege, respect fuprcmacy before two justices near unto their dwellings) enjoy in& iu privileges as natural born subjects.

If any person shall do any ad with any linen cloth, whereby 1 El. c. 12. it shall be made worse, the said cloth shall be forfeited, and Damaging it. the offender punished by one month's imprisonment at the lead, and pay such fines as the justices shall assess. And the judges of assize, and justices of the peace, or three of them,

(1 Q.) may hear and determine the same in their sessions, by

(information, indictment, or upon the traverse of any presentment or indictment found before them. And if any person shall seize any such deceitful linen cloth, he shall, at the next sessions, or before two justices (1 ^.) make due information of the offence and of thefeizure, or else shall procure the offender to be indicted at the next sessions; and shall also be bound. Offender in-by recognizance or obligation, to pursue the same with ef- dl^ed* fed, and to pay the moiety of what he shall recover, to the sheriff or other accountant to the use of the king; and the other half shall go to the informer or prosecutor. And the justices, before whom the offence shall be tried, shall certify the same by estreat into the exchequer yearly at Michaelmas* as they do other estreats.

If any person shall affi^counterfeit (lamps on cloth, he shall 17 G» 30.

forfeit 51, for each piece : And if any person shall expose, or stamP8*

: pack up for sale, any such linens, knowing them to be so

stamped, he shall forfeit the same, and also 5I. for each piece.

And one justice may convict the offender on the oath of one Id. witness, and may grant his warrant for distress and sale; and How punifized.

1 for want of sufficient distress, on oath by the person Executing I the warrant, may commit him to gaol for six months, unless it be paid sooner; which penalty shall go to the informer, de-

I duding 2s. in the pound to be paid to the constable who shall execute the warrant.

Whoever shall (leal any linen, callico, cotton, sustain, &d. 186.1. e. 27. exposed to be whitened, bleached, &c. to the value of ten Stealing linen shillings; or shall aid or hire any other to commit such of- ^-°0^nlJ1,eachln8 fences J or who shall buy or receive such goods, knowing them to be stolen, shall be declared, on being lawfully,convicted, guilty of felony, and shall suffer death.

No person shall wear any cambrick or French lawn, on pain 18 G. 2. c. 36. of 5I. to be paid to the informer, on conviction by oath of one Wearing cam-witness before one justice; who shall, on information on oath bnck* in six days after the offence is committed, summon the party,

L 1 and.

258

Seller liable*

Linen Cloth.

and, on his appearance, or contempt, proceed to examine the matter, and on due proof thereof made, either by confession tk or oath of one witness, hear and determine the iime, and jjsl cause the penalty to be levied by distress. The party aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, giving six days notice. 'jej

But if the wearer shall, on oath before a justice, discover ds the feller, he shall be discharged, and the feller only shall be liable*

Printed.Linens, &c.

15 c. J. c. 72. Undamped linens, &c«

searched for in the day time*

Forfeited, if found.

14. G. 3. c. 72. Foreign calicoes, how to be marked.

UPON oath made by any credible person or persons, that he, she, or they have reason to suspect or believe that any linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or British muslins, or fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, foreign muslins called coffaes, or other foreign muslins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for which a duty ought to have been paid or charged by this a£, are or shall be in the custody or possession of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons for the use or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for sale, without having thereupon such stamps or seals as are by this act required to denote the payment or charging the said duties thereupon; the ref-pedive of of excise, or Riy two of them, within their respective limits, or any two justices of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time may issue their respective warrants or orders, authorizing and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the assistance of a constable, or other officer of the peace, in the day time, to search for the same, and to open doors, chefls, &c. and to seize such linens, or stuffs described as above, and to bring them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be seized, and every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such commodities aforesaid, so found unstamped in the possession of such draper, trader, or dealer, for sale, or other person for the use of such draper, trader, or dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited.

All stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, commonly called or known by the name of calicoes, that have not three blue threads in each felvage, as directed by 14 G. 3. c. 72, shall be deemed to be foreign calicoes, and on their being printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, shall be stamped with the following words, viz, foreign calicoes for exportation ; drapers, &c* having in their pofiession such foreign calicoes un-0 damped.

21

Hi

1

n

n

LIBRa

r

Linen Cloth.

259

7a*

25 G 3. r. 72. Printer's name and place of abode.

Price marked

damped, See. or stuffs called British manufactory, withootthe 14G. 3.*. blue threads in the felvages, shall not only forfeit and lose the Penalty* said goods, or the value thereof, but shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds for every piece of such goods found in their custody or possession.

Every piece of fluff shall be marked before it is printed, &c. in words at length, with the name and place of abode of the owner or printer, and also the name of the goods which they are commonly called or known by, on pain of forfeiting the said goods, and the sum of ten pounds for every piece or remnant of such goods that shall be printed, llained, painted, or dyed (except those that are d;. ed throughout of one colour on* ly), without being so marked.

Linens or duffs, which are by this act made subject to 3 duty of one penny halfpenny per yard square, shall be marked at both ends with the name of the owner or printer, and quality of the goods, with the ready money price or value thereof, before the same shall be prefen ted to the officer appointed to j^bot^ndsT take an account thereof, to be- printed, llained, painted, or dyed ; and in case the owner is not the printer, he shall deliver a note to the printer, expressing the number of pieces, their quality and value as aforesaid, and the time when delivered to the printer; which note the said printer shall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the said linens and stuffs, before the same shall be printed, llained, painted, or dyed (except those that are to be dyed throughout of one colour only), on pain that every piece or remnant not so marked shall be forfeited, and the owner, or other person putting out or fending such piece not (o marked, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: Every printer, &c. being the owner, who pena^y fof ^ shall print, (lain, paint, or dye, any of the said linens pr gic$. duffs (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only), shall mark each piece or remnant, at both ends, with words at length, containing his or her name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods, with the ready money price or value thereof; on pain to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect, and also the said linens and stuffs not so marked, which may be seized by any officer of excise; and in case such owner, or other person, so putting out or fending any such linens or stuffs to be printed, llained, painted, or dyed, as aforesaid, if any such printer, (tainer, painter, or dyer, shall mark any piece or remnant of such linens or duffs at a price less than the real value, or ready money price, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge any frame-mark, to po ;n framt defraud his majesty of the duties, every person so offending ma7k.*

shall, for every such offence, so*rleit the sum of one hundred pounds.

L 1 2 The


26o

*5 <7. 3. e. ?». Duties 00 British silks.

Drawback of duties on bleaching*

14 G* 3. e. pi

On exportation of linens, what to be done.

Id.

Seals and (lamps to be taken o(T previous to exportation.

Linen Cloth.

The provisions of this act shall extend to the duties imposed upon silks, &c. of British manufactory, by 10 Ann. c. 19; 12 Ann. c. 9; and 14 G. 3. c. 72.

Two or more commissi oners of excise, or two or more justices respectively, being satisfied that ihe duties imposed by this act have been charged thereupon, may order the collector of the duties by this act granted, to pay, out of the money in his hands arising by the said duties, unto such printer, flainer, painter, or dyer, cr such owner, so much money as the duties paid upon the bleaching the same stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, amount unto; and if the said collector shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay the same, the com mi (doners shall cause the same to be paid out of any monies arising by the said duties by this act granted.

Any person or persons who shall have paid all his majesty's duties by this or any former act payable for any such linens, or stuffs, &c. wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, or foreign muslins, or cofTaes, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or any person or persons who shall buy or be lawfully intitled to any such commodities aforesaid, printed, ilained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, from the person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, may export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such commodities for which the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts; the person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities, giving twelve hours1 notice in writing, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours' notice in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such commodities, and of the time and place when and where he will pack up the same, to the officer or officers of excise ; and such officer or officers shall take care to measure the said goods, and to fee that the seals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties upon such goods, and also the frame-marks upon the same, be taken off from both ends of every piece so intended to be exported (except as here-in-after is excepted); and every such piece shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, who shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the commodities aforesaid so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer wh.o shall be appointed by such of to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing.

No linens, &c. shall be packed up for exportation, without the officers taking off the seals or liamps, denoting the payment of the duties, together with the frame-mark ; and fecu-Tity shall be given for their exportation, in treble the value of the goods; and an oath shall be made that the duties have been paid, &c. and that the goods are the same that are described in the account sent by the officer, in whose prefenc$

*r

'i!l

rt

M

m

8

w

t

A

k

Linen Cloth.

261

they were packed, to the officer attending the shipping, which officer shall, within one month after the exportation, give to the exporter a certificate expressing the quantities and kinds of such goods so shipped, and that all the duties arc paid for the same, and that security hath been given before the ship-ing the same for the due exporting the same ; and such certificate being produced to the collector of the port where the same' goods are exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback of all the duties before paid for such goods so exported ; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the respective of of excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon linens or stuffs printed, ffained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, arising by this or eitherof the said, former acts.

All the monies arising by the duties by this act granted shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

All the powers, penalties, &c. contained in 12 C. 2. c. 24, or any other law relating to excise duties, for collecting and recovering the duties thereby granted, shall be applied in executing this act.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting the inland duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the courts of exchequer in Scotland respectively ; one moiety shall be to his majesty, and the other to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

From August 1, 1785, the old duties on all stuffs made of, or mixed wich cotton, not printed, stained, or dyed in foreign parts, which shall be imported, shallceale.

If any action or fuijc shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county.

14 G. 3 . c. 7*

Drawback allowed.

14 G. 3. r. 7*« Duties, where paid.

Powers of thi«

ad.

Fines, &e. where sued for*

Old duties bit stuffs, &c. to ceaie.

Suit within three months*

F

Lord's Day.

ALL persons, not having a reasonable excuse, shall resort to their parish church or chapel (or to some congregation of religious worship allowed by the toleration aft) on every Sunday, on pain of punishment by the censures of the

church, and of forfeiting is. to the poor for every offence-

To be levied by the churchwardens by distress, by warrant of one justice.

No

1 El. e. 2. Absence from public wor&ip*

3 y. c. 4.

I

262

x y. c.

Shoemaker, how punished.

3 C. 1. a 2. Carrier's penalty. Drovers. Butchers.

Lord's Day.

29 Car. 2- e, 7; Wageoner, &c. Artihcer, Sec.

Selling wares,

Set.

Boats, Sec.

II & 12 lV.

C. 21.

Con vision in ten days.

Penalties, two thirds to the poor.

2 G. 3. C. 15.

No shoemaker shall shew, to the intent to put to Tale, any shoes, boots. See. upon a Sunday, on pain of 3s. 4d. a pair, and the value thereof; to be recovered at the assizes, sessions, or leet: one third to the king, one third to him who shall sue, ^ and one third to the town or lord of the leet. ^

No carrier with any horse or horses, nor yvaggohmen with any waggon or waggons, nor carmen with any cart or carts, ^ nor wainmen with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any IJff cattle, shall by themselves, or any other, travel on the Lord's M Day, on pain of 20s.; or if any butcher, by himself, or any other for him, with his privity and consent, shall kill or fell If any victuals on the Lord's Day, he shall forfeit 6s. 8d. The conviction to be in six months, before one justice, or mayor, on view, or confession, or oath oi two witnesses ; to be levied J by the constable or churchwarden, by distress; or to be reco- si vered in any court of record, in any city or town corporate, ft before the justices in sessions; to be applied to the use of the poor, except that the justice may reward the informer or prosecutor with part of the forfeiture, not exceeding one third part. This act continued in force one year ; but was inforced as follows:

No drover, horse-courser, waggoner, butcher, higler, or any of their servants, shall travel, or come to his inn or lodging on the Lord's Day, on pain of 20s. No tradesman, artificer, workman, labourer, or other person, shall do or exercise any worldly labour, business, or work of their ordinary calling on the Lord's Day (except works of necessity and charity), on pain of every offender, above 14 years of age, forfeiting 5s. No person shall publicly cry, shew forth, or expose to sale, any wares, merchandizes, fruit, herbs, goods, or chattels whatsoever, on the Lord's Day (except crying and felling of milk, before nine in the morning and after four in the afternoon ; and except mackarel, which may be fold on Sundays, before or after divine service), on pain of forfeiting the same. No person shall use, employ, or travel on the Lord's Day, with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge (un-less allowed by a justice of the peace, on extraordinary occasions; and except 40 watermen, who may ply on the Thames on Sunday betwixt Vauxhall and Limehoaie), on pain of 5s. And if any person offending in any of the premises, shall thereof be convicted in ten days after the offence, before one justice, on view, or confession, or oath of one witness, the justice shall give warrant to the constables or churchwardens, to seize the goods cried, shewed forth, or put to sale, and to fell the same ; and to levy the other forfeitures by distress; to the use of the poor, except that the justice may, out of the lame, reward the informer with any furo not exceeding one third part. And, for want of distress, the offender shall be set publicly in the stocks for two hours.

Fifti carriages arc exempted.

if

NEW .YORK

Lord's Day.

If any person shall, on a Sunday, take, kill, or destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine for yaking, killing, or destroying, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor-game, heath-game, or grouse ; he shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit, for the first offence, not exceeding 20I. nor less than 10I. — for the second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than 20I. — for the third, and every other offence, 50I. to be recovered upon indictment at the sessions.

No person, upon the Lord's Day, shall serve or execute any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree (except in cases of treason, felony, or breach of the peace), but the service thereof shall be void; and the person serving the same shall be as liable to answer damages to the party grieved, as if he had done the same without any writ, pro-

Icefs, warrant, order, judgment, or decree.

No hundred shall be answerable for any robbery on the Lord's Day : Nevertheless, the inhabitants shall make hue and cry after the offenders, as on any other day.

Any house, &c. opened for public amusements or debate, on a Sunday, to which persons shall be admitted by payment of money, or by tickets fold for money, shall be deemed a disorderly house, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit 200I. for every such day that such house shall be used as aforesaid. — The prelident, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of 1 col. to such person as will sue for the same; and every servant or other person, who shall deliver out, or receive money or tickets for admitting persons on the Lord's Day, shall also 1 forfeit the sum of 50I. to such person as shall sue for the same.

11 Any person advertising any public amusement for the Lord's

h Day, to which persons are to be admitted by money or t tickets, and any person printing or publishing any such ad-

vertisement, shall respectively forfeit the sum of 50I. for every offence, either of the aforesaid forfeitures to be sued for by action of debt, within hx calendar months.

i

f

x

I

Lottery.

IN this act, the statutes of 8 G. 1, c. 2 ; 1 2 G. 2. c. z$ ; and

22 G. 3. c, 47, respecting lotteries, are recited ; and the powers thereby given are to continue in force, except such as are hereby altered.

After the passing of this act, the penalties incurred under the recited acts may be sued for by any persons whomsoever within six months ; and the penalties shall be applied, one

1 moiety to the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety, with full coils of suit, to the persons who shall sue for the same.


263

13 G. 3. e. 802 Killing game.

29 C. 2. e. 7. Process not to be served. Crimes excepted.

Id.

Person robbed*

21 G. 3. c. 49, Houses of entertainment.

Public amusements.

Action within six months.

27 G 3. c. v* Former acts continued.

Penalties of those acts» how sued for and applied.

264

17 C. 3. c. ! Bail u> be given*

The vagrant aft ejueods 10 ibis.

VnlTfenfed deal-csa in tickets

#pemed vagrants.

How to be dealt wiih.

justices required to pu-niih.

What insurance a lowed*

Unlicensed

insurers.

Tenalry paid, no iraprison-meu;.

Lottery.

In every action for penalties, the defendant shall be obliged to give bail to answer it: Provided that the bail required to be given shall, in no case, exceed the sura of 500I.

And whereas, by 17 G. 2. c. 5, the full powers whereof are extended to this act, all persons playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds : And whereas all lotteries not established by act of parliament, in Great Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and public nuisances; and whereas all adventuring with lottery tickets, in such lotteries as are established by act of parliament, other than by the actual sale of tickets, and of such shares thereof as are permitted by law to be sold, is wholly prohibited by the said act of 22 G. 3. c. 47 ;

The said 17 G. 2. c. 5, shall be extended to all persons who shall deal in tickets without taking out a licence pursuant to 22 G. 3. c. 47, or fell chances of any ticket, or share thereof, for a day, or part of a day, or any less time than the whole time of drawing in any lottery; or insure, for or against the drawing of any such ticket or tickets ; or receive any money or goods, to repay any sum or sums of money, or to deliver the same, upon any other chance or chances, relative to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets : All such shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the true intent and meaning of 17 G. 2. c. 3, and shall be punishable as such accordingly. All persons who shall be found offending against this act, in the manner above mentioned, shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before some justice or justices of the peace, who shall and may, upon full and sufficient proof of the offence, order such offender to be sent to the house of correction, there to remain until the next general or quarter sessions of the peace 5 and the justices, at such sessions, shall proceed therein according to the directions of the said act; and all justices of the peace, &c. are hereby impowered and strictly required to use their utmost endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offences aforesaid, by all lawful ways and means; and are hereby indemnified for any thing dpne in execution of this act.

From the passing of this act, the posscfTor of a whole ticket may insure it, by a written agreement, for its full value. — But such insurance must be for the whole time remaining of the drawing; and the ticket must be deposited with the receiver general of the stamp duties, or some person appointed by him to receive it: Provided, that every such ticket so deposited may be assignable, together with such insurance.

Persons not duly licensed making insurances, become liable to the penalties of keeping unlicensed lottery offices.

No person, against whom any action, for the recovery of a pecuniary penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with effect, shall be liable to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act for the same olfeace; nor shall any person who

tot

an

u

1

1

4

jl

1

j

jf

c

Lottery.

2 65

who has been convicted and sentenced to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act, be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary penalty for the same offence.

All penalties and forfeitures, which shall belong to his majesty, and which shall be received by any officer, in the execution of this act, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the stamp-office for the time being, who thereout shall pay the expence the said office shall be put to in executing this act ; and shall pay the residue into the receipt of the exchequer at such time, and in such manner, as other penalties due to his majesty are or shall be paid or payable.

If any person shall at any time or times be sued, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall be non-suited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

Lunaticks.

27 G. 3. c. is Application of penalties.

If plaintiff non* suited, treble costs.

IT shall be lawful for two or more justices, where a lunatick or mad person shall be found, by warrant directed to the constables, churchwardens, and overseers of the place, or some of them, to cause such person to be apprehended, and kept safely locked up in some secure place, within the county or precinct, as such justices shall, under their hands and seals, direct and appoint, and (if such justices find it necessary) to be there chained, if the settlement of such person shall be within such county or precinct. And if such settlement shall not be there, then such person shall be sent to his iettlement by a vagrant pass (mutatis mutandis), and shall be locked up or chained by warrant of two justices of the county or precinct, to which such person is so sent, in manner aforesaid.

And the reasonable charges shall be paid (such charges being firfb proved upon oath) by order of two justices, directing the churchwardens or overseers, where any goods, chattels, lands, or tenements of such person shall be, to seize and fell so much of the goods and chattels, or receive so much of the annual rents of the lands, as is necessary to pay the same; and to account for what is so seized, fold, or received, to the next quarter-sessions: But if such person hath not an estate to satisfy the same, over and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his family, then such charges shall be paid by the parish, town, or place to which such person belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens or overseers for that purpose.

Any person aggrieved, by any act of such justices out of sessions, may appeal to the next sessions, giving reasonable notice; whose order therein shall be final.

M m Any

17 G» 2. c, 5«

May be apprehended.

Sent to settlement as a vagrant.

Id.

Chargee, by whom paid.

Power of appeal,

266

Lunaticks.

19 G 3. c. 15. No person, on pain of 500I. shall entertain or confine, in Licensed houses any fioufe fcCpt for the reception of lunaticks, more than one for lusauc a. ]unatick at one time, without a licence to be granted yearly by the college of physicians within London and Westminster, and seven miles thereof, and within the county of Middlesex, and elsewhere by the justices in sessions.

Madder.

31 G. 2. c, 35*

Penalty for destroying the roots*

Commitment on default*

IF any person shall (leal and take away, or wilfully and maliciously pull up or destroy any madder roots, and shall be convicted thereof before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall, for the first offence, pay to the owner such satisfaction for damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint; and moreover shall pay down, upon conviction to the overseer for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 10s. as to the justice shall seem meet; and if he shall not make such recompence, and also pay such sum to the use of the poor, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any space not exceeding one month, of may order him to be whipped by the constable or other officer, as to the said justice shall seem meet; and for the second offence, he shall by such justice be committed to the house of correction for three months* Prosecution to be commenced within thirty days*

Maim.

IF any person shall maliciously cut off or disable any limb or member of any subject, with intention to maim or dif-

21 & 23 C. 2.

£. I.

M^miAgyfe- figure him, the person so offending shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy ; but not to work corruption of blood.

j Haw- 249. Definition.

j F.d. 3. ft, 2* c- 44.

Maintenance.

MAINTENANCE (menu tenere) is an unlawful taking in hand or upholding of quarrels or suits, to the disturbance or hindrance of common right.

No person shall take upon him to maintain quarrels, nor , parties in the country, to the disturbance of the common law.

Embracery

Maintenance*

II

Embracery is a Species of Maintenance.

I

ANY attempt whatsoever to corrupt, or influence, or in-ftrudb a jury, or any way incline them to be more favourable to the one side than to the other, by money, promises, letters, threats, or perfuaflons, is a proper act of embracery.

No person shall embrace any jurors, on paia of 10I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue within a year.

If any juror shall take any thing to give his verdict, both he, and the embracer, shall forfeit ten times as much, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Additional Malt Duty.

FROM Jan. 5, 1791, the following additional malt duties were by this act to be paid, viz. for every bushel of malt; j made in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, 3d. and

Sfor every bushel made in Scotland, id. For every bushel brought from Scotland into England, See. ifd. over the duty t upon malt made in Scotland. For every bushel of malt in the : possession of any maltster. Sec. on Jan. 5, 1791, an additional

jr duty of 3d, in England, &c. and of ifd. in Scotland.

til

Malt (See also Excise.)

BY this act, which is continued by an annual bill, 6d. is to be paid for every bushel of malt made within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed; 3d. within Scotland; and if brought into England, with a certificate of the payment of 3d. ,f only 3d. more; if without a certificate, 6d.

For every quarter of malt made and locked up for exporta-[£ tion, and exported, shall be paid a duty of 3d.

The additional temporary duties on malt imposed by 31 G.

13. r. 2, are by this act taken off.

Marine Forces.

Ti^TARINE forces are those employed in his majesty's fleet 1VJL and naval service, under the direction of the lord high ac^miral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain.

After March 25, 1787, during the continuance of this act, *every marine officer and private man on shore, who shall mu-

M m 2 tiny

267

I Ha*u), 259, What is embracery.

32 H. 3.C. 9, Penalty.

31 Ed. 3. ft. U Juror bribed, how punUhed*

31 G. 3. e. su Additional duty*

12 Ann.Jli I,

C. 2,

27 G. 3. c. 13* 32 G. 3, c. 6.

27 G. 3. c. 3. Under whose direction.

Penalty for mutiny, & c.

268 Marine Forces.

% 7 C. 3. c. 3.

Court-martial.

Corporal pu* nishment.

Power of lords of admiralty.

Limitation of punishment.

Id.

General court-martial.

Officers to be sworn.

Oaths administered and taken.

Oath taken;

tiny or desert, Sec. or lift in any other regiment, &c. or shall b! be found sleeping on, or shall defetf his post, or hold corref- 2;# pondence with the enemies of his majesty, or who shall strike III or disobey his superior officer, shall suffer death, or such pu-nifhmentas a court martial shall inflict. »i

The lord high admiral, or of for executing that d,i office, may grant a commission for holding a general court-mar- t'af tial, &c. at any place or places on shore, in this realm, or in M any other of his majesty's dominions. cM

Courts-martial may inflict corporal punishment for imiso- al ralities, &c.

Lords of the admiralty are impowered, by this act, to make is; articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion, &c. and t9 th constitute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and deter- ji mine any crimes or offences specified in such rules and articles, qi and inflict punishments, by sentenceor judgment for the same, lit according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

Provided always, that no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb by the said rules or articles, within the kingdom of Great Britain, except ti for such crime or crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this act.

No general court-martial shall conlift of less than 13 ; and the president to be a field-officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. Every such court-martial may administer oaths to witnesses.

The officers are to be sworn as follows, before the court, and k judge-advocate, or his depu ty: *

You shall well and truly try and determine, according to the evidence which shall be given in the matter now before you, between \ our sovereign lord the king's majesty, and the prisoner to be tried.

So help you God.

I A.B. do swear, that I will duly administer just ice, according to an act of parliament now in force, for the regulation of his \ Majesty's marine forces while on shore, and according to the rules and articles made in pursuance of the said act of parliament for the k punishment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein respec-timely mentioned, without partiality,favour, or affection ; and if \ any doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said act of par- (

liament, or the said rules and articles), according to my conscience, the best of my understanding, and the custom of war in like cafes1 And Ifurther swear, that 1 will not divulge the sentence of the court, until it shall be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more of the of for executing the office of lord high . admiral of Great Britain ; neither will /, upon any account, at j any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of anj particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness, by a court of justice, in a due course of \ icew: So help me God. 0

After ft

r

h

1

Marine Forces*

269

After which, the judge-advocate is to befworri, by the president, in the following words:

/A. B. do /weary that I will not, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof , as a witness, by a court ofjuflift, in a due course of law : So help me God.

No sentence of death shall be given again# any offender by any such general court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine officers present shall concur therein ; and if there be more officers present than 13, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers present, and no proceeding or trial shall be had upon any offence but between the hours of eight0 in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

The party tried by any general court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial, upon demand thereof {he or they paying reasonably for the farrie), at any time not sooner than three months after such sentence.

Every judge-advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court-martial, is hereby required to transmit, with as much expedition as time and place will admit, the proceedings and sentence of such court-martial to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being ; which proceedings shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the office of the admiralty Of Great Britain, that the persons intitled thereto may be enabled to obtain copies thereof.

No marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted or convictedof any offence at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second time for the same offence ; and no sentence given by any court-martial, and sign* ed by the president thereof, shall be liable to be revised mors than once.

If any officer or private man shall desert his majesty's service in any of his dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere, and shall escape or be brought into this realm, such officer or private man shall be tried for the same, as if the same offence had been committed within this realm.

Nothing in this act shall exempt any marine, either officer or private man, while on shore, from being proceeded again# by the ordinary course of law.

No person or persons, being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences, by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the same, otherwisethan by cashiering.

If any marine officer, or private man, shall be accused of any crime punishable by the known laws of the land, such accused person shall be delivered over to the civil magistrate. — Officers refusing to deliver over, such offenders, and being

thereof

*7* 3- S*

Judge advocate'* oath.

Nine officer concur, or two thirds.

Hours of trisl*

\ r

Copy of proceedings.

Proceeding* tranlmrtted fa the admiralCy«

Id.

Only one trial.

Desertet toth* ing frorr abroad* how tried.

Marine not ex* en.pt from. du€ course of law.

Only one pu-ni&ment.

Offender delivered to civil xnagiftra:e.

27O

Marine Forces.

1

ZjG. 3. *. 3.

Penalty on of* tu.cn refuting.

3«

It

it

s

Fi^itious names allowed.

Constable » power of billeting*

BUSetting, as by law required.

Unequal billet-

l Hg* <


RUBL.t.

thereof convicted, before any two or more juRices of the peace & for the county where the fad was committed, by the oath of two credible wicnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipfofaQo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office of employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's fervic#; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

Fiditious names allowed by his majesty's order upon the muster- rolls for the maintenance of officers' widows, are not to be construed a false muster; but the paymaster is to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver.

Conilables, and chief magistrates, are by this act required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men, in his majesty's service, in inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and all houses of persons felling brandy, llrbng waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses, but in no distillers* or (hop-keepers' houses, or in any private houses, without the consent of the occupier.

If any marine officer shall take upon him to quarter private men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to any mayors, constables, or other civil officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty; such marine officer shall, for every such offence (being convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses), be deemed and taken to be ip/o fuSlo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his majeily's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

Jfauy person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such con-liable, officer, or magistrate (such chief officer or magistrate not being a juiliceof the peace), has quartered or billetted in his house a greater number of marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such marines are quartered ; or if such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then, on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such di-vifjon, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have power to relieve such person, by ordering so many of the said marines to be removed and quartered upon such other persons

as

i

Marine Forces.

271

as they shall see cause ; and such other persons shall be obliged 17 C. 3. c. 3. to receive such marines accordingly.

Marine officers and private men so quartered shall be fur- Billettalb#-nished with diet and small beer by the owners of the inns, li-very stables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and other houses ; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein-after mentioned, to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer.

If any inn-holder shall be desirous to furniffi such non-com- Pay for small iriiffion officers and private men with candles, vinegar, and beer> &c* salt, and with either small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non-commission officers or private men the use of fire, and the ne-celfary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, an,d shall furniffi and allow the same accordingly ; in such case, the non-commission officers and private men To quartered shall provide their own viduals; and the officer who shall receive the pay and subsistence of such non-commission officers and private men, shall pay the several sums herein-after mentioned out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer, to the non-com-jniffion officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder, or other person, on whom such non-commission officers and private men are quartered. 1

If any marine officer shall take, or cause, or suffer to be taken, any money for excusing the quartering of officers or private men, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall becaffiiered.

The commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters, and the constables are required to billet the same accordingly ; provided the number is not increased by any such exchange.

No paymaster, or other officer or person whatsoever, shall make any deductions whatsoever, out of the pay of any marine, either officer or private man, other than the usual dedudlions for cloathing, and twelve pence in the pound to be disposed of as his majesty shall think fit; and the one day's pay in the year for the use of the royal hospital atChelfea; and such other necessary dedunions as shall, from time to time, be directed by the lords of the admiralty, under their hands.

Every officer or other person to whom it belongs to receive Officer to the pay or fubliilence money for one or more particular com- inn keepers* pajiy or companies of the said marine forces, shall give public notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered, within four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same, and shall pay the demands of such inn keepers and others, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed either to the officers or

private

Id.

No bribe for unequal quartering.

Exchange of quarters.

No deduction of pay, except fnr cloathing* &c.

YQRK

2/2

*7C. J. e. j.

l*e*al*y on not Jiving notice.

Account* fet-tiled on re-waving.

gartering \n ScjtUnd.

Carriages pro, tided.

Payment per wile.

Marine Forces.

private men : Provided the said accounts exceed not, for one marine commission officer under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem, one shilling; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each such horse or horses, for their hay and draw, per diem, sixpence ; nor for one private man's diet and small beer, per diem, fourpence.

If the officers do not give notice of fubfillence-money, and paying quarters, on complaint thereof by two witnesses at the oe^ct quarter-sessions, the paymaster shall satisfy them out of the arrears due to such officers, upon penalty that such paymaster or person shall forfeit their respective place or places of pay-mailer, or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case of no arrears due, the paymaster may deduct out of the next fubfillence-money the sums he shall pay, pursuant to the certificate of the said justices ; and such officer or officers shall, for such their offence, or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence-money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso fatto c a (hie red.

On moving from quarters, the officer is to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper pay-matter of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due.

Officers, &c. are to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct.

Justices of the peace shall order constables to provide carriages, with able men to drive the same, for the marine forces in their march; being duly required thereunto by the lords of the admiralty, by an order in writing under their hands. And in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within the division or precinct from, through, or near which such marines are ordered to march, the next justice or justices shall, upon such order being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant or warrants to the high constables, or petty constables, of such next county, division, or precinct, to make up such deficiency: The officer or officers, at the same time, to pay down in hand to the said constable, or petty constable, for the use of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, is. for every mile any waggon, with five horses, shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel ; and 9d. for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less carriages ; for which respective sums so received, the said con-itable, or petty constable, is hereby required *o give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the same: And such constable, or petty constable, shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective liberties.

3,1

3

3

a

3

q

n

i

B|

i

a

i

i

t

'i

Go

L

Marine Forces* 273

ties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such *7 G. carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who const*t>fe'* are hereby required to provide and furnish the same ac- uty*

cordingly.

No marine officer shall force and constrain any waggon, or °ne da*8 /ouf* carriage, to travel more than one day's journey, but shall discharge the same in due time for their return home, and shall n % t suffer any marine or servant (except such as are,sick), nor any woman, to ride in the waggon or carriage aforesaid; nor shall force any constable or petty constable, by threats, to provide faddlehorses for themselves or servants, nor shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants, or private men ; every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit Officer mifee*

51; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his ma- having, jesty's justices of the peace for same county or riding, who are

I to certify the same to the proper paymaster of his majesty's marine forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid 5I. according to order and appointment under the hands and seals of such justices of the peace; and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

If any high constable, or petty constable, shall wilfully ne- Constable'sne4 gleft or refuse to execute any such warrant of the said justice or justices of the peace, for providing carriages; or if any person or persons, appointed by such condable, or petty constable, to provide and furnish any carriage and man, shall re- fuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other person shall or other person* wilfully do any ad or thing, whereby the execution of such j warrant shall be hindered; every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. to the use of the poor of the parish

if where such offence shall be committed ; and all such offences Penalty*

5 may be enquired of, and fully determined, by two of his mail jesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place

1 where such offence shall be committed ; who have hereby

power to cause the said penalty to be levied by didrefs and o f sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the over-c plus (if any) to the owner.

The treasurer or treasurers of each county shall, without Constable rc‘m" fee or reward, pay unto the condable all and every reasonable ur c i sum or sums of money by him laid out for carriages, over and above what ought to have been paid by the marine officer requiring them, out of the county dock.

If the said public dock of the county or riding be not suffi- .Justices may 1 cient, the justices, in the general quarter-sessions, shall have wife money.

power to raise monies upon the respective counties or ridings,

1 in such manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said extraordi-, nary charge of carriages.

No waggon or carriage, impressed by authority of this act. Weight limited*

‘ shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry above k twenty hundred weight.

N n Carriages

t

274

»7 G. 3. e, 3. Carriages in Scotland.

Quartering wives and children agaiolt content.

Officers, &c. deHrojing game.

v

Peter ten.

Reward for apprehending.

Concealing de» fertera.

Limitation of time of process.

Marine volim-teer, how far exempt from arrest.

What done in« ftcad of arrest.

Marine Forces.

Carriages in Scotland shall be provided, as was directed by the law in force in Scotland at the time of the union, with regard to the furnishing carriages for land forces.

If any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers, shall, at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants, of any officer or marine in any such houses, against the consent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of (he marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the lords of of the admiralty, be ipfofatto cashiered ; and if a constable, tithingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved 20s. upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace ; to be levied, by-warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same.

Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game, the same as under the article Game. N. B. This clause was not in the former act of 28 G. 2. r. 11.

Marines deserting are to be treated as deserting soldiers (which article fee), except that the account is to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, instead of the secretary at war.

The reward for apprehending deserters is the same respecting a marine, as a soldier — which article fee.

The penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, &c. is the same as in the case of soldiers.

The continuance of this act is for one year.

Offences against former acts, respecting marine forces, may be enquired of, and punished as under this act.

No person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any offence committed against any of the said former acts, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial ; except only for the offence of desertion.

No volunteer, as a marine, shall be liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or except for a real debt of the value of 20I. of which an oath must be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. If any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, one or more judge or judges may examine into the same by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and by warrant discharge such marine so arrested, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof that such marine so arrested was legally enlisted as a marine, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act ; and also may award to the party so complaining such costs as he or they shall think reasonable.

Instead of an arrest for a marine's just debt, it shall be lawful for any plaintiff, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of action, to file a common appearance in any action to

be

h

tized bi

Marine Forces. ' 275

be brought upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to in- *7 C. 3. r. 3. title such plaintiff to proceed therein, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid.

No marine, being arrested or confined for debt, in any pri- Pay ftoPt on son, gaol, or other place, shall be intitled to any part of his ^"®ncment ^or pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

Any constable, beadle, or other officer or person, who shall Constable's ne* neglect or refuse, for the space of two hours, to quarter or bil- g|cf*»» quw-let such officers or marines, when thereunto required, provided tcr,n6# sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces ; or shall tak# money to excuse any person from quartering; and any victualler who shall refuse to receive marines so quartered or billetted, and shall be thereof convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-ne/fes (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), shall forfeit, for every such offence, not more than 5I. nor less than 40s. to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said penalty, when levied, shall be paid to the overseers of the poor, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed.

1 To prevent abuses in quartering, justices may order con- Account to juf-stables to give an account of the number of officers and private dees, men, and where quartered, that he or they may be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

Enlisting. — The same as in the case of soldiers, fee that Enlisting, as article; except that the magistrate mull, in this case, not be soldiers, an officer of marines ; and that the second and third sections of wirh/ome ex* the articles of war, for the better government of his majesty's ccPt,on* marine forces while on shore, read to him or them, and that he or they must take the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required ; and every officer of marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof, upon oath by two witnesses, before a general court-martial, shall, for such offence, be forthwith cashiered, and be disabled to hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service.

N n 2 Where

2 76

*7 <5. j. t, 3. Union of officers for courts, martial.

Marine forces, how regulated.

26(7. 3. e. 107. Called out once ? year.

Names and ranks of officers*

Rank as regulars

in absence of lieutenants,

Commiflipn not vacated*

Jd.

Lieutenant'?

power.

Deputies;

Marine Forces.

Where a sufficient number of marine officers cannot be con- ii

yeniently assembled, or in matters wherein any of his majesty's fa

land forces may be interested, officers of the land forces may 1

be aflbeiated with the marine officers for the purpose of hold- a

ing courts-martial; and proceed in the trial of any marine of- ia

ficer or private rnan, to all intents and purposes, as if such fa

courts-martial were composed of marine officers only ; and the n

officers of the marine and land forces are, in such cases, to a

take rank according to the feniprity of their commissions in 1:

either service. i

Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any jj

ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established 1

by an act made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his ?

late majesty king George the second, intituled, an act for 1

amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parlia- 1

ment, the laws relating to the government of his majesty's 1

fcips, vessels, and forces by sea. - ?

0

jl

Militia, !

THE lieutenants of counties, appointed by his majesty* are required to call out the militia once in every year, and appoint deputies and officers, properly qualified, to trail* and discipline them. They shall certify to his majesty the names and ranks of all such officers so appointed ; and in case his majesty shall, within fourteen days, signify his difappro-bation of any of the persons so appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said lieutenants to grant a commission to any person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted to all such persons so appointed, who shall not he disapproved by his majesty; and the officers so appointed for the militia shall rank with the officers of such of his majesty's forces as are liable tq serve out of Great Britain, as youngest of their rank.

Three deputy lieutenants ipay aft, when the lieutenant i$ out of the kingdom.

No commission of any officer in the militia, granted by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, shall be vacated by the revo -cation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, was of were appointed.

The lieutenant of the county shall haye the chief command of the mnitia of his county, and appoint twenty deputies, if so many properly qualified can be found within the county. Sec. i. e. having an estate of 200I. per aqnum, or being heirs to aooI. per annum, then as many persons, so qualified, as can be found within such county. Sec. shall be appointed to be deputy lieutenants for the purposes of this att. f ..... ‘ ‘ f ' An4

h

i

1

3

NE

Go

Militia.

2 77

And every person to be appointed a colonel shall be possessed 26 G. 3. r. 107. of an estate of rooool. per ajinum, or shall be heir-apparent of a like estate of 2000I. per annum. A lieutenant colonel shall cfficcri* have an estate of 600I. per annum, or be heir-apparent to 1 1 200I. per annum. A major or captain shall be possessed of an estate of 200I. per annum, or be heir-apparent to 400I. per annum, or the younger son of a person who has or had at his death 600I. per annum. Every lieutenant shall have an estate of 50I. per annum, or a personal estate of iooool. or in real and personal estate be worth 2000I. or shall be son of some person possessed of an estate of iool. per annum, or worth at his death 2000I. in personal estate alone, or in real and personal estate together 3000I. Every ensign shall have an estate of 20I. per annum, or a personal estate of 500I. or in real and personal estate iooool. or shall be the son of a person having 50I. per annum, or iooool. personal, or in real and personal estate together 1500I. one half of every such respective estate to be in the county in which they shall be appointed to serve.

Within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Mon- Lef«infoat( mouth, Westmoreland, and Rutland, and within every coun- unties. ty and place in the dominion of Wales, the qualification shall be for a deputy lieutenant 1501. per annum, or an inheritance of 3®ol. per annum. A colonel 600I. per annum, or an inheritance of 1200I. per annum. A lieutenant colonel 400I. per annum, or be heir to 800I. per annum. A major or Captain shall have J50I. per annum, or be heir to 300I. per annum. —

A lieutenant shall have 30I. per annum, or a personal estate of £ool. or in real and personal estate together 1200I. or be heir to 60I. per annum, or to a person having 1200I. personal estate, or 2400I. in real and personal estate together. An ensign shall have 20I. per annum, or 300I. personal estate, or €ool. in real and personal estate together, or be heir to some person having an estate of 30I. per annum, or 600I. personal estate, or 1200I. in real and personal estate together; of all which respective estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate within the counties or divisions in which such officers shall be respectively appointed to serve

In the Isle of Ely, a deputy lieutenant shall have 1501. per jne of Elr' annum, or be heir to 300I. per annum: A captain iool. per *

annum, or be heir to 200I. per annum, or the younger son of some person having 300I. per annum. A lieutenant 30I. per annum, or 600I. in personal estate, or be heir to 60!. per annum, or to a personal estate of 1200I. An ensign 20I. or 300I. personal estate, or be heir to 30I. per annum, or to a personal estate of 600I.; of all which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate or arising within the said Isle of Ely, or some other part of the county of Cambridge.

1ft

Militia.

278

16 G. 3. c, 107. Appointment in cities and towns*

Leases on life*, how estimated.

Estates for 20 years or more.

What to be done before The ftommission is yarned*

Lifts before parliament*

Unqualified per-ft>ns.

Penalty.

Peers, or heir-apparent*

Tn all cities and towns, which are counties within themselves, the lieutenants of every such city or town, or where there is no lieutenant, the chief magistrate shall appoint the deputy lieutenants within such city or town, and also officers of the militia, whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or town shall raise, as their quota towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is united; and all provisions made by this act, with respect to counties, shall take place with respect to the said cities and towns, and the militia thereof; every deputy lieutenant in such cities and towns shall have 1501. per annum,or 3000I. real andpersonal estate together: And every field officer 300I. per annum, or 5000I. real and personal estate together: A captain 1501. per annum, or 2500I. in real and personal estate together: A lieutenant shall have 30I. per annum, or 750I. in personal estate alone : An ensign 20I. per annum, or 400I. personal estate ; one moiety to be situated within such city or town, or within the county to which such city or town is united.

Leases on lives of 300I. per annum, are to be deemed equal to a qualification, as herein-before specified, of iool. per annum, and so proportionally.

Estates granted for twenty years or more, of an annual value equal to the value of the estates herein required for qualifications, are to be deemed qualifications.

No commission superior to a lieutenant shall be granted till the qualification is delivered in to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, who shall transmit to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, a copy of such description ; and it shall be declared in the commission, that the officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his qualification.

All commissions already granted shall be void, unless qualifications are delivered in before January 1, 1787, of which the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall forthwith transmit ^ true copy to the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants.

Qualifications, &c. are to be inserted in the Gazette; and lifts to be annually laid, by the secretary of state, before parliament. Deputy lieutenants, &c. are to take the oaths within six months after their appointment, at some general quarter-sessions of the peace, or in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

Persons acting, who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their qualifications, shall forfeit and pay the sum of jool. one moiety to the use of the person who shall sue for the same; the proof of his qualification to lie upon the person against whom the same is brought.

Peers, or their heir-apparent, may aft, though not poHe/Ted of the qualifications aforesaid.

The lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, with three or more deputy lieutenants, or, in his absence, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, at the end of every five years,

in

31

1

i

j

1

1

'JEJ

Militia

279

in case the militia should not be then embodied, discharge 26 (7. 3. . c. 107* some one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and such p;^ and otIlcr a number of officers of each inferior rank, as shall be equal to officers dii-the number of persons who shall have given them notice, that charged, they are willing to serve, so that the number of vacancies shall not exceed one third of such officers who shall have served for five years.

Inferior officers, if duly qualified, may serve in higher ranks.

County lieutenants, and deputies, may appoint clerks for Promotions, their meetings, or displace them if they think fit, and choose others in their room. Clerks of raeet-

The number of private men to be raised, by virtue of this in£s' act, shall be as follows: (that is to say).

For the county of Bedford, 400

For the county of Berks, 560

For the county of Bucks, 560

For the county of Cambridge, 480

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, 560

For the county of Cornwall, 640

For the county of Cumberland, 320

For the county of Derby, 560

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, 1600

For th* county of Dorset, with the town and county of

Pool, 640

For the county of Durham, 400

For the county of Essex, 9^0

For the county of Glocester, with the city and county of the city of Glocester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, 960

For the county of Hereford, 480

For the county of Hertford, 560

For the county of Huntingdon, 320

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, 960

For the county of Lancaster, 800

For the county of Leicester, 560

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, 1200

For the county of Middlesex (exclusive of the tower di-

vision, commonly called the town hamlets), 1600

For the county of Monmouth, 240

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of Norwich, 960

For the county of Northampton, 640

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, 360

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham,

Go

81

480

For

28a

Militia.

3* <v 107. For the county of Oxford, 560

For the county Rutland, 120

For the county of Salop, 640

For the county of Somerset, 840

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, 960

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Lichfield, 560

For the county of Suffolk, 960

For the county of Surrey, 800

For the county of Sussex, 800

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, 640

For the county of Westmorland, 240

For the county of Worcester, with the city rnd county of the city of Worcester,. 560

For the county of Wilts, 800

For the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, 1240

For the north riding of the said county, 720

And for the east riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, 400

For the county of Anglesea, 80

For the county of Brecknock, 160

For the county of Cardigan, 120

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, 200

For the county of Carnarvon, 80

For the county of Denbigh, 280

For the county of Flint, 120

For the county of Glamorgan, 360

For the county of Merioneth, 80

For the county of Montgomery, 240

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county Ceneraf meet- of the town of Haverfordwest, 160

u)£s. And for the county of Radnor, 120

General meetings shall consist of the lieutenant, with two deputy lieutenants, or, of three deputy lieutenants; such general meeting to be holden upon the last Tuesday before the 24th of October in every year; the lieutenant, with any two deputy lieutenants, or, any three deputy lieutenants, may summon other general meetings, of which notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any weekly newspaper usually circulated in such county. See. fourteen days at the least before the days appointed for holding such meetings ref-pe&ively; and in case such meeting shall not be attended by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants; the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, who shall attend at such meeting, shall and may adjourn the same; and in case no deputy lieutenant shall attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then theejerk

of

1

all!

Militia.

281

26 G. 3. c, 107.

SubdtvifioQ

meeting*.

Notice for receiving lifts* and baliocting, Jfcc.

of the general meetings, or his deputy, shall adjourn such meeting to any other time, to be holden at the same place.

The subdivision meetings shall consist of two deputy lieutenants at the lead; but where two deputy lieutenants do not attend, any one deputy lieutenant, with any one justice of the peace of the county, &c. within which such subdivision lies, may do all acts, directed to be done by deputy lieutenants at their meetings; which act shall be valid.

The clerk shall give notice of the subdivision meetings to the deputy lieutenants. Sec, and also to the commanding officers of the regiment, battalion, &c. if on actual service, or (if not on actual service) to the colonel thereof, or (in case of the absence of the colonel from Great Britain) to the next commanding officer within Great Britain, and shall fend an account of the several days fixed for receiving lifts, and for balloting and inrolling the militiamen within such division 5 and shall, as soon as the militia men are inrolled, transmit to the colonel or commanding officer a list specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode, of all such militiamen as are inrolled, and where there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of the persons in the room of whom they were inrolled as substitutes.

When a sufficient number do not attend, another meeting shall be appointed within fourteen days, notice being given five days at the least previous to such meeting.

The first meetings of the deputy lieutenants shall be held as early after the 24th day of October in every year, as conveniently may be ; and they may appoint asecond general meeting, and shall require the chief constable or other officer as aforesaid, to issue an order to all constables, &c. to return fair and true lifts of the names of all men within their respective parishes, Sec, between the ages of 18 and 45 years, distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and also which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as militia men. Copies of such O'whom lift* lifts are to be affixed on the church door, on some Sunday to be made, morning, three days at the least before the said meeting, and also notice, at the bottom of the said lift, of the day and place of such meeting. Constables are to verify the returns upon oath.

Subdivision meetings may amend lifts, and make returns to the clerk of the general meetings.

General meetings may alter the appointed subdivisions.

Deputy lieutenants may appoint what number of men shall serve for each parish, who are to be balloted for. N-j-iiber for

Persons chosen by ballot are to take the following oath: each parish.

I A.B. do sincerely promise and /war, that I will be faithful Militia man's and bear true allegiance to his majesty king George ; and I do fvuear, oat* that I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully fernje in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the

O o same,

Another meeting.

Times of meeting.

C notable's duly.

Amended lift*.

282

*6 G. 3. c. 107. Inrollment.

Substitutes.

Substitute's

oath*

Principal ex* empt.

Frefli ballot.

Oath, by whofb.

Persons not appearing.

What, if penalty is not paid.

Persons exempt from serving.

Substitute, if chosen by b*l lot, must serve again.

Two lifts added. If lift be loft.

Militia.

same, during the time of five years for which I am inroiled, unless 1 shall be sooner discharged. SB

And every such person shall be inrolled (in a roll to be then » and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia, si for the space of five years.

Persons chosen may find substitutes*, who are then to be in- rolled and sworn, if having no more than one child, and ap- a proved by the deputy lieutenants; and such substitute shall lkl take the following oath : al

1 A. B. do sincerely promije and fauear, that 1 will be faithful, 8| and bear true allegiance to his majesty king George ; and 1 do swear that I am a protestant, and that 1 will faithfully serve in the mi- -i litia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the 'i same during the time offive years, or for such further time as the Hi militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of Jive years, sa his majesty shall order and direct the militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged. H

Any person chosen by ballot, for whom such substitute shall i have been so inrolled and sworn, shall be exempt from service, i as if he himself had served. 1

If the full number are not inrolled, a fresh ballot is to be ? taken. . 3

One deputy lieutenant may administer the oath.

Persons chosen and not appearing (except quakers), shall n\ forfeit 10I. fa

If the penalty be not paid, the person shall be compelled to 3 serve, and at the expiration of five years, shall be liable to serve \ again, or provide a substitute ; and shall be subject to the \ same punishments, for absconding or deserting, as if he had been duly sworn and inrolled as a militia man. 5

Persons exempted from serving are peers, officers in the > army, or in any castle or fort, and private men in the army; > commissioned officers serving, or having served four years in the , militia, members of both universities, clergymen, licensed teachers of any separate congregation, constables, &c. articled ^ clerks, apprentices, seamen, men employed in his majesty's -dock-yards, or persons employed in the tower, at Woolwich warren, in the gun wharfs at Portsmouth, or at his majesty's powder mills, magazines, arid other storehouses, persons free of the watermen's company, and persons having more than one child born in wedlock. No person who has served per- ? fonally, or by substitute, shall be obliged to serve again till it comes to his turn ; but a substitute, if chosen by ballot, shall be obliged ro serve again, so as to make the choice of militia > men by ballot within every subdivision as equal and impartial ^ as possible.

Lifts for two places may be added together.

If any list shall be lost or destroyed, the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, shall cause a new lift to be made . and returned to them at their next subdivision meeting.

If

Militia.

283.

I!

If any such. constable, or other officers, shall refuse or ne- 26 G. 3. c. 107 gledt to appear according to the order or warrant of any two ^onftable's ne-or more deputy lieutenants, or to comply with their orders and 8lc* directions, or shall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect in his duty, the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are required to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for one month, or, at their discretion, to line such person not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.

Any person who shall endeavour to prevail on any chief Causing false re-con liable, or other officer, to make a false return of any list, turn, or leave out of any such lift the name of any person who ought to be returned to serve as a militia man, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 50I.; and if any person shall refuse to tell his christian and surname, or shall fallely tell it, or shall refuse to tell the christian or surname of any man lodging within his or her house, or shall knowingly tell any false name, to any constable, or other officer authorized to demand the same, every such person shall forfeit the sum of 10I.

Every person, chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, shall person refuting, be liable to such service, although he may have removed from the place where his name was inserted in the lift; every person liable to serve in the militia, having more than one place of residence, shall serve for the county, riding, or place where his name shall have been first inserted in such lift.

Where any parish shall lie in two or more counties, that pa- a parish in fe-rish shall be deemed belonging to the county wherein the ?eral counties, church is situate.

If any person shall be fraudulently bound apprentice, such Fraudulent inapprentice shall be liable to serve for the first vacancy, and the dentures, master shall forfeit iol.

Two deputy lieutenants may provide substitutes for quak- Substitutes for ers, and levy the expence by distress; for want of which, such quakers. quaker, being of ability to pay iol. shall be committed to the common gaol for three months, or until the expence of the substitute is paid.

Justices may order payment of the costs of levying by dif- Costs, how paid* tress, where quakers refuse to pay rates, made for the providing of volunteers, to the sum of 10s. each, where there are only two; to the sum of 5s. where there are more.

Persons unfit to serve, when chosen, may be discharged by Persons unfit, the deputy lieutenants.

Persons becoming unfit to serve, may be discharged by the or becoming uncommanding officer; which discharge must be confirmed by J-fc{jJrw^join two deputy lieutenants, before another man is balloted in his 1 c rfie room.

Vacancies occasioned by death shall be filled up by a fresh Vacancies by ballot. death*

O o 2 Any

284

a6 G. 3. c. 107.

Number, how filled up.

Person ebofen by b ilot, and finding fwbfti tute, how paid*

Penalty on pa rift officer refuting to pay.

Volunteers.

Disputes between matters and servants.

Negligent fub-fiitute.

Militia.

. ' j

Any two or more of the deputy lieutenants, at their several subdivision meetings, shall ballot for militia men, in the room of those whose terms of service will expire before the 20th day of November then next ensuing the holding of such meetings, and shall, at a following meeting, proceed to inroll the said balloted men, or their (ubstitutes.

In case any person making oath that he is not possessed of the clear value of 500I. shall be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, when it is drawn, or ordered out (or actual service, and such person shall be sworn and inrolled, or shall provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who shall be sworn and inrolled, the churchwarden or overseers of the poor shall, on receiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants, pay to every such person, so chosen by ballot, any sum of money, not exceeding one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer, where such person was so choien, which said sum of money shall be taken out of the poor's rate ; any churchwarden or overseer of the poor refusing or neglecting to pay such money, upon demand, and the producing of such order, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 5]. one half to be paid to the person so chosen by ballot: If any man chosen by ballot, and serving for himself, shall, within one month after his inrollment, be disapproved of, and discharged, such sum shall not be paid to the person so chosen by ballot, but shall be paid to the next person choien by ballot in his (lead ; and if any substitute be disapproved and discharged, no such sum shall be paid to the man so chosen by ballot, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another substitute who shall be approved by the commanding officer.

Volunteers may be raised with the consent of the inhabi-tants, taken at a vestry held after three day's notice, to serve on the same terms as (ubstitutes; and a rate may be made for paying them bounties, not exceeding 61. each ; to which rate all are bound to contribute, on pain of distress, except those who have served,or shall be then fervingin the militia.

Any justice may determine disputes between servants enrolled as militia men, and their mailers, respecting wages, within three months from the time of their quitting the ler-vice; and may make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in question do not exceed the sum of 20I. and in case ofrefufal for the space of 21 days, may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress.

Every substitute, &c. who does not appear, if he do not return the bounty, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding 20s. at the discretion of the deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted; or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for the space of 14.,days, or antil the said sum shall be returned.

One

Orlgiral

26 G. 3. c. l^T* Bounty to fub-ftitures. Regiment out of us county*

May not serve in the army*

Militia. 285

One justice may order the payment of bounty to substitutes and volunteers, according to att 20 G. 3. c. 19.

When a regiment is out of its county, Jills of men willing to continue to serve, after the expiration of their term, shall be transmitted by the commanding officer.

The inlillment of a militiaman into the Handing army shall be void; and any militia man offering to infill into his majesty's other forces, shall be imprisoned six months, and if actually inlilled, shall serve in such regiment, when dismissed from the militia: Any officer, serjeant, or other person infilling militia men, shall forfeit 20I. and any soldier offering to serve as a substitute, shall forfeit 10I. or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not more than three months.

Any person ordering serjeants, &c. of the militia to beat up for volunteers, shall forfeit iol. being convicted upon oath, before any justice of the peace; one moiety to the use of the informer: And any serjeant refusing to declare who gave him such orders, shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding three months.

Rolls signed at subdivision-meetings shall be transmitted to the clerk of the general meeting, within 14 days after every subdivision-meeting.

A Rate of the number of persons liable to serve, shall be transmitted annually by the lieutenant of the county. &c. to the privy council, who are to settle the numher of men for each county, place. Scc. and transmit the numbers to the county lieutenants : If the number fixed on be greater than the number appointed to serve for any county, place. See. the lieutenant for such county. See. with two or more deputy lieutenants, or any three or more deputy lieutenants shall, at a general meec-ing, appoint what number of militia men shall lerve for each hundred, or other division within such county. Sec and the additional number of militia men, to make up the whole number so fixed and settled, shall be provided or chosen in the same manner as other militia men are by this act to be provided or chosen ; and all the additional men, or their substitutes* and also all volunteers, shall take the oath, and be inrolled, as is directed ; where the number so fixed shall be less than the number of militia men appointed to serve for any county, or,

place. See. so many militia men shall be discharged by ballot, as shall exceed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid*

The money arising by penalties incurred for refusing to serve Application «f in the militia, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall penalties, be applied, by any two or more deputy lieutenants, in providing substitutes for the persons who shall have paid such penalties: Jf any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the regiments, &c. in which such persons ought to have ierved, and be applied as part of the regimental ilock*

Any

Penalty on militia ordering lerjeants to beat up for volunteers.

Rolls trans-mitted.

State of numbers liable to lerve*

r

286

Militia.

1

*6 G. 3. r. ?«7.

Who may ad-vwntiicr oaths*

How regiments formed*

Independent

companies.

Rank of county lieutenants*

Senior officer to act as colonel*

Lieutenant colonel's prorno-

?MWt.

Any lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or justice, is authorized to administer oaths to any witness or witnesses; and all other oaths may be administered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

Where the number of men is sufficient, the militia shall be formed into regiments, of not more than twelve, nor less than eight companies, of 80 private men to a company at the moll, and 60 private men at the lead; and the field officers shall be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and where the number of men shall be under eight, and not less than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers shall be one lieutenant colonel, and one major only; and where the number of men shall amount to any number under five, and not less than three companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, or major, and no other field officer; and in-each regiment or battalion or militia there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company : Every battalioa of five companies, or upward, may have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants shall be appointed, instead of one lieutenant and one ensign ; and every regiment, confiding of eight companies, or upwards, may have one company of grenadiers, and one company of light in-fantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed, indead of one lieutenant and one ensign.

Where the number of men shall not be sufficient to form a regiment or battalion, the militia shall be formed into independent companies, each company toconfid of 80 private men at the mod, and 60 at the lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company; and his majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion or battalions, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or battalion of militia, provided the number of companies in any such regiment or battalion be not thereby made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is herein before directed to confid.

County lieutenants may ad and bear rank as colonels, though the bodies of men do not entitle their commanding officers to that rank.

The senior officer, redding in Great Britain, shall be inverted with the powers given to colonels, in the absenceof the commanding officer from Great Britain, till his return shall be notified to the clerk of the peace of the county, &c. and by him transmitted to the officer next in command.

The rank of colonel may be given to lieutenant coloiels commandant, after five year^ service.

Where

NEW

Militia.

Where the numbers are not sufficient for a regiment, three persons may be appointed, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major; but with no higher pay than if they were lieutenant colonel, major, and captain : Where the number of men shall be sufficient to form four, but not sufficient to form lix companies, the lieutenant may appoint two persons, qualified as aforesaid, to serve, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major, but only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of captain ; and where the number of men is not sufficient to form more than two companies, the elded captain shall rank as major, but shall only be entitled to the pay of captain.

Lieutenants may be appointed captain-lieutenants, where there are fix companies in the regiment.

Adjutants may be appointed from the army, or embodied militia, who shall preserve their rank in the army, and they may hold a subaltern's commission, though not qualified, and may have the brevet rank of captain, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of not less than fix companies, provided such adjutant has served five years in the rank of lieutenant; although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for captains: But no adjutant, so appointed to the rank of captain, shall be entitled to rank above, or to command, any captain of a company in the militia, nor shall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

A pavmader may be appointed to a battalion of more than two companies, when it is not in actual service, but the money necessary for a less number, shall be paid to the commanding officer, by the receiver-general of the land-tax.

No adjutant, surgeon, quarter-mader. &c. shall be appointed captain of a company. Sec. nor vice versa ; but a battalion clerk may be appointed a captain-lieutenant.

No half pay officers, serving as fubaltems, shall be deemed to forfeit their half pay ; but such officers shall take the following oath:

I A.B. do swear, that 1 had not, between the

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his majesty, besides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in late

regiment of save and except my pay as

lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaster, quarter-tnafter, or surgeon (as the case may be), for serving in a regiment of militia:

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other oath, be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

When the militia is not on actual service, there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every 30 men; and when drawn

out.

; }

287

26 Cr. C. 107.

'Where number is too finall for a regiment.

In what cafei captain lieutenants. Adjutants, whence appointed.

Pay matter.

Battalion clerk may be captain-lieutenant.

Half pay officers may serve as fubalcerns.

Oath

entitles to half pay.

Militia not im service.

288

*6 G, 3. f, 107.

Serjeants and corporals oath.

Serjeant-major and drum-major.

Restriction of publicans.

Additional corporal.

Subalterns

dying.

Deserted or discharged.

Musiciansi

Militia.

1

out, there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every 20 men ; and when not in actual service, there shall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company of regiments or battalions confiding of fix or more companies; and when the militia shall be drawn out, there shall be an addition of one drummer to every company so drawn out; and the daily pay ofeverv such serjeant, corporal, and drummer, shall be to every serjeant is. — to every corporal 8d. — and to every drummer 6d — and such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be new cloathed, when not in actual service, once in two years. All serjeants and corporals shall take the following oath;

/ A . B. do fencer ely promise and swear, that I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to Ins majesty king George ; and 1 do swear, that 1 am a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve as a ser~ jeant or corporal (as the case shall be), in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged.

The colonel or commanding officer of every battalion confiding of four or more companies, may appoint a serjeant-ma-jor out of the serjeants, and a drum-major out of the drum-merfc ; and all serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as such, shall be compellable to serve until they shall be legally discharged.

No publican shall be capable of serving as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the militia.

A surplus of 1 5 men, above the proportion of 30 to one corporal, shall entitle the battalion to an additional corporal, when not in attual service, for such surplus number of men.

Any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel, or commanding officer (with the consent of the captain of the company) ; and the captain (with the approbation of the commanding officer) may appoint any proper person in the room of every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who shall die, desert, or be discharged, all which serjeants and corporals, so appointed, shall take the like oath as is before required.

The commanding officer of any regiment, See, may retain any number of the drummers who now are employed, as fifers or mufleians therein, over and above the number of one drummer per company, or may engage any additional number of drummers to act as fifers or mufleians in their respectivecorps; and all such drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such corps as fifers or musicians, shall be deemed as drummers of militia, to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject to the same orders and punishments as other drummers of militia, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloathing as other drummers have, and no longer.

Serjeants

a

n

41

«i

*1

d

1

it

Origiha

PUf

Go

F

Militia.

Serjeants of Chelsea hospital may receive their allowance therefrom, together with their pay.

Any person who shall have faithfully served as a serjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity, shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer. Sec. be entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of 5d. per diem, if the said board should judge him deserving thereof: % But no person who shall be appointed a serjeant in the militia, after the passing of this act, shall be entitled to such recom-pence, until he shall have served in the militia, or in the army and militia, for 20 years.

The militia shall be trained and exercised for 28 successive days annually, and amenable to the mutiny laws, so that no punishment shall extend to lose life or limb.

Notice of the time and place of exercise shall be affixed on the church doors; and all militia men shall duly attend at such time and place, according to the notice.

Ten days prior to the annual exercise, lifts of the men inrolled shall be sent to the respective commanding officer, or to such person as he shall appoint to receive the same; and a duplicate of such lift shall also be transmitted to the adjutant of such regiment. See.

From which lifts two thirds of the complete number shall be chosen by ballot, at the first meeting, for exercise.

The day after the ballot, the regiment. Sec. shall be muf-tered.

Vacancies by death, or discharge, or by the expiration of the time of service, shall be filled up by ballot at the first meeting. The men balloted out of the roll are to be exercised, and the remainder discharged from attendance; but though discharged, they are liable to military law, while they remain where the regiment is assembled ; and are to appear, on notice, at any subsequent place of exercise.

If any inrolled person, not chosen by ballot as aforesaid, shall offer himself as a volunteer to be trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer to accept such volunteer in the room of another person so balloted, to be trained and exercised.

All mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magistrates, and officers of cities, towns. Sc c. and anyone justice of the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town. Sec. but no others, may quarter and billet the officers and private men serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called out to annual exercise, in inns. Scc. And all persons felling brandy, wine, &c. upon application made, are required to order and provide convenient lodging, in such houses, for the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

P p Militia

289

26 (7# 3. c. 107. Serjeancs of Chelsea hoi-pital.

Veteran for-jeants.

Time of train* ing.

Notice on church doors*

Double lifts.

Two thirds chosen.

Regiment muttered.

Vacancies filled*

Volunteer accepted.

Billeting.

290

a6 G. 3. c. 107. Relieved when sick.

Carriages im-prest.

State of militia to belent to county lieutenants. '

Men not appearing*

Deserters, how punished.

Substitute deferring.

Selling or lof-ing mullets#

Militia.

0 I

Militia men, falling sick on the march, are to be relieved by the parish officer, and the expence to be repaid by the county treasurer ; such relief being ordered by auy justice, mayor, or chief magistrate, and the parish officer's account allowed by him,

Justices may grant warrants for impressing carriages for the militia on its march; the sum of one shilling for every mile being paid to the chief constable or other officer for a waggon with five horses, andlany wain with fix oxen, or with four oxen and two horses, and nine-pence per mile for any cart with four horses, and so in proportion, for which sums every chief constable, &c. is hereby required to give a receipt; and every person being ordered by the constable, &c. is hereby required to provide and furnish the same for one day's journey* and no more ; and if the expence exceed the rates of carriage, the surplus shall be paid by the treasurer of the county, out of the public stock.

When the militia is called out to annual exercise, the state^ thereof is to be sent to the county lieutenant, by the commanding officer, within six months, on pain of forfeiting iool.

Militia men not appearing at, or absenting themselves during the annual exercise, and not taken up till after the exercise, shall forfeit 20L and if such penalty shall not be immediately paid, the justice of the peace before whom any such militia man shall be convicted, shall commit such militia man to the common gaol, without bail or main-prize, for the space of six months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty.

Another man shall be balloted for, if a deserter does not return in three months; and if he shall at any time return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any person shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to serve in the same manner, and for the same term, as if no person had been so chosen in his room.

A fubfthute deserting is liable to serve his full term, whenever taken up, to be computed from the day on which he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other penalty or punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such offence by virtue of this act; and the commanding officer shall cause notice to be given to the clerk of the subdivision for which such person was inrolled, of the day on which he was apprehended, and the clerk shall make an entry of the name of such person, and also the time of his being so apprehended.

All muskets delivered for the fexvice of the militia shall be marked with the letter (M), and the name of the county, &c. to which they belong; and in case any militia man shall fell, pawn, or lole any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good order to his captain, or to the person appointed to receive the same, every such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay

Militia.

alum not exceeding three pounds; and if he shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty*

If any person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, or accoutrements, belonging to any militia man, the person so offending shall pay for every such offence, the firm of five pounds; and if the offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the common gaol for the space of three months, or shall cause such offender to be publicly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

When any regiment, &c. of militia, shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under stoppages, not exceeding 6d. per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, stockings, See. and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's negledh Provided always, that he account for such stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for necessaries. See. shall pay the sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the hands of the militia man to whom the same belongs, before he be dismissed from such training and exercise.

Every adjutant, serjeant-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, and drummer of the militia, shall be at all times fub-je£l to any act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and it shall be lawful for the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direct the holding of courts-martial whenever such regiment or battalion shall be embodied for the purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any serjeant-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, for auy offence committed during the time such regiment or battalion was not embodied, but so that no pu-irishment shall extend to the loss of life or limb.

Any serjeant or corporal of the militia may, by sentence of a court-martial, be reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding 15 months; after which time, if not regularly re-appointed, he shall be discharged from the service.

The arms belonging to every regiment. Sec. wh#n not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as the colonel, or commanding officer shall dirett, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county. See.

P p 2 One

291

26 G. 3. c. 107.

Buying or receiving them*

Stoppages for linens, &e»

Couitsmartial.

punishment of serjeant or corporal.

Arms, where kept.

Militia

292

76 G. 3.C. 107. Under whole care*

Deserter taken*

How to be fob* fitted.

Suspected deserter.

One third part of the serjeants, corporals, and drummers, in every regiment, &c. shall constantly be resident where the arms are kept, and shall be under the command of the adjutant; and, in his absence, the serjeant-major shall make a monthly return of the true (late of the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the regiment. &c. to the lieutenant of the county and the commanding officer, in default of which he shall be subject to such punishment as a court-martial shall adjudge: No serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall be absent from such city, town, or place, without a regular furlough from his colonel, or from the commanding officer; and every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who shall absent himself without such furlough, shall be liable to be apprehended as a deserter; the adjutant shall never absent himself without leave; but whenever such adjutant shall be absent, with leave, the serjeant-major, or some serjeant, who shall be appointed, shall act.

If any militiaman shall not join the regiment at the time of annual exercise, or shall desert, and shall not be apprehended before the expiration of the time appointed for such exercise, the commanding officer, adjutant, or serjeant-major, receiving information of the place where he shall reside, shall direct a party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers, to assist in apprehending, and in conveying him before some justice of the peace where such offender shall be apprehended; and if, by confession, or the oath of any witness, or the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear that such person is guilty of such offence, such offender shall be conveyed to the head quarters of the regiment or battalion of militia of the next county, in the way to that to which such offender belongs, and be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-major of such regiment or battalion, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment of the next county, &c. and so on till such offender shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a justice of the peace, to be dealt with as this act directs in cases of militia men deserting or absenting themselves from duty; such offender to be subsisted at the rate of 6d. per day, from the (lock of the county, &c. to which such regiment belongs; for which subsistence, such justice is hereby required to make an order upon the treasurer of the county.

If any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall desert from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, any headborough, constable, or other officer of the place where any such deserter shall be found, may cause him to be apprehended, and taken before any neighbouring justice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to examine such suspected person; and if it shall appear that such suspected person is a deserter, such justice

shall

dv

M

jpe

ccot

NEW'

1

J

— 1

Militia.

293

Ik

itikt

a

uii

i,(K

utf

ii

Ik k b fi*

u>

i

lb

if

ttkea

'jll

A

m

m

uiM

shall cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, or other public prison, near to which such deserter shall be apprehend->ed, there to remain until he shall be demanded by Tome person or persons authorized to receive him ; and shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of the general meetings of the county, &c. to which such deserter belongs; and the keeper of such gaol, &c. shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance, during the time he shall continue in his custody, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of his imprisonment.

The colonel, or commanding officer of the regiment, shall fend an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the said prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named ; and the serjeant, &c. to whom such deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, with a sufficient party under his command, shall convey such deserter to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment to which he belongs; and such adjutant or serjeant-major shall take such deserter before a justice of the peace of the county to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, house of correction, or other public prison of such county, riding, or place, where he shall remain, without bail ormainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied for annual exercise or for actual service; and a court-martial shall be held for the trial of such deserter; and if such deserter shall be found guilty, he shall be punished as such court-martial shall think (it, but not to the lofsof life or limb.

All gaolers shall receive into their custody such offender, for such time as they shall be required, when he is conveying to his regiment, not exceeding 24 hours, on pain of forfeiting 20s.

Serjeants employed in apprehending, &c. deserters, shall be billeted as other soldiers employed in that service*

The justice of the peace, before whom any deserter shall be convicted, may issue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment to uhich such deserter shall belong, or to the commanding officer, to pay, out of the (lock of such regiment or battalion, the sum of 20s. to the person who shall have apprehended such deserter. 1

If any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter, knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 5I.

In all cases of actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cases of rebellion or insurrection, it shall be lawful for his majesty (theoccasion being first communicated to parliament, if it shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting), to order and direct the lieutenants. See. with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody the militia

within

26 G, 3. c. jo/.

If found such. ho* dealt with.

Order to the keeper, by whom signed.

How punished,

Gaolers must receive.

Serjeants billeted.

Reward for ap< preheading.

Concealing deserter.

When to be embodied.

294

*6 G. 3. c. 107.

Not to go out of Great Britain.

Parliament in 14 days.

Notice to men Co aticad.

\ v-

Courts-martial.

Agent appointed in a&uai Service.

One guinea to every man.

Jf beyond five years, a farther premium.

Militia.

within their respective counties, Sec. or so many of them as his majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and to put the said forces under the command of such general officers as his majesty shall be pleased to appoint 5 and the officers. Sec. shall, from the time of their being drawn out as aforesaid, remain subject to the articles of war.

Neither the whole, nor any part of the militia directed by this act to be raised and maintained, shall, on any account, be carried, or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

When the militia is called out, his majesty may and shall issue a proclamation for the meeting of parliament, within 14 days.

When the militia is ordered to be called out, the county lieutenant, Sec. shall issue orders to the constables,or other officers, of the several parishes, &c. to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order ; and if any militia man (not labouring under any infirmity) shall not appearand march in pursuance of such order ,every fuchmilitia man shall be liable to be apprehended, and punished as a deserter; and if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia man when ordered out into actual service, knowing him to be a militia man, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of5l.

No officer serving in the militia shall fit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or soldier serving in any of his majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in any of his majesty's other forces fit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the militia.

When any regiment shall be drawn out into actual service, the commanding officer may appoint an agent, and shall take security from such agent; and such commanding officer is hereby made liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen, from the said agent, or from himself, upon account of the pay, clothing. See. of such regiment.

When the militia of any county shall be ordered out into actual service, the receiver-general of the land-tax shall pay to the captain or commanding officer, one guinea, for the use of every private militia man ; and to every captain or commanding officer of a company, the sum of one guinea for every recruit; and the money so received, shall be laid out in the bell manner for the respective militia men ; and every captain or commanding officer shall account to such militia man how the said sum hath been applied, and shall pay the remainder (if any) to the said militia man.

If the term of service of any person foballotted, shall be prolonged beyond the term of five years, the receiver-general of the land tax for the county, &c. shall forthwith pay to the captain, or commanding officer, one guinea for every person whose term of service is so prolonged ; and so on, a guinea for every three years, to be laid out for the men to the belt advantage,

and

Militia.

and accounted for to every man before he receives his discharge.

The militia, when embodied, shall be entitled to the same pay as the other forces; and non-commissioned officers. See. maimed in service, shall be entitled to the benefit of Chelsea hospital.

When the militia shall be duly disembodied, the officers and private men shall be subject to the same orders only, as they were subject to before they were drawn out.

The powers. Sec. given to Northumberland, shall extend to Berwick upon Tweed, &c. and their militia shall join that of Northumberland.

The governor of the Isle of Wight shall appoint the officers. Sec. for that militia, who are to be qualified like those for Wales.

And the militia of the said island shall be raised in the same manner as the militia of the county of Southampton, and be deemed a part of the militia of the said county; but shall continue in the island, unless other wise ordered by his his majesty.

The constablery of Craike, in the county of Durham, shall be deemed part of the north riding of Yorkshire; part of Maker parish shall be deemed part of the county of Cornwall; and Wokingham shall be deemed part of the county of Berks; and the township of Filey, part of the east riding of the county of York ; and Threapwood, part of the county of Flint; and St. Martin, near Stamford, shall bedeemed part of the county of Lincoln ; and be subject to the authority of the lieutenants. Scc. of those counties.

The warden of the flannaries, in pursuance of his majesty's commission, shall array, assess, arm, muster, and exercise the tinners, as hath been heretofore used.

The several lieutenants commissioned for the militia of the city of London, shall continue to lift and levy the train bands as heretofore.

The constable of the tower may appoint deputy lieutenants. Scc. from the tower hamlets, according to ad 13 and 14 Car. 2, c. 3.

The deputy lieutenants may ad when the lieutenant of the hamlets is out of the kingdom.

No commission, warrant, or appointment, granted to any deputy lieutenant of the said tower hamlets, shall be vacated by the death or removal of the lieutenant.

The constable of the tower, or lieutenant of the tower hamlets, shall appoint a treasurer of the trophy money, for receiving and paying such monies as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the 13 C5f 14 Car. 2, who shall yearly account, upon oath, to the said constable or lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them; which accounts

shall

2 95

26 G. 3. c. 107.

Sams pay as regulars.

Chelsea Hospital

When disem* bodied.

Berwick militia;

Isle of Wight militia.

Part of Hants*

Craike, in Duf* ham.

Maker, Wok-iDgham> &c*

Tinners nmf-tered.

Train bands.

Tower hamlets;

Deputy lieutenants may act.

Commission permanent.

Treasurer of trophy Blooey.

t

296

26 G. 3 t. 107. To whom accountable*

Trophy money balanced.

Cinque ports separate*

Churchwardens and ovetfeers in Kent and Sussex*

When and how orders issued.

Returns to clerks of the peace.

Lieutenrnt's certificate to the sessions.

j

Where no certificate, an annual payment*

Militia.

shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the said divi-lion or hamlets, at their next general or quarter-sessions j unless by reason of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such accounts cannot be paired under the hands and seals of four or more of such justices.

And no trophy money for a succeeding year shall be levied* till the account of the former year has been allowed.

The warden of the cinque ports, &c* may act as lieutenants, Sec. of counties may do, and shall keep up the usual number of soldiers in the said ports, &c. unless he or they shall find cause to leiTen the same ; and the militia of the said ports, &c. shall remain separate from the militia of the several counties within which the said ports, &c. are situate; and may be called out, notwithstanding the pay advanced may not have been re-imbursed.

Churchwardens and overseers in Kent and SuiTex, may make returns of men liable to serve. See. and may have the authority hereby granted to con (tables in other places, and are subject to the same penalties for neglect of their duty.

From and after the last Tuesday in October next, his said majesty's lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or in his absence, any three or more deputy lieutenants of the counties of SuiTex and Kent respectively, shall and may issue out his or their orders to the chief constable of the several hundreds.

Certified returns of the militia to be annually sent to tke clerks of the peace to be filed.

The lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, where the militia shall be raised, shall, on or before the 25th of December, in every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk of the paece of the state of the militia in that year, and the time during which such militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such clerk of the peace shall deliver such certificate to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-session to be held next after the 25 th of December, in every year, on the day on which such session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the records of such session. When no such return is received, the same is to be certified by the clerk of the peace, and filed by him amongst the records of such session.

In every county and place where no such certificate shall be transmitted, the sum of 5I. shall be annually paid for, and in lieu of, every private militia man by this act directed to be raised within the same county or place ; and the justices of the peace shall, and are hereby required, at their said general quarter-iefiion, to rate and assess the sum of 5I. per man, as aforesaid, upon every such county or place, and upon every town, parish, tee. within such county, by such ways and means as are directed with respect to county rates, by 12 G. 2, or by any other act of parliament: No person who shall have served as an officer in any body of militia raised within this kingdom for the space of four years, or who shall be then serving, shall

ii

'YORK PUBLIC

Militia.

r

be liable to pay any part of such rate, provided such person shall have delivered a certificate of such service to the clerk of the peace, and also a roll or lift of his tenants, and the places of their abode.

When a certain number of militia men are directed to be raised for any county* together with any city or town being a county ofitfelf, and the militia shall not be raised for such county and city, or town, the payment of the said sum of 5I. per man upon the whole number of militia-men so directed to be raised, shall be divided between such county, and such city or town, in such proportion as the respective quotas paid to the land-tax bear to each other, unless the apportionment of the number of such militia men shall actually have been made, in which case the said sum of 5I. per man shall be borne by such county, and by such city or town, in such proportions as the numbers of militia-men, so apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such city or town, bear to each other.

Where there are no county-rates, the assessment is to be raised as the poor's rates are.

In all cases where the militia shall not be raised within any city, town, or place, not rated to the county-rate, the proportion of the said sum of 5I. per man, to be borne by such city, town, or place, shall be raised, levied, and collected within such city, town, or place, by a separate rate or assessment, as the rates for the /-elief of the poor are raised, and the churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall, from time to time, pay over the same to the treasurer of the county with which such city, town, or place, shall be joined or united for the purpose of railing the militia.

Where a town lies in two counties, the money a(Te(Ted shall be paid to the treasurer of the county wherein the church (lands.

If the assessment fora place where there are no county-rates, be not paid before the ill of June, it may be levied by the justices of the peace, who shall cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every such parish and division, rendering the overplus (if any) to the, owners; and all such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall be reimbursed the money so levied on them respectively, by the same ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed, for the relief of the poor.

The treasurer for every county or place, who shall receive the said sum of 5I. per man, is hereby required to pay all the money he shall so receive to the receiver-general of the land tax for such county or place, within one calendar month after he shallreceive the same; and when the whole sum directed to be raised in any county or place, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the land tax, such payment shall be a full discharge and indemnification to such county or place

Q^q for

NEW YC

297

26 C. 3. c. 107.

If no militia raised. /

Where no county-rates.

In what cases home by city, &c.

Town in two counties.

Assessment levied by justices*

Treasurer to pay to receiver of land tax.

29B

36 G. 3. c. 107. Receipt certified.

Salary to receiver.

Treasurer's allowance.

Lieutenants certificate to the feifions.

Justices' omission certified to the treasury.

When money not levied and paid.

Clerk of the peace's neglect to fend the certificates.

Militia.

for the failure or neglect in the raising and training of the militia for the year; and the receiver-general shall, within ten days, certify the receipt thereof to the treasury, and pay the money into the exchequer.

A salary may be allowed the receiver, not exceeding 2d. in the pound, for so much money as he shall pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this act.

The treasurer of every county shall be allowed the sum of id. in the pound upon the whole sum by him received and paid ; and every high constable, Sec- who shall act in the raising and collecting of the money, shall be allowed and paid by such treasurer, the sum of id. in the pound of all such money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall act as aforesaid, to be deducted out of the money received by him.

The clerks of the peace shall, within 14 days next after the general quarter-session of the peace to be held next after the 25th of December yearly, transmit to the treasury, and also to the receiver-general of the land tax, a copy of every certificate received from the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, of such county or place; and where such certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the clerk of the peace shall certify such omission to the treasury, &c. and that such clerk of the peace hath certified the same to the justices at the general quarter-session, and required such justices to proceed according to the directions of this act ; and such clerk of the peace shall also certify what proceedings have been had at such general quarter-session, where the militia shall not have been raised ; and in case such justices shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the money according to the directions of this act, then the clerk of the peace of such county or place shall, within fourteen days next after such fession, certify to the solicitor of the treasury such omission, neglect, or refusal, of such justices, and the names of the justices who shall be present at such fession ; and the solicitor of the treasury shall forthwith proceed to compel such justices to pay due obedience to this act, and to cause the said money to be raised, collected, and paid.

If the said sum of $1. per man, shall not be levied and paid into the exchequer, the solicitor of the treasury shall proceed to compel the levying and collecting of such money, and the payment thereof into the exchequer,

If any clerk of the peace shall refuse or neglect to transmit such certificates, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of iool. and shall also forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of holding any office of trust, civil or military, under the crown; and if any receiver-general of the land tax, or other officer, shall wilfully omit, or neglect or refuse to act therein, every such receiver-general or treasurer, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 200I.$ and every chief constable, 50I; and every such

petty

NEW

YORK

Go QlC

Militia. 2 99

r %

petty constable, 20I.; and in case the solicitor of the treasury *6 G. 3. c. 107. shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against such justices of the peace, receivers-general of the land tax, treasurers, or other officers aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 500I.

The provisions of aft 24 G. 2, e. 44, respecting justices, just'ceapower shall extend to all his majesty's lieutenants, and to all deputy to lieutenants, lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, or any other &c-a ft relating to the militia, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

The acceptance of a commission in the militia shall not va- Seat not vacate the feat of any member returned to serve in parliament ; cated. and noperson being an officer of the militia shall be compelled to serve the office of sheriff.

No officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be -Absence to vote liable to any penalty, on account of his absence during the a,Iowed# time he shall be going to vote at any election of a member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning from such election.

No serjeant, corporal, drummer, nor any private man, from Exemption*, the time of his inrollment, until he shall be regularly difehar-ged from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer, or parish officer, or to perform any highway duty, commonly called statute-work, or to serve in any of his majesty's sea forces.

Every person having served in the militia when drawn out Privilege!, into actual service, being a married man, may set up and exercise any trade in any town or place within Great Britain j and no such militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any such town or place, until he is become chargeable to the parish.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum of 20I. shall be recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record; and all which shall not exceed the sum of 20I. shall, on proof, upon oath, of the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by cillrefs and sale, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand ; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the money arising by ajl such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the clerks, or (where there are no clerks) to the commanding officers of the respective regiments, or other bodies of militia of the respective counties, &c. where

Q^q 2 such

Fines, fee. how recover'd and applied.

0

3°o

Militia.

Not removable by certiorari.

Limitation.of actions.

26(7.3 c. 107. such offences shall have been committed, and shall be made part of the public flock of such regiments, or other bodies of militia.

No order or conviction made by any lieutenant of any qounty, riding, or place, or by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace, or by any onejuflice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

If any action shall be brought against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fad committed, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere ; and if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs.

All former acts of parliament relating to the militia of this kingdom (except only such acts as relate to the militia of the city of London, the militia of the tower hamlets, and the militia of the cinque ports, and the two ancient towns, and their members) shall be, from the 24th of September, 1786, and they are hereby repealed.

But the repealing of the said acts shall not annul or in any wise affect any commission of lieutenancy, or any other commission already granted, by virtue of the said former acts: Provided that no person shall act in the execution of this act, by virtue of any commission already granted, unless he is qualified as herein-before is directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a certificate, containing a specific description of his qualification, to the clerk of the peace, according to the directions of this act.

Former ids repeated.

Qualification

certified.

V

Militia Families.

32G. 3. r. 8.

Allowance to

the wives and children of militia-men.

New rate, if necessary.

BY this act, the families of militia-men chosen by lot, and ordered to march on actual service, are to receive a weekly allowance out of the poor rates, to be reimbursed out of the county flock. The said allowance to be according to the usual price of labour in husbandry within the said county, division, &c. L e. any sum not exceeding the price of one day's such labour, nor less than is. for every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and for the wife of every such militia-man, whether she shall or shall not have any child or children, and provided she does not follow the regiment, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's labour, nor less than is.

If the poor-rates are inefficient, a new rate shall be made for the purpose of raising the sum required.

The

b

t

(I

Militia Families.

The treasurer of the county, reimbursing to the overseers of any parish such weekly allowances to the family of any militia-man serving in the militia of any place, other than that where such family dwells, shall transmit an account to the treasurer of the county where the person shall serve, who shall pay the same, and shall be allowed the sums so reimbursed by him in his accounts.

If the family of any substitute, or volunteer serving in the militia when called into actual service, shall become chargeable to the parish in which such family shall dwell, and such substitute shall not serve for the same parish, the justice of the peace who shall make an order for the relief of such family, may direct the overseers of the parish for which such substitute shall serve, to reimburse the money so paid to the overseers who shall have advanced the same.

The allowances to the families of militia-men, substitutes, or volunteers, shall not occasion them to be sent to work-houses ; nor shall they deprive the substitutes of their legal settlementselfewhere, nor of their right of voting for Members of Parliament.

If the substitute serves for any parish in another county, the monies advanced by the overseers of the parish where the family shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of the county dock, by the treasurer of that county, that, on producing a certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief (which certificate the justice is hereby required to grant); such certificate, and an account of all monies so repaid, to be transmitted quarterly to the treasurer of the county in the militia whereof such substitute shall serve; which treasurer shall reimburse the same; and the account shall be laid before the justices at the general or quarter-sessions, for their allowance thereof: And the justices shall make anorder for the overseers of the poor of the parish for which such substitute shall serve, to make good the same to the treasurer of the county out of the poor rates; such payments to be allowed in their respective accounts.

In places having peculiar jurisdictions, and not contributing to the county, the accounts are to be made over to the treasurer, receiver, or other public officer.

N. B. A special provision is made in the city and county of the city of Exeter. — See the act, § VIII. and also another ref-pefting the city and county of the city of Bristol, § IX.

Whereas, by 26 G. 3. r. 107 — If the term of service should be prolonged beyond five years, the receiver of the landrtax for the county was required to pay to the commanding officer of each company the sum of one guinea for every person whole term was so prolonged ; and if prolonged for more than three years, then another guinea, and so on at the end of every three years. This clause is, by this act, of 33 G. 3. c. 8, repealed; and the bounties ordered by the former act to be paid to militia-men chosen by lot, shall be continued to them, and extended

301

32 G. 3. c. 8. Treasurer to be reimbursed.

^ustice's order to overseers to reimburse those of another parish.

Wives and children not to be sent to work-houses.

SublHtute f:nr-ing for a paridi in another county.

Peculiar juril-dictions.

302

3» G. 3. c» 8#

S»«n»fic*tian of toe term.

15 & 14 C. 1.

r. 22.

Orders against Miols-troopers.

*3 G. 3. f. 31.

Offender efeap-i*ig into Scotland*

1

Militia Families.

tended to substitutes and volunteers whose terms of service are so prolonged. The money so received by such commanding officer to be laid out in the manner moil advantageous to such militia-man, substitute, or volunteer, to whom such commanding officer shall account for the application of the sums received ; paying him the remainder, if any, before he receives his discharge.

Misdemeanour.

THIS word signifies a Crime : But the law hath made a distinction between crimes of a higher and lower nature; the former being denominated Felonies; the latter Mijde-meamours.

This lad is an act committed or omitted in violation of a public law, either forbidding or commanding it.

Crimes and misdemeanours are terms which are frequently joined together; which, though properly speaking, they are synonymous, are made to denote very different things; the word crimes extending to such offences as are of a deeper and more atrocious dye ; while (mailer faults, and omissions of less consequence, and the beginnings of greater offences not absolutely perpetrated, are comprised under the xpilder term of misdemeanours. These it is impossible to define or describe ; inasmuch as they are as various in their nature as human actions ; but they are fully set forth in the several codes of criminal j urifprudence.

si

:a

1®

m

;:or

do

lit

k

bi

M

3

J

a

Northern Borders.

THE justices of Northumberland and Cumberland may make order in sessions, for charging the respective counties, for securing the same against the moss-troopers (that is, thieves and robbers, who, after having committed offences in the borders, escape through the wastes and modes) ; so as Northumberland be not charged above 500I. nor Cumberland above 200I. a year. And they may appoint a commander, with 30 men in Northumberland, and 12 men in Cumberland, to search for, pursue, and apprehend offenders.

If any person against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice in England, for any offence against the laws of England, shall escape or go into Scotland ; the sheriff, or steward depute, or substitute, or any justice of the county or place where such person shall be, may indorse his name on the said warrant, to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is s granted, and to convey him into the county or place in Eng- c

land

Northern Borders.

land (being adjacent to Scotland) in which the offence was committed, before a justice of such county or place, to be there dealt with according to law; in case the offence was committed in the county not next adjacent to Scotland, then to convey him into any county of England adjacent to Scotland, before a justice there; who shall proceed, with regard to such person, by indorsing the warrant, as by the 24 G. 2. c. 55, in like manner as if the person had been apprehended in the said county.

And if any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the peace of Scotland, shall escape or go into England, any justice of the county or place where such person shall be, may indorse his name on the said warrant; to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him into the county or place in Scotland (being adja~ cent to England) where the offence was committed, to be there dealt with according to law.

And the expence of removing prisoners as aforesaid, shall be repaid to the person defraying the same, by the treasurer of the county in England, or by the sheriff, or steward depute, or substitute, of the county in Scotland, in which the offence was committed ; the amount of such expence being previously ascertained upon oath before two justices of such county, and allowed and signed by them.

Nuisance.

A COMMON nuisance seems to be, an offence against the public, either by doing a thing which tends to the annoyance of all the kings subjects, or by neglecting to do a thing which the common good requires.

Annoyances to the prejudice of particular persons, are not punishable by a public prosecution as common nuisances, but are left to be redressed by the private actions of the parties aggrieved by them.

If it is a public nuisance, the law hath provided an apt remedy, by p/efentment or indictment at the suit of the king, in the behalf of all his subjects.

Oaths.

IN all cases, where any penalty is directed to be levied, or distress to be made, by any act of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, it shall be lawful for any justice or , justices, acting under the authority of such acts respectively, to administer an oath or oaths for the purpose of levying such penalties, or making such distreffc*.

The

fc

i

3°3

13 G. 3, c. 31.

Escaping from Scotland into England.

Expence of removing prisoners, by whom paid.

I Haw. 1974 Nuisance defer! bed.

Id.

Different from private annoyances.

I Inf}. 56. Presentment or indictment.

15 G. J. c. 39. In what cases to be administered.

YOR^

3«4

Dalt. e» lit. Not to per Tons accused.

1 H. II. 586. Information OH oath.

Dalt, c. 66. Witnesses to be examined on oath.

1 G.Jl.z. c. 13. Oaths of allegiance, & c.

17 G. 3-e. 43. Power of justices of Chester.

^ Oaths.

The person accused shall not be examined upon oath; for by the common law, no man is obliged to accuse himrfelf: But 1 it seemeth convenient, in cases of felony especially, that the information, which the justices do take against the prisoner, 1 be upon oath ; otherwise, upon the trial of the prisoner, such information taken by the juAice shall not be read or delivered to the jury, nor given in evidence against the prisoner upon ? his trial. *

The information of the prosecutor or witnesses ought to be upon oath, although the statute doth not mention an oath; 1 which information upon oath, being sworn on the trial to be { truly taken by the justice or his clerk, may be given in evidence against the prisoner, if the witnesses be dead or not able 1 to travel.

Where one justice may puijifti bffenders upon accusation or proof generally, it seemeth that this must be by examination of witnesses; and though the statute doth not expressly set down that it shall be upon oath, yet it seemeth fit, that the justice do it upon oath: Yea, in all other cases, wheresoever ' any man is authorized to examine witnesses, such authority to examine shall be taken and construed to be in such manner as the law requires, which is only by oath.

Two justices may summon, by writing underhand and seal, any person whom they shall suspect to be dangerous or difaffe&ed to the government, to appear before them, at a certain day and time therein to be appointed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration : And if such person ne-glefls or refuses to appear, then on due proof made on oath of the summons having been served on such person, or left at his dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there, they shall certify the same to the next sessions, there to be recorded by the clerk of the peace. And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear and take the oaths at the said sessions (the name of such person being publicly read at the first meeting of the said sessions), then such person shall be esteemed and adjudged a popish recusant convict ; and the same shall be thence certified by the clerk of the peace into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

Oaths, &c. in the Court of Session at Chester.

% 1

BY this act, the justices of the court of session for the county palatine of Chester/ may, by one or more commission or I commissions under the seal of the said county palatine, im-powpr persons to take affidavits in causes depending therein, j in like manner as the justices of his majesty's courts of king's ( beneph, &c. use to do ; and also the prothontary, or his officiating deputy, may take such affidavits. &c. which shall be filed a in the office of the prothontary of the said county, and shall be


Oaths.

I

i

I

i

z

K

r

s

fe

C

I

of the same force and effect as affidavits taken in the said court now are: And all persons forswearing themselves, irr such affidavits, shall be liable to the same penalties as for false affidavits in open court.

No person appointed a commissioner as aforesaid, nor the said prothontary, or his deputy, shall take any affidavit within one mile of the castle of Chester, during the time of holding the session for the said county.

The justices of the said court may, by their commission, impower persons to take recognizances; and the fees to be paid commissions to take recognizances shall be as follows: (to wit) the sum of zs. for the fiat or warrant; 7s. 6d. for making out the commission, besides the king's duty and parchment; 4s, for the seal; 5s. for taking every such acknowledgment; and is. for the swearing the affidavit of the due taking thereof.

The justices of the said court may make rules for justifying bait by affidavits before the of; but the power of prothontary, or his deputy, to take recognizances, shall not be affected by this act.

If any person shall represent another in entering into special bail, he shall be adjudged a felon, and shall incur the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, of an act of 4 PF. & M* intituled, an act for taking special bails, &c.

Office.

NO persons shall be elected to any office of magistracy, place, or trust, relating to the government of cities, corporations, boroughs, cinque ports, and other port towns, who shall not have received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the rites of the church of England, within one year next before such election : And every person so placed or elected, shall take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, at the same time that the oath of office is taken ; which shall be administered by those, who, by charter or usage, administer the oath of office; and, in default of such, by two justices of the corporation, if there be any such ; or otherwise by two justices of the county; and, in default thereof, every such election and placing shall be void. Which said justices above-mentioned shall cause memorandums to be made of such oaths taken before them, and delivered once a year to the town clerk, or other register or clerk, who shall enter the same in their books.

But generally there is a clause of indemnification in some aft in almost every session of parliament, provided they qualify on or before a time in such act limited.

Every person who shall be admitted into any office, civil or military, or shall receive any pay by reason of any patent or

R r grant

NEV'd

3°5

27 G. 3. c. 43.

No affidavit taken during the fession.

Fees of justices#

Regulation of bail.

Fraudulent special bait#

13 C. 2. c. I.

5 G. c. 6. Qualification for offices.

Oaths, &c«

Records of oaths.

Act of indemnity.

25 C, 2. c. 2. Sacrament in three months#

Orjginal from jORK

3°6

S5 C* 2. C, 2*

Certificate of it.

u.

Who are to take and subscribe the oaths.

Place and time.

Duties on offices and pensions.

31 G. 2. c 33. Perquisites.

31 G. 2. C. 22.

Liable to tax.

Office.

grant from the king', or shall have any command or place of trust in England or in the navy, or shall have any service or employment in the king's houshold, shall, within three months after his admission, receive the Sacrament of the Lord's-Supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in some public church on the Lord's Day, immediately after divine service and sermon. And in the court where he takes the oaths (as hereafter mentioned, which shall be within six months after his admission), he shall first: deliver a certificate of such his receiving the Sacrament, under the hands of the minister and churchwardens, and shall then make proof of the truth thereof by two witnesses on oath. And he shall also, when he takes the said oaths, make and subscribe the declaration again!! tran-fubflantiation. All which shall be enquired of, and put upon record in the respective courts.

And these, together with all ecclesiastical persons, heads and members of colleges, being of the foundation, or having any exhibition, of 18 years of age; and all persons teaching pupils; schoolmasters and ushers; preachers and teachers of separate congregations; high constables, and pra&ifers of the law, shall, within six calendar months after such admission, take and subscribe the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, in one of the courts at Westminster, or at the general or quarter-sessions of the place where he shall be or reside, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and no other; and during the time of taking thereof, all proceedings in the said court shall cease.

By the 31 G. 2. r. 22, altered and explained by the 32 G. 2, c. 33, there are certain duties laid upon offices and pensions; and so much of the salaries of such offices, as ariseth from perquisites, is directed to be under the management of the commissioners of the land tax.

By perquisites are meant such profits of offices and employments as arise from fees established by custom or authority, and payable either by the crown, or the subjects, in consideration of business done in the course of executing such offices and employments.

Where the profits of such offices shall arise from perquisites due and payable in the course of office, and not from salaries, fees, and wages paid by the crown, the same shall be under the management of the commissioners of the land tax, who shall ascertain, according to the valuation of such offices to the land tax, or otherwise according to the best of their judgment , the sum total of the perquisites arising from such office, diflind from the fialary, fees, and wages thereof.

Pardon.

NEW YQRK.PUBLK


Pardon.

3 °7

5 W. c. 13. Sureties for

WHEN a pardon is pleaded by any one for felony, the justices may, at their discretion, remand him to prison till he enter into recognizance, with two sureties for his good °ne pleading behaviour, for any time not exceeding seven years. pardon.

Parliament.

THE oath of qualification for,a feat in parliament, by estate, may be administered upon reasonable requeil made by the returning officers or two justices; who shall in three .months certify the same into the chancery or king's bench. But this is not to extend to the eldest son of a peer, or of any person qualified to serve as knight of a shire, nor to the members for either of the two universities.

No person ftiail be admitted to vote under the age of 21 years.

Every elector of a knight of the shire shall have land or tenement to the value of 40s. by the year at least above reprizes. And by the 10 H. 6. r. 2, the said 40s. a year shall be freehold.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without having a freehold estate in the county, of the clear yearly value of 40s. over and above all rents and charges payable out of the same, on penalty of 40I.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without having been in the actual poflession of the estate for which he votes, or in the receipt of the rents or profits thereof for his own use, above twelve calendar months; uplefs the same came to him by descent, marriage-settlement, devise, or promotion to a benefice or office.

The of of the land tax shall cause to be delivered to each aftelfor, a printed form of an assessment, who shall make three duplicates of such assessments, and shall (at least 14 days before delivering the assessment to the of) cause one of the said duplicates, or a fair copy thereof, to be (luck up upon the door of the church or chapel. And if the name of any owner entitled to vote shall not appear to be inserted in the assessment, he may, on giving notice in writing to one of the assessors, appeal to the said of, who shall amend the assessment as they shall see cause:, And cause one of the duplicates so amended (after having been signed and sealed by the said of, or any three of them), to be returned to the assessors ; who shall, within ten days, deliver the same to the chief constable, taking his receipt for the same. And the chief constable shall deliver upon oath such duplicate, without alteration, at the next sessions, in open court, the first day of the sessions, to the clerk of the peace,

Rr 2 to

9 An. c 5. G»th to be taken of qualification, if required.

Persons exempt.

7 8 IV c. 25.

Age of voters.

Estate of voters.

18 G. 2. c. 18.

Penalty for voting unqualified*

Jd.

Time of possession.

zoG. 3. e, 17. Lift of persons allsfl-d.

Appeal by any ptrlon omitted.

Lift delivered to high coui'table.

Orijginal from

Parliament.

3°8

iS G. i. € 18; Neglect of officers, bow p«-nished.

Fine*, bow applied.

20 G. 3. f. 17* Neglect to be remedied forth-with*

Id.

Power of appeal.

Id.

Names inserted on appeal, valid.

22 G 3. e. 4T. What persons excluded from vpting.

2 G. 2. r. 24.

Returning offiver's oath.

to be by him filed and kept amongst the records. And if the asseflor shall not deliver such duplicate, so amended, to the chief con liable; or if the chief constable shall neglect to deliver the same to the clerk of the peace, or wilfully alter the same; he shall forfeit 5I. and if not immediately paid, the justices at the Michaelmas sessions shall, by order of the court, issue a warrant of distress. But if the chief constable shall make oath at such sessions, that such duplicate was not delivered to him by the assessor, the said fine shall be imposed upon such affelfor or a (Fedors ; and the justices shall, by order of court, issue a warrant of distress. The said fines to be paid to the treasurer, and applied as part of the county (lock.

And when any assessment shall not have been made by the affelTors, and returned to the chief constable, and by him to the clerk of the peace ; the justices in sessions, or any two justices out of sessions, may order such assessment forthwith to be made and returned in manner aforesaid.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the justices at the next sessions, giving ten days notice thereof to one of the of who signed the duplicate, and to one of the assessors of the place where the estate lies ; and the sessions may award costs to either of the parties, and, by their order or warrant, levy the same by distress.

If the said of, or the said justices in sessions, upon any appeal, shall insert the names of any persons who have been improperly omitted ; such persons shall be deemed to be rated as effectually, as if the names of such persons had been originally inserted.

If any commissioner or officer employed in the customs, excise, or stamp duties, or any branch of them, or any salt officer, or surveyor, collector, or manager of the window or house duties, or any post-masters or mates of packet? employed in carrying mails, shall vote at elections for knights of the shire, citizen, burgess, &c. while they hold, or within twelve calendar months after they shall have ceased to execute any of these offices, such votes shall be null and void; and every person offending against this statute, shall forfeit the Aim of tool, one moiety to the informer, and the other to be paid into the hands of the treasurer of the county, to be applied by the justices, as they shall think fit, at the next general quarter-sessions. But this act, and the penalties thereof, shall not extend to such persons as are of of the land tax, or to any person acting by their appointment in assessing, collecting, or managing the land tax, or any other rates and duties imposed by authority of parliament. [See also Justices Act, 32. G. 3. c. 53.

Before the returning officer shall proceed to the election, he shall, immediately after the reading of the writ, take and i ub-feribe the following oath, to be administered by a justice of the peace, or any three electors. I A. B. do solemnly/wear, that I have not, direttly or indireSly, receive^ any sum or /urns of money,

OjfflCCy

r

I'M

r

"j


Parliament.

3°9

office, place, or employment, gratuity, or reward, or any bond, bill, or note, or any promise of gratuity whatsoever, either by myself, or any other person, to my use or benefit or advantage, for making any return at the present election of members to serve in parliament; and that I will return such person or persons as shall, to the best of my judgment, appear to me to have the majority of legal votes. —

Which oath shall be entered amongst the records of the sessions.

Partition.

I, 4 ' > ' ' . I ‘ „

IF the high sheriff cannot conveniently be present at the ex- $ & 9 JT.

ecution of any judgment in partition, in such case the un- c. y. der sheriff, in presence of two justices, may proceed to execu- Wm of parti* tion of the writ of partition. ex^uSd.

Pawnbrokers.

id.

ifd.

2d.

2fd,

3d-

PAWNBROKERS are allowed to take the following rate for their profit, viz.

For 5s. lent on a pledge, —

For 7s. 6d. lent on ditto, ~

For 10s. lent on ditto, —

For 12s. 6d. lent on ditto, —

For 15s. lent on ditto, —

For 17s. 6d. lent on ditto, —

For il. lent on ditto, —

And so on for any sum not exceeding iol. to be paid for by the calendar month, including the current month, in manner above-mentioned.

Where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or pledge shall exceed 2s. 6d. and not amount to iol. the person lending the same may take, by way of profit, at and after the rate of 4d. and no more, for the loan of 20s. by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

The party-entitled to and applying for the redemption of goods pawned, within the space of sevendays after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shall have been pledged, shall be at liberty to redeem the same, without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said seven days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed ; but after the expiration of the said first seven days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, the party so applying shall be at liberty to redeem such goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another, to the pawnbroker; after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole

second

27 G % 3. c. 37. Rates.

27 G. 3. c. 37.

4d. in the pound per month on all above as bd. and under iol*

Party applying to redeem.

310

7» G. 3. c. 37.

Entry in bookfi

Note to be given.

Price of it.

To be produced on demanding goods.

Pawning other's goods.

Penalty.

lanprisonment.

Whipping, if not paid.

Pawnbrokers.

second month ; and so on in every subsequent calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

All pawns shall be entered in books, if the same shall exceed 5s. before the money is advanced, with the day of the month, and year when the sum was lent, and the name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning the same ; where the money lent shall not ex-ceed 5s. such entry shall be made within four hours next after the said goods shall have been pawned.

Pawnbrokers are to give a note describing things pawned, with the particulars of time, place of abode, and name of the party pawning, and the owner of the property so pawned.

Every such note, where the sum shall be less than 5s. shall be given gratis:

Where it is $s. and less than 1 os. — -d.

For ios. and under 20s. — id.

For 20s. and under 5I. — 2d.

For 5I. and upwards, — 4d.

Which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker, before he or she shall be obliged to re-deliver the goods, except as hereinafter is excepted.

If any person shall knowingly pawn, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chattels of any other person or persons, not being employed by the owner so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness, or by confession of the person charged with such offence, before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, or place where the offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit 20s. and also the full value of the goods so pawned, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices ; and on non-payment forthwith, the justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party so convicted to the house of correction, or some other public prison of the county, town, or place wherein the offender shall reside, or be convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour for the {pace of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid. If within three days before the expiration of the'laid term of commitment, the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the prosecutor or prosecutors, the person or persons so convicted to be publicly whipped in the house of correction or prison, to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other public place of the county, town, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices

shall

!01 Oltl

:fic!

pa

n

«i

tot

£1

3

i

i

cl

k

a

1

2 *

I

1

I

G

a

I

I


Pawnbrokers*

311

Costs to injured party, or, it* refuted, to the 'poor.

Forging note or altering it.

shall Teem proper. The forfeitures, when recovered, shall be *7 G. 3* ^37* applied towards making satisfaction to the party injured, and defraying the cods of the prosecution, as shall be judged reasonable by the judice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had ; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and costs, or if there shall be any overplus, after making satisfaction and paying cods, then such respective forfeitures ,or the overplus thereof, shall be paid to the overseers for the use of the poor of such parish or place.

If any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such note, or fell any such note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with intent to defraud, every such person shall be punished as is herein-after mentioned, and any person to whom any note shall be uttered or offered, suspected to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, may seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, to convey such person or persons before some judice or justices of the peace for the county, or place wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed ; and if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such judice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, the said judice or justices shall commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, at the discretion of such judice or justices.

If any person or persons who shall offer any goods by way Goods unlavr-of pawn, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory fully pawned, account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such goods or chattels, or shall give any false information as to whether such goods or chattels are his, her, or their own property or not; or if there shall be any reason to suspect that such goods or chattels are dolen, or otherwise illegally obtained; or if any person or persons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, any person or per- cUlmed*1^ fons, his, her, or their servants, to whom such goods shall be so offered, or with whom such goods are in pledge, may seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels, and deliver such person or persons immediately into the custody of a peace officer, to be conveyed, with the said goods or chattels so offered, before some judice or justices of the peace for the county or place wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed ; and if such judice or justices shall, upon examination, have cause to suspect that the said goods were dolen, or illegally obtained, or that the person or

persons

Imprisonment*

Offender, how dealt with.

312

*7 C. j. r. 3?.

Justice's conduct when goods are unlawfully pawned.

Search allowed.

Not to be of-posed by pawnbroker.

Pawnbrokers.

perforis offering and endeavouring to redeem the same, shall not have any pretence or colour of right to redeem the same, such justice or justices may commit such person or persons into Ifi safe custody for such reasonable time a9 shall be necessary for the ta

obtaining proper information on the subjedfc, in order to be *

further examined: And if, upon either of the said examina- p tions, it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or juf* U tices, that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally ts obtained, or that the person offering or endeavouring to re- m deem the same hath not any pretence or colour of right so to j do, the said justice or justices may commit the party or par- ok ties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of 'k the county or place wherein the offence shall be committed, % there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of b the offence shall authorize such commitment by any other H law; and where it shall not authorize such commitment, then *

for any time not exceeding three, nor less than one calendar m

month, at the discretion of such justice or justices. a*

If the owner of any goods unlawfully pawned, shall make t* out, on oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or, being > a quaker, by solemn affirmation, before any justice or justices L of the peace within his or their jorifdiction, that such owner -hath had his or her goods unlawfully pawned, and that there j, is just cause to suspect that any person or persons within the rj jurisdiction of any such justice or justices hath or have, know- :i ingly and unlawfully, taken them to pawn, and shall make appear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, pro- a bable grounds for such suspicion, any justice or justices, with- , in his or their jurisdiction, may issue a warrant for searching, ,

in the day time, the house, warehouse, or other place, of any t

such person or persons, who shall be charged on oath or affir- i mation as suspected to have knowingly and unlawfully received 5 or taken in pawn any such goods, without the privity of the j owner.

If the occupier of any house, warehouse, or other place , s wherein any such goods shall, on oath or affirmation, be charged or suspected to be, shall refuse to open the same, and not , permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace 3 officer, by warrant from a justice of the peace in the division, 13 to break open any such house, warehouse, or other place, in the day time, and to search, as he shall think fit, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage ; and no pawnbroker, or other person, shall oppose or hinder any such search ; and if, upon the search of the house, warehouse, or other place of any such suspected person, any of the goods, L so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, shall be found, and the I property of the owner shall be made out, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if quakers, by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person charged with any such offence, ?5

such P

NEW

V

Pawnbrokers.

such justice or justices shall cause the goods so found, and unlawfully pawned, to be restored to the owner thereof.

If any goods shall be pawned for l'ecuring any money lent thereon, not exceeding 10I. including the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning thereof, proof having been made on oath or affirmation by one credible witness, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to be given by this act, before any justice or justices of the pawning or pledging of any such goods within the said space of one year, any such pawner, who was the real owner of such goods, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person who lent, on the security of the goods pawned, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table of rates by this act established, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the satisfac-tion of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods so pawned, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the said principal sum of 10I. to the person who borrowed the money thereon, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, then, on oath or affirmation thereof made by the pawner thereof, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, or some other credible person, any justice of the peace for the county or place where the person who took such pawn, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower, his or her executors, &c is hereby required to cause such person who took such pawn, or his, or her, or their executors. &c. within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine on oath, or affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and other credible person, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof, shall be proved to have been made (such principal money not exceeding the said lum of 10I.) by the borrower, withfn the said space of one year after pledging the goods or chattels, then on payment of such principal money, and the profit due thereon, the goods so pawned shall be restored; and in case the lender shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender made by the borrower before any such justice or justices, such justice or justices shall, by order, direct the goods or chattels so pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner, or his or her executors, administrators, or assigns ; and if the person who have lent any sum not exceeding 10I. shall neglect or refuse to deliver up, or make satisfaction for the goods proved to have been so pawned, any justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party so refusing to the house of correction, or some other public prison of the county. Scc. without

S f bail.

313

17 O. 3. c. 37. If goods are found, to be restored.

Goods under lol. to be delivered, on ten* der of money lent, and interest, within the year*

Punishment for refusing.

3*4

*7 G. 3. f. 37*

Person producing the note deemed the owner*

Where no^e bath been loft.

Another delivered*

Loss verified on oath.

Second note*

Goods sold by auctioa after a year.

Pawnbrokers.

t

bail, until he or she shall deliver up the goods so pawned, or make satisfaction for the value thereof.

Any person who shall produce any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, to the person or persons with whom the goods were pawned, as the owner thereof, or as authorized by the owner thereof, to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods, shall be deemed the real owner of such goods; and the pawnbroker shall, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to this act, deliver such goods to the person who shall produce the said note, and shall be indemnified for so doing, unless he or she shall have had previous notice not to deliver the same to the person or persons producing such note, or unless notice shall have been given that the goods pawned have been, or are suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner thereof proceeds in manner herein-after directed for the redeeming of goods pledged, where such note hath been loft, miftaid, or fraudulently obtained. In every such case, the pawnbroker shall, at the re-quest of any person who shall represent himselfor herself as the owner of the goods in pledge, deliver a copy of the note so loft, miftaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, with the form of an affidavit, printed or written, or in part printed and in part written, on the said copy, for which copy and form of affidavit, in case the money lent shall not exceed 10s. the pawnbroker shall receive id.; and in case the money lent shall exceed 10s. such sum as he is entitled to receive on giving the original note; and the person or persons having obtained such copy of the note and form of affidavit, shall prove his or her property in such goods, to the satisfaction of some justice of of the peace for the county or place where the said goods shall have been pledged ; and shall also verify on oath, or affirmation, before some justice of the peace, the truth of the circumstances mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, such oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the justice before whom the same shall be made; whereupon the pawnbroker shall suffer the person proving such property to the satisfaction of such justice, on leaving such copy of the said note, and the said affidavit or affirmation, with the pawnbroker, to redeem such goods.

All goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged, shall be deemed forfeited, and may be fold, at the expiration of one whole year; and all goods so forfeited, on which any sum above 10s. and not exceeding 10I. shall have been lent, shall be sold by public auction, but not otherwise, by the order of the person having the same in pawn, after the expiration of the said year; the name of the pawnbroker with whom the said goods were in pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some public newspaper, two days at least before the first day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner of the goods, for every offence, the sum of 5I.; and all persons redeeming:

ca:

k

CO!

"I

id'

ft

d

d

W

lit

m

Cl

' ! h

I

3

I

i

I

I

RU:

by Go

Pawnbrokers.

deeming any goods which were pawned before the nth of July, 1787, shall be permitted so to do upon the terms of, and according to the table of rates established by, the act, which was paHed in the 24th year of the reign of his present majesty, and on no other terms.

If any person entitled to redeem goods in pledge, shall before the expiration of one year, give notice in writing to the person having the same in pledge, not to fell the same at the end of one year; such goods shall not be sold by the person having the same in pledge, until the end of three months from the expiration of the said year; during which term of three months, the owner shall have liberty to redeem the same, upon the terms provided by this act.

Pawnbrokers shall enter in a book, under a penalty of iol. for neglect, a true and just account of the sale of all goods pawned for upwards of 10s. which shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the day when, and the money for which such goods were fold, with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by whom the same were fold ; and if any such goods shall be sold for more than the principal money and profit due thereon, the overplus shall be paid, on demand, to the persons by whom or on whose account such goods were pawned, or their executors, &c. in case such demand shall be made within three years after such sale, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being first deduced; the entry of every such sale to be in-! spe&ed, on paying for such inspection id.; and in case any I person shall refuse to pay such overplus, upon demand, every r such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit f treble the sum such goods shall originally have been pawned

1 for, to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant under the

hands and seals of any two justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed.

No pawnbroker shall purchase goods whilst they are in his custody, save and except at such public auction as aforesaid ; nor shall any pawnbroker purchase, or receive or take any goods in pledge, of or from any person who shall appear to be under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, or take in pawn, the note of any other pawnbroker; nor buy any goods or chattels in the course of his trade or business, before the hour of eight o'clock in the forenoon, or after seven in the evening, throughout the year; nor take in goods by way of pawn before eight in the forenoon, or , after nine in the evening, between Michaelmas-day and Lady-day, or before seven in the forenoon, or after ten in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday, and on the evenings preceding Good Friday and Christmas-day; nor shall any person or persons exercise or carry on the trade or business of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas-day,

I S f 2 Every

L

315

*7 Gi 3. c. 37.

Farther time allowed for redeeming.

Account of foie*

Overplus to owner.

Entry of fate may bein-spe&ed.

Restrictions on pawnbroker's purchasing or receiving.

Pawnbrokers

316

*7 G. 3. €. 37-Rate of profit, tec. placed in the (hop, visible and legible.

Thi* dause 1$ repealed by 28 G. 3. c. 50, ice below*

Chrirttan and surname. ( Penalty for ne-gleft.

Application of penalty*

Pawnbroker offenoing

shall make fa-tiifadion.

I

Every pawnbroker shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the rate of profit allowed by this act, and also the various prices of the notes or memorandums to be given, and place the same in a conspicuous part or parts of the (hop, so as to be visible to, and legible by, the persons pledging goods at such (hop.

If any difference or dispote shall arise between persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker, every such difference or dispute, in case the original sum lent was under 40s. shall be settled and determined by any justice of the peace acting for the county or place, who is hereby authorized and required, upon application, to hear and determine the same, which determination shall be final.

Every pawnbroker shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible characters, over the door of his or her (hop or other place made use of for carrying on that business, his or her christian and surname, and the word pawnbroker following the same, upon pain of forfeiting iol. for every place so made use of for the space of one week, without such name, &c. so painted or written, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the county or place (which warrant such justices are hereby authorized and required to grant), upon the confession of the party or pajties, or upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath or affirmation ; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering it shall be deducted, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justices are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than 14 days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

If any of the goods or chattels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the time allowed by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions of this act, or have been embezzled, or have been rendered of less value than the same were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the default or neglect of the person to Whom the same were so pledged or pawned, it shall be lawful to and for every such justice and justices, to allow a reasonable satisfaction to the owner of such goods; and the sum so allowed shall be deducted out of the principal and profit: If the satisfaction to be allowed shall be equal to, or exceed the principal and profit, then the person to whom the same were so pledged, his or her executors, &c.

shall

I?

NEW

Pawnbrokers.

shall deliver the goods of chattels so pledged to the owner or owners thereof, without being paid any thing for principal or profit, and shall also pay such excess, if any, to the person or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of iol. to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

Any justide, upon complaint made to him, on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may summon the pawnbroker before him, to attend with any book or paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her custody, relating to the same; and in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same, such pawnbroker shall forfeit iol.

Where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence again!! any part of this act, the pawnbroker shall forfeit 5I. ; and all forfeitures incurred by any offence against this act, may be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed ; half to the party complaining, and half to the over-seers of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall have been committed. Provided information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve calendar months next after the offence committed.

The churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, on having notice from a justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they are hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence so to be suggested by such justice, at the expence of the parish.

This act is not to extend to persons lending money at 5I. per cent, without further profit.

Justices are not to have any fees or gratuities for any proceedings whatsoever in pursuance of this act.

The provisoes of this act are to extend to executors. See. of pawnbrokers, except that no such executor or administrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture out of his or her own estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his or her own aft or ne-gleft.

Any person molested or prosecuted for any thing by him done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general issue; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, such defendant shall have double costs.

Any inhabitant of the parish, town, or place, in which any offence or offences shall be committed against this act, shall be admitted to give evidence, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such parish, town, or place.

The

3*7

17 G. 3. t. 37.

Pawnbroker being summon* ed, to appear with books.

Forfeiture 5*. if not otherwise directed.

How levied.

Limitation.

Prosecution* by parish officers. '

Justices to act without fees. Extends to executors.

General ifibe may be pleaded.

Double costs.

Inhabitant may be witness.

Pawnbrokers.

3*8

*7 O. 3. c. 37. Conviction to be recorded.

Liberty of appeal.

Security given.

Sessions to determine.

Public act.

2 % G. 3. r. 50. Repeal of former clause.

The conviction to be transmitted to the next general or quarter-session of the peace, to be filed and kept amongst the records; and in case any person so convicted shall appeal to the said general or quarter-session, the justices are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the form directed by this statute, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal ; and no certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this act.

If any person, thinking him or herself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, shall appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter-session of the peace, the execution of the said judgment shall in such case be suspended ; the person so convicted entering into a recognizance, at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to forfeit, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgment and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter-session, and to pay such costs as the said justices in such session shall award on such occasion ; and the justices in the said general or quarter session are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if the judgment shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter-session shall award, for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment, shall suffer the respective pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons respectively, who shall neglect to pay the respective sums or forfeitures by this act to be paid by persons convicted by virtue of this act.

This act is to continue and be in force for one year only from the first of June in the present year 1787 ; and shall be a public ad ; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever.

By the ad 27 G. 3. c. 37, it was enacted, That in case any dispute should arise bet ween any persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any goods, and the pawnbroker, respehrng the re-delivery thereof \ or the money to be paid to such pawnbroker, every such dispute, in case the original sum lent was under 40 shillings, should be settled and determined by any justice of the peace a Ring for the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, who was thereby authorized and required by examination on oath or affirmation, of the parties themselves, and any other credible person, to hear and determine the same; which determination should be final and binding unto and upon all persons 2

But

let

m

IDT]

B

I iib flit

I

»]

tk

sc

1

k

i

f

k

it

G

jj

J

1

I

1

1

NEW

by

*F n u!s

R i

Rl!

in

Pawnbrokers.

3*9

Rates as before.

Rates by this act.

But by this act, the said clause, and every matter and thing 29 G. 3*r* 57' therein contained, is declared to be repealed to all intents and

purposes.

By this act, the rates, or pledges for il. are per month, as before; and so on progressively and in proportion for any him not exceeding 40s.

And for every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum exceeding 40s. and not exceeding iol. at and after the rate of 3d. and no more, for the loan of every 20s. of such money so lent, by the calendar month, including the current month; and so in proportion for every fractional sum.

Where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or pledge shall exceed the sum of 2s. 6d. and not exceed the sum of 40s. Under 40s. the person lending the same shall and may take, by way of what sum. profit, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of 4d. and no more, for the loan of 20s. by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

In all other particulars, this act is the same with that of 27 G. 3. c. 37, that clause only excepted, which by 28 G. 3. c.

50, is repealed.

Perfumery.

FROM July 5, 1786, the following duties are to be paid on z6 Qm ^ Ct ^ the several wares and other articles herein-after mentioned:

Every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, con- Evfry feet taining any powders, pastes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, &c. damped/ waters, walhes, tinftures, essences, liquors, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, commonly known by the name of sweet feents, odours, or perfumes ; or by the name of cof-metics, which shall be vended or exposed to sale in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other materials or ingredients, fhaj] be charged with a (lamp duty according to the rates herein-after expressed ; and also upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, containing any dentifrice, powders, tinftures, or other preparation or composition whatsoever for the teeth or gums ; and upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet, box, pot, or other inclosure containing any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation or composition for the hair; and also upon every packet, or other inclosure, containing any hair powder, which shall be vended or exposed to sale in Great Britain, the price whereof shall exceed 2s. for the pound weight, shall be charged a (lamp duty according to (he rates herein-after expressed:

For every packet, &c. of perfumes, under 8d. Rate of duty,

value, — — id.

For every packet between 8d. and is. value.

i|d.

For

320

Perfumery.

Hair powder.

iS-(7» 3>c< 49* Drug* and common soap exempt.

Licence is.

Penalty on un-licensed venders.

Inscription.

Penalty, If false.

Labels, where

had.

Penalty on not using them.

1

Wholesale deal-eis in h ir powder exempted. -s

For every packet between is. and 2s. 6d. value, 3d.

For every packet between 2s. 6d. and 5s. value, 6d.

For every packet of 5s. value, or upwards, is.

The said several duties aforesaid to be levied and paid upon such and every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure, and upon each and every roll, cake, ball, or piece of such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall be vended or exposed to saie as aforesaid, according to the ref-pe&ive prices or values above rated. t

And also, for every packet of hair powder under 2s. per pound, shall be charged a llamp duty of id. for each pound.

Nothing contained in this act shall extend to drugs, &c. liable to the duties imposed by 25 G. 3. c. 79, nor to common soap unmixed with perfumes.

Persons vending articles hereby taxed, are to pay is. annually fora licence. The several duties herein granted are to be under the management of the commissioners of (lamps — The of of stamps, or persons authorized by them, are to grant licences for a year, from the 5th of July, 1786, to be renewed annually ten days before they expire. Persons felling articles liable to this duty, without a licence, forfeit 5I.

Every person vending or evpofing to sale any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, and licensed so to do by virtue of this act, shall, within the space of twenty days after such licence shall have been granted, cause the words Licensed to deal in Perfumery, to be painted or written in large and legible characters, either over the door, or in some visible place in the front of his or her house, (hop, or warehouse, at the ref-peftive places at which he or she shall vend or expose to sale any such articles as aforesaid; on pain, for neglect of so doing, of forfeiting 5I.

Unlicensed persons fixing such notice on their houses, forfeit 20I.

Venders are to send to the of, or to the officers appointed for that purpose, for stamped labels to pafle on packets, &c. in such manner as the of shall direct.

Persons felling packets. See. without a stamped wrapper, or with one of a wrong denomination, forfeit 5I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

It shall be lawful for any person who is a maker of hair powder, having duly made a true entry at any office of excise in Great Britain, as required by the several statutes in that case made and provided, to vend and fell to any person dealing in hair powder, and licensed in pursuance of this act, and for such licensed person to buy for sale any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed the rate of two shillings/for the pound weight, and packed in any calks, cheils, cases, bags.

or

NEWYC

m

1

Perfumery.

321

or other packages, each package whereof shall contain 224 26 G, 3. e 49. pounds of such hair powder at the lead, without affixing, or being required to affix, to the same, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or stamped according to the directions of the act.

Every such maker of hair powder, as aforesaid, who shall Account of sale. vend or sell the same without (lamps, shall keep one or more book or books, wherein he shall fairly enter in writing a true account of all such hair powder which shall be sold by him without (lamps, and the name of the person to whom the same was so fold, and the particular days and times when the same was so fold ; which book and books any officer or officers appointed by the said of, or any three of them, for that purpose, may, at all seasonable times, in the day-time, examine, and take any copy or copies of the same, or of such parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without moles-tation, under the pain and penalty that every person offending in any of the particulars above mentioned shall, for every such offence, forfeit 20I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

Persons felling wares, &c. subject to the aforesaid duties. Penalty onufing with the same label a second time, shall forfeit 10I.

Also person^ felling or buying labels to be used a second time, or buying or selling packets with such labels, forfeit iol.

Five pounds per cent, discount is to be allowed, by the of, for prompt payment of the aforesaid duties.

Every person who shall vend or expose to sale any such wares, or other articles as aforesaid, liable to the duties by this act imposed, before he shall obtain a licence to vend or expose to sale the same in pursuance of this act, shall give notice in writing of the usual (hop, house, or place, where he shall vend Previous notice or expose to sale the same, or intends so to doj which notice Place of *alc# shall be given or sent to the of of (lamps, or to their officers next adjacent to the place where such wares or other articles are vended or exposed to sale, or intended so to be; and the like notice shall be given or sent by every such person, as often as he shall change the places where such goods and other articles are by him fold, or intended to be sold ; which notice shall contain the particular (hop. &c. and the particular room or apartment of the (hop. Sec. wherein the same are so vended or exposed to sale, or intended so to be, upon pain that every person making default in giving notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay 5I. to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed ; and all such wares, &c. subject to the duties hereby imposed, which shall be kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, in any (hop. Sec. whereof notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid (except such wares, and other articles aforesaid, which are particularly specified in a certain schedule to this act annexed ; and which are hereby allowed to be kept for

T t ' sale.

twice the same label.

Fraudulent purchase or sale of

IjtbeW.

Allowance for prompt payment.

322

Perfumery.

Officer raay enter to examine.

% 6G. 3*c. 49. Tale, and exposed to Tale, in any such shop, Sec. in bulk or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof), shall be deemed to require a cover, wrapper, or label, marked and stamped as by this act is required, to be previously affixed thereon, in manner to be directed by the said of as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for any officer or officers, being thereunto authorized by the said of, to enter in the day time into any such shop, &c. or any room or apart- sa ment whereof such notice shall have been given as aforesaid, jtt and there to search and examine whether the said several wares, ai and other articles aforesaid, so kept ready for sale, or offered a] to sale, in such shop. See. have respectively a cover, wrapper, or label duly affixed thereto, or to the inclosures containing the i same, according to the directions of this act ; and if such wares. See. (except as herein excepted) shall be exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale, in any shop. Sec. without any cover, a wrapper; or label affixed thereto, or with a cover, wrapper, or label of less value than by this act is directed, or with a cover, jj wrapper, or label affixed thereto insufficiently, and contrary to a the directions of the said of, it shall be lawful for i such officer and officers respectively, to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the said wares, &c. so exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale, or to the respective inclosures thereof, a cover, wrapper, or label marked and stamped as aforesaid (to be supplied by the said officer or officers, if occasion shall require), in such manner as the said of shall from time to time direct ; and if the owner or vender thereof, or the person having the care thereof, shall not upon demand pay and discharge to the said officer and officers all such sums of money as shall have become due and payable by him, in respect of the stamps upon the said covers, wrappers, or labels so supplied as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay 5I. over and above the said duties, to be recovered and applied as herein.after is directed.

Persons obstructing officers in the execution of their duty, forfeit 20I.

In case any covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be damaged in affixing the same, upon such wares, &c. or otherwise, so as to |< be rendered unfit for use, it shall be lawful for any person licensed in pursuance of this act, to bring such covers, wrappers, ' 1 or labels, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with l| the wares or other articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the of for managing the stamp duties, i or to the head officer appointed by them, and on oath (or so- S lemn affirmation, in case such licensed person shall be a it quaker), thereof made by such licensed person, to the satis- i* faction of the said of or head officer so appointed (who are hereby authorized to administer such oath or solemn \ affirmation, and to examine into ail circumstances relating to

the

May demand what is due.

May not be ob*

ftrudfced.

Damaged labels made good.

LIBRA

Perfumery. 323

the damaging the same), that such covers, wrappers, or labels, 26 <?. 3. c. 49. so defaced or rendered unfit for the purpose intended, have not been used for any other purpose ; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought after the same have been fold ; and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the same, except the money first paid for such covers, wrappers, or labels; then, and in such case, the said of are hereby required, after destroying such defaced covers, wrappers, or labels, to deliver to such licensed person other covers, wrappers, or labels, of the same denomination or value, without demanding or taking, for the same, any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever.

Persons felling articles subject to the duties herein men- Penalty on not tioned, in any place not specified by notice, forfeit 5I. specifying place.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to the sale of any Exported goods wares or other articles, by any licensed person as aforesaid, to not liable, any person in Great Britain for the purposes of exportation, where such wares and other articles so fold shall be, bona fde and without fraud, exported to foreign parts 3 and in every such case, the person or persons felling the same for exportation shall, within three days after the sale thereof, give notice in writing to the said of, or at the office of Notice to com-the distributors of stamps next adjacent to the place where he missioners. or they shall respectively reside, of all such wares or other articles aforesaid, which shall be so fold for exportation ; which notice shall contain the quantities and denominations of all such wares or other articles aforesaid, and the name and names of the person or persons to whom the same are so fold, and the port from which the same are to be exported ; and all such notices shall be filed by the said of, or their officers, to whom the same are given and sent as aforesaid; and a certificate thereof, containing the like quantities and denominations of the wares or other articles, and also the names, persons, and places expressed in such notices respectively, shall, if required, be made out under the hands of the said of, or their officers aforesaid, and delivered gratis to the person or persons by whom such notices respectively were given or sent; and in all prosecutions of offenders for felling or buying any such articles contrary to the provisions of this act, every such certificate shall be legal evidence of notice, and of the quantities and denominations of the wares and other articles aforesaid expressed or contained therein.

Persons convicted of offences against this act, forfeit their ijcence for, licences ; and for a renewal of such licence, after the first of- feited. fence, shall give a bond for the penal sum of iool. — and fora Bond,ifre-renewal of such licence after a second offence, the bond shall newed* be for double the sum specified in the preceding bond.

The aforesaid duties are to extend to all articles included in the schedule annexed.

T t 2 Persons

324 .

26 G. 3. c. 49. Forged ft amps.

Penalties. How sued for*

Perfumery.

Time limited

to fix mombv

One justice

to give judgment. s,

Penalties, how applied.

Persons counterfeiting (lamps, or tiling damps knowing them to be counterfeited, are guilty of felony.

Former powers relative to stamp duties, are to extend to this act.

All pecuniary penalties imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall be sued for and recovered, with full costs of suit, in any of his majesty's courts at Wedminder, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

No informer shall be intitled, to his share of penalties, who does not prosecute within the time limited.

It shall be lawful for any judice of the peace redding near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which said judice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any such information exhibited at any time within dx calendar months after such offence shall have been committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fad, and upon due proof thereof, either by the oath of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath he is hereby impowered to administer), to give judgment for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed; which penalties shall be divided and distributed, one moiety to the informer who shall prosecute for the same, and the other moiety (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being fird deduded) to his majesty; and to issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for three months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any person shall find himself aggrieved by the judgment of such justice, then he may, upon giving security to the value of such penalty, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices at the next general quarter-sessions for the county or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to determine the same; and in case the judgment shall he affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

Witnesses.

NEW Y

Perfumery.

Witnesses neglecting to attend, forfeit 40 shillings.

For the form of conviction, fee the end of this work,.

It shall be lawful for the said justice, where he shall see cau(e, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties, so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the cods and charges ; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

The several duties herein-before granted, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who shall keep a separate account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, &c. are directed to be paid; and the said money, so paid into the exchequer, shall be carried to and made part of the fund commonly called the sinking fund, and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is, or by law may be applicable unto.

His majesty's shares of penalties are to be paid to the said receiver, and paid by him into the exchequer annually on Augull 13.

If any person shall, at any time, be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become non-suited, then such defendant shall have treble costs awarded to him against such plaintiff.

325

26 G. 3. c. 49.

Penalties mitt, gated.

Net removable.

Duties, to whom paid.

His majesty's shares of penalties to the same.

General issue.

SCHEDULE FIRST,

I*I I* ; > ' -

To which this act refers.

Containing the names of such articles as are subject to the duties by this act imposed.

Almonds - Powder of

Paste

Soap Wash Balls

Amber, - Essence of

Soap Wash Balls

Balsam - for the Hair

Bears - Grease

Bergamotte,

326

Perfumery.

I

Bergamotte,

Bouquet

Camphirc

Cedar,

Citron,

Civet,

Cypress,

Ci there. Cream,

Pentifrice

Pew, -»

Filberts,

Flowers,

Hair Powder, Honey

Honeysuckles,

Hyacinth,

JeBamine,

Jonquil,

- so called EBence of Pomatums Walh Balls Water

so called EBence of Powder Water Pomatums

- Walh Balls

- ElTence of EBence of

- so called EBence of Powder

- so called EBence of Water

Sweet Cypress Powder Cyprian Odoriferous Powder

- Water

- Cold, for the Face Beautifying, for ditto White Cream Walh Balls Marble ditto

- so called Spence's ditto Rufpini's ditto Pearl ditto Myrrh ditto Vegetable ditto

- Olympian Naples

- Oil of

- EBence of

- so called

- Water

- EBence of Pomatums

- EBence of

- EBence of Milk of Oil of Powder of Pomatums Syrup of Water

- ' EBence of

Jonquil,

Perfumery.

Jonquil, - - Water of

Pomatums Lavender, - - Distilled Water

Ditto from the Flowers Essence of Volatile ditto Powder of Pomatums

1 Wash Balls

Lemon, - Essence of

Lillies, Carnation of Milk of Powder of Wash Balls

Lime, - Essence of

Marechalle, i so called Powder of Duchesse French

Pomatums

I Water

Mignionette, m Essence of

Millefleurs, - Essence of

Powder of

Pomatums

- Water

Mulk, - 1 Essence of Powder of

Myrrh, Essence of

Myrtle, - Essence of

Oeillett, JV It ' t m so called Essence of Pomatums Powder

Orange, Essence of Powder of ' Butter

1 # w / . Pomatum

Orange Flower, m Essence of Powder of Pomatum

Paints, , cr Rouge Blanche Vegetable Rouge Serviette Rouge

Peach Kernels, m Powder of

. - v Royal Tincture of

Peach Blofloms, m Powder of

Pearl, 1 - ‘ V* + '*» Essence of k *

1 Go 8le

1

327

Pearl,

328

Perfumery.

Pearl, ... Powder of

Powder of Pearl of India Water

Paste; - Chinese

Spermaceti Pomatums, - - Duchesse

French

Flora

Italian

Common, hard and soft Scented

Pomade de Nerole Pomade de Grasse Royal Pomatum for the Face Sweet Storax Pomatum Powders, - - A la Reine

Aromatic

Artois

Bloom

Devonshire

Black

Brown

Grey

Orris

Orleans

Pink

Red

Yellow

Scented

for the Face

Chinese Face Powder

Royal Powder

Sangwine's powder for the teeth Shaving Powder Pulville, - - so called

Rhodium, - - so called

Essence of

Roses, ... Essence of

Cream of

Vegetable Cream of . Milk of Odour of Liquid Bloom of Powder of Pomatums

-i

N. B. Several attempts have been made to levy the penalties of this act on druggtfts, felling this article per fe, without a stamp j but they have not succeeded ; nor indeed is it reasonable that they should ; as it evidently appears, that, having been already subject to taxation as a drug, it cannot again be taxable, till it is mixed with hair powder.

Savon,

k

i.

fck

f!"'

Perfumery.

Savon, -Savonette, Soap,

Sweet Briar, -Tinctures,

Thyme,

' Tuberose,

Violet,

Wash Balls,

Washes,

Waters,

Wool,

- Royal

- de GrafTe

- Alicant Bath Cake Improved Jerusalem Joppa Italian Naples Perfumed Venice

- Essence of Powder of

. for the Teeth Greenough's ditto Rufpini's ditto

- Essence of

Essence of Pomatum Water

» Essence of Powder of

Fargeon's Powder of

Pomatums

Water

Circaflian Chemical Italian Marble

Queen's Marble Royal Cyprian

- Venetian Bloom Turkish

- Perfumed Carmes Cologne

Italian Hair Water Miss in her Teens Suave

Sans Pareille Vento's Italian Water

- Chiha India Spanish

329

U u

SCHEDULE


I

r

33°

Perfumery,

1

I H<JW. 172.

3 Ittft. 164. Perjury defined.

1 Haw. 177.

Subornation

explained.

5 El. c. 9.

Penalty for tttbornation.

5 El. c. 9. Punishment of perjury.

SCHEDULE SECOND,

r . T.

To which this act refers.

(Containing the names of such articles, liable to the duties by this act imposed, which are allowed to be kept for sale in bulk, or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label, affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof.

t /

Almond Pafle Almond Powdej*

Bears Grease Cold Cream Italian square hard Soap Naples soft Soap

Perfumed and coloured Hair Powder, aboye the price of 2s. per pound weight Rouge in Pots Wa(h-bal!s of all forts.

Perjury and Subornation.

4 - 11 . /

PERJURY, by the common law, seemeth to be a wilful false oath, by one, who, being lawfully required to de-pose the truth in any judicial proceeding, (wears absolutelyf in a matter material to the point in question, whether he be believed or not.

Subornation of perjury, by the common law, seems to be an offence, in procuring a man to take a false oath, amounting to perjury, who actually taketh such oath.

As to subornation of perjury, by the statute, every person who shall unlawfully and corruptly procure any witness to commit any wilful and corrupt perjury, in any matter or cause depending in suit and variance, in chancery, or in any court of record ; or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any witness, which shall be sworn to testify in perpetuam rei memcriam, shall forfeit 40I. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, who shall sue for the same. And if he has not lands or goods worth 40I. he shall be imprisoned half a year, and (land on the pillory one whole hour in some market town next adjoining to the place where the offence was committed, in open market there, or in the market-town itself where the offence was committed. And he shall be disabled to be a witness in any court of record.

And as to perjury, if any person, either by subornation or otherwise, shall wilfully and corruptly commit any wilful perjury, by his depoiition in any of the courts before-mentioned, . or

ME',

; Arv.- Ji* .It

Perjury and Subornation.

33i

1

Or being examined ad perpetuam ret memoriam, he shall forfeit 20I. in like manner, and be imprisoned six months; and if he has not goods worth 20I. he shall be set on the pillory in feme market-place within the shire, city, or borough, where the offence was committed, by the sheriff or head officer respectively, and have both his ears nailed. And he shall be for ever disabled to be a witness in any court of record.

And the judge of the court where the perjury shall be, and 5 El. c. 9* the judges of assize, and justices of the peace in sessions, may Where to be esquire, hear, and determine thereof, by inquisition, present- tried> ment, bill, or information, or otherwise.

Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, orfuboma- 2 G. 2. e. 25. tion of perjury, besides the punishment inflicted by other laws Further punish-for so great crimes, shall be sent to some house of correction merit of this within the same county, for a time not exceeding seven years , cnmc* there to be kept to hard labour during all the said time, or otherwise to be transported beyond the seas, for seven years, as the court shall think most proper: And the person convicted shall be committed or transported, over and beside such punishment as shall be adjudged, agreeable to the laws now in being; and if he return before the expiration of the seven years, h£ shall suffer death as a felon.

Petition*

NO person shall solicit above 20 hands to any petition td c. 2. r. 5.

the king, or either house of parliament, for alteration Caution* about of matters established by law in church or (tate, unless the obtaining signa-matter thereof hath been consented to by three or more justices of the county, or by the major part of the grand jury at the l,on* assizes or sessions; or if arising in London, by the lord mayor, aldermen, and common council; nor shall present any such about present-petition accompanied by more than ten persons, on pain of a ing it. sum not exceeding iool. and three months imprisonment, on conviction at the assizes or sessions in six months, and proved by two witnesses.

Pewter and other Metals.

r . t '. ‘I *' ' i f I

THE mailer and wardens of the craft of pewterers, and 19 H. 7. c 6.

where there are none such, the head and governors of s«rcher8 »p-the city or borough, may appoint searchers ; and the justices pewter" at Michaelmas sessions shall appoint two persons, having experience therein, to search within the county; and of all unlawful pewter or brass which they shall find, half shall be to the king, and half to the searchers.

No person using the crafts of pewterer and brazier, shall IJ. fell or change any pewter or brass, at any place, but only in Sold.

U u 2 open

332

zi G. 3. (.69. Receiving stolen pewteo &c.

3 Inf . 219. Caution as to this punishment.

9 Ait. c, 2. joftice'e duty herein.

Pewter and other Metals.

open fair or market, or in his own dwelling-house, except he bedefired by the buyer of such ware; on pain of iol. half to the king, and half to him who shall seize or sue.

Every person who shall buy or receive any pewter pot, or other pewter, knowing the same to be dolen, &c. shall, on conviction, although the principal felon has not been convicted of dealing the same, be transported as a felon for seven years, or be detained in prison, and therein kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year ; and within that time (if such court shall think fitting), such offender or offenders shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three times, publicly whipped.

Pillory and Tumbrel.

SEEING the judgment to the pillory or tumbrel doth make the delinquent infamous, the justices of the peace should be well advised before they give judgment of any person to this punishment, unless they have good warrant for that judgment therein. Fine and imprisonment, for offences fineable by them, is a fair and sure way.

Plag

26 G 2. 0* 6.

Watchmen's

nea!e£h

9 An* r. 2.

Per Ton s coming on & ore.

ue.

WHEN quarantine shall be appointed, the justices of the counties adjoining, or one of them, shall forthwith cause watches to be kept by day and night, in the most proper and convenient places, within the several adjacent parishes; who shall not permit any person whatsoever to come on shore from, or go on board any ships under quarantine, except only such as shall have the charge of seeing the quarantine duly performed, or such as shall be licensed by such person having charge of the quarantine.

And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchman, shall neglect his duty, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any person shall come on shore, or go aboard any other ship, the persons appointed for seeing quarantine duly performed, may compel him to return and continue during the quarantine: And such person so leaving such ship, and being thereof (after expiration of the quarantine) convicted by oath of one witness, before onejudice near, shall forfeit not exceeding 20I. to be paid immediately to such judice, who may reward the informer thereout not exceeding a third part, and pay the remainder (charges deducted) to the poor of the parish where the conviction shall be ; and in default of payment, he

may

f

cl

4

4

Z

k

n

i

if

a

N

A

J

»i


Original

333

Plague.

may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month.

When any part of Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, France, Spain, Portugal, or the Low Countries, shall be infected, the king, by proclamation, may prohibit all small boats and vessels under the burden of 20 tons, from failing out of port, till security be first given by the mailer, to the satisfaction of the principal officer of the customs, or chief magistrate of the port, by bond to the king with sureties, in the penalty of 300I. that he shall not go to or touch at any place mentioned in the proclamation ; and that the mailer and every mariner and passenger shall, during the time aforesaid, not go on board any other vessel at lea; and that he Ih^ll not permit any person to come on board such boat or vessel at sea; and shall not receive any goods out of any other vessel; for which bond, no fee shall be taken. And if such boat or vessel shall fail before such security given, the same, together with the tackle and furniture, shall be forfeited to the king; and the master and every mariner therein, being thereof convicted, on his appearance or default, on oath of one witness, by one justice where the offender shall be found, shall forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender shall be found, by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to prison for three months.

Whenever the king, with the advice and consent of parliament, shall direct lazarets to be provided, for receiving of persons obliged to perform quarantine, or for airing of goods, it shall be lawful to cre& the same, either in any waste grounds or commons, or where there are not sufficient, in the several grounds of any person whatsoever, not being a house, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk, or avenue to a house, paying for the same as shall be agreed on between the persons interested, and any two persons appointed by the king under his flgn manual; and if they cannot agree, then the said two persons shall, 30 days before the sessions, give to the occupier a notice in writing, describing the quantity of ground, and purporting that the consideration for the same will be settled by a jury at such sessions. And the justices there, on proof of such notice, shall charge the jury which shall attend there (or some other jury to be then and there impanelled and returned by the sheriff without fee), and cause them to be sworn, well and truly to assess the value of such grounds, to whom the parties may have their challenges; and the verdict of the said jury, and the judgment of the justices thereupon, shall be conclusive, and finally bind all parties; and thereupon the king shall hold such grounds for such term as he shall judge necessary, paying for the same such rent or other consideration as shall be so assessed.

The

9 An. c. 2. Temporary prohibitions till security given.

Not so touch at any infected place.

Not to go on boaid, or receive goods.

Penalty for neglect.

26 G, 2. f. 6. Lazarets provided.

Jury to value lands.

334

12 G. 3 e. 57. LoTds of the treasury may contract.

1 y. t. 31.

Rate on inha* bitants for relieving the in-uettd,

t y. c. 3it

r within five miles.

26 G. 2* c. 6.

Certificate of health.

Id.

Goods opened and aired.

Id.

No fee taken.

26 G. 2. c. 6. False certificate felony.

Plague.

The lofds of the treasury may contract for an absolute pu*-chafe of such land, messuages, and tenements, to be vested in the crown unalienably: And if the parties cannot agree, the price shall be settled at the sessions as aforesaid, on giving like notice to the owner.

The mayor, head officers, and justices of the peace of every city, borough, town-corporate, and places privileged, or any two of them, may assess every inhabitant, and all hOofes of habitation, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the reasonable relief of persons infected with the plague, or inhabiting in infected houses, and levy the same by warrant; and if the party assessed shall refuse to contribute, and the parties to whom the warrant is directed shall not find any goods to levy the same, then upon return thereof, they shall, by warrant, cause the person to be arrested, and committed to gaol till he shall pay.

If the inhabitants of such place shall find themselves unable to relieve all such persons, or if the infection shall be in a town where there are no justices, or in a village or hamlet, then two justices of the county may assess the inhabitants of the county, within five miles of the place infected, at such weekly sums as they shall think fit, for the reasonable relief of persons infected; to be levied by their warrant, by sale of goods, and in default thereof, by imprisonment as aforesaid.

After quarantine performed, and on proof thereof by the oaths of themaster and two other persons of the ship, or by the oaths of two credible witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of that or the next port, or their deputies, or a justice near, and that the vessel and every such person are free from infection 5 and after producing a certificate thereof signed by the chief officer who superintended the quarantine ; such officer of the customs, together with the said justice, shall give a certificate thereof (gratis), and thereupon the vessel and every such person shall be liable to no farther restraint.

All goods liable to quarantine shall be opened and aired, as by such orders shall be directed ; and after such order hath been complied with, and a certificate thereof given by the chief officer appointed to superintend the quarantine and airing of such goods, and proof made thereof by the oaths of two witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of the next port, or any of their deputies, or any justice living near; on certificate and return of such proof by such custom-house officer to the of of the customs, they, or two of them, by their order, shall discharge the same.

And if any person shall take any fee for such oath, order, or certificate, he shall forfeit iool. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchman, shall in such case give a false certificate; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Players,

NEW YO

335

Players,

EVERY person who shall for hire, gain, or reward, acte, or cause to be acted, any play or other entertainment of the stage, or any part therein, if he shall have no legal settlement where he acts, without authority from the king or the lord chamberlain, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the 12 An. (which ad is repealed; but the same is re-enacted by the 17 G. 2. c. 5.) or otherwise he shall forfeit 50I. in which case he shall not also suffer as a vagrant.

The penalties may be recovered in the courts at Westminster, or before two justices, by the oath of one witness, or con-session, to be levied by distress; and, for want of sufficient distress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction not exceeding six months, to be kept to hard labour; or to the common gaol, not exceeding six months, without bail or mainprize: Persons aggrieved by order of the justices, may appeal to the next sessions : The said penalties to be distri^uted, half to the informer, and half to the poor.

But, by special acts of parliament, playhouses are permitted to be erected in particular places. — See Art. Theatres Li-censed.

Any house, room, garden, or other place kept for public dancing, music, or other entertainment of the like kind, in London, or within 20 miles thereof, without licence (except the theatres of Drury-lane, Covent garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercised by letters patent or licence of the crown, or of the lord chamberlain), shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit 100I. See Gaming.

police Bill. — See Justices in Westminster, &c.

10 G. 2. c. 28. Restriction on players.

Id.

Penalties, ho«^ recovered and applied.

Special acts for them.

tj C# 2. C.

Unlicensed rooms, &c disorderly.

Polygamy.

IF any person within hrs majesty's dominions of England and 1 J> c- n.

Wales, being married, shall marry any person, the former Fc,ony* husband or wife being alive; such offence shall be felony (but within clergy), and the person and persons so offending shall suffer death, as in cases of felony.

This act shall not extend to any person, whose husband or Id. wife shall be continually remaining beyond the seas, by the A case of ex-space of seven years together.

Nor to any person whose husband or wife shall absent him or herself, the one from the other, by the space of seven years together, in any part of his majesty's dominions, the one of them not knowing the other to be living within that time.

Nor to any person who shall be, at the time of such marriage, divorced by sentence in the ecclesiastical court.

On

emption.

Id.

Another.

I J c. II.

Nor in calc of divorce.

m

336

i H. H. 692.

Who to be witness.

17 G. 2. r. 38. Poor aggrieved may appeal*

43 EL c. 2. Time of chu sing.

Id.

Office vacant, how filled.

Id.

Penalty on nonappointment*

Str. JC04. Ixtra parochial place.

Sir. 1261. Overseers, how described.

] 7 G.z. c. 38. To receive books, &c.

Polygamy.

v

On a prosecution upon this datute, the first and true wife is not to be allowed as a witness against the husband ; but it seems clear that the second wife may be admitted to prove the second marriage, for (he is not his wife so much as de facto.

Poor.

IF any person shall be aggrieved by any thing done or omitted by the churchwardens and overseers, or by any of his rtajedy's justices of the peace, he may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next ge- jj neral or quarter-sessions, where the same shall be heard, and Qj finally determined ; but if reasonable notice be not given, then & they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions; and u the court may award reasonable cods to either party, as they may do by 8 fcff 9 W. in case of appeals concerning settlements. . 8|

k

Appointment of Overseers,* with their Duty there- ;;

upon.

THE churchwardens of every parish, and four, three, or two substantial houlholders there, as shall be thought meet, having respect to the greatness of the parish, to be nominated 1 yearly in Easter week, or within one month after Eader, under the hand and seal of two or more justices of the peace in the same county (1 ^.) dwelling in or near the parish or division, shall be called overseers of the poor of the same pa-ri/h.

If any overseer shall die, or remove, or become insolvent, before the expiration of his office, two justices (on oath thereof made) may appoint another in his dead.

And if in any place there shall be no such nomination of overseers as is before appointed, every judice of the division shall forfeit 5I. to the poor of such place, to be levied by the church-wardens and overseers, or one of them, by didrefs, by warrant from thefessions.

An extra-parochial place, not having the reputation of a ville, is not liable to maintain its own poor. t

Overseers mud be described, in pursuance of the words of the datute, as subjlatitial housholders in the said parish.

The overseers thus appointed, and taking upon them the office, shall, within fourteen days, receive the books of assess- ;j ments and of accounts, from their predecessors, and what

# See a trail, entitled *c The Duty of.Overseers of the Poor, price is. ju Printed fox Faulder and Robinfons, Lomon, 1792.

money „

-Orig'iral from


337

Poor. ( Over Jeers.)

money and materials shall be in their hands, and reimburse them their arrears.

And they shall take order from time to time, with the con- 43 sent of two such justices as aforesaid, for setting to work the ^°wfo^h ,dren children of all such whose parents shall not, by the said church- w r 9 wardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain them; and also for setting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, having no means to arj(i such as have maintain them, and using no ordinary and daily trade. Which no meansof said churchwardens and overseers, or such of them as shall not maintaining be let by sickness or other just excuse, to be allowed by two themselves. such justices, shall meet at lead once a month, in the church, on Sunday in the afternoon, after divine service, there to con- month# iider of some good course to be taken, and order to beset down in the premises ; upon pain that every one of them absenting themselves without lawful cause, from such monthly meeting, or being negligent in their office, shall forfeit, for every de- penalty for noC fault, 205. to the poor; to be levied by some or one of the meeting, churchwardens and overseers, by warrant from two such justices, by distress ; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeiture shall be paid.

Provided that if any person shall be aggrieved by any att done by the said churchwardens and other persons, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties.

Of Persons having no Settlement.

WITHIN 40 days after any poor persons shall come to settle in any tenement under jol. a year, two justices (1. i£.) may remove them to the place where they were last legally settled ; unless they give sufficient security for discharge of the parish, to be allowed by the said justices.

If any person, who shall come into any parish or place there to reside, shall at the same time procure, bring, and deliver to the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place, or to any of them, a certificate, under the hands and seals of the churchwardens and overseers of any other parish, or the major part of them, or of the overseers where there are no churchwardens; to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; thereby owning and acknowledging the person mentioned in the said certificate to be an inhabitant legally settled in that parish, town-ship, or place ; every such certificate, having been allowed of and subscribed by two justices of the place, shall oblige the said parish or place, from which the certificate shall come, to receive and provide for the person mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that parish,

X x whenever

13 & 14 C. 2. e, 12. Removable within forty days.

% &9IP. c. 30. Certificate to be admitted.

338

8 & 9 ^3°»

Not removeable till adoally chargeable*

9 £f io JT.

f. ii.

What fcti aside a fertihcate*

3 G. % c. 29.

Witnesses oath respecting certificate.

Burrcw't Sett I, eaje 581, TJnsigned certificate*

- *

8 £? 9 r. 30. Extent of certificate.

Poor, f Certificate.)

whenever they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to ask relief of, the parish, town ship, or place, to which die certificate was given : And then, and not before, it shall be lawful for such person, and his children, though born in that parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and settled in the parish of place from whence such certificate was brought.

No person, who shall come into any parish by such certificate, shall be adjudged by any att whatsoever to have procured a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and bona fide take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of iol. or shall execute some annual office in such parish.

The witnesses who attest the execution of the certificate by the churchwardens and overseers, or one of the said witnesses, shall make oath before the justices who are to aHow the same, that such witness or witnesses did fee the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, whose names apd seals are thereunto subscribed and set, severally sign and seal the said certificate; and that their names are of their own proper hand-writing ; which said justices shall also certify, that such oath was made before them. And every such certificate so allowed, and oath of the execution thereof so certified by the said justices, shall be allowed, in all courts whatsoever, and received as evidence, without other proof thereof,

a *.

!l

be

ill

itl

( I

Certain general Rules concerning Certificates.

A Parish cannot be compelled to grant a Certificate.

A Certificate is not binding, unless signed by the

J ustices.

THE justices are not obliged ministerially to allow and sign a certificate. They have a discretion to allow ir, or not to allow it, if it be liable to objection. And if it is not a certificate within the act (which it is not, unless properly signed), it cannot conclude the parish.

^ I

A Certificate extends

NOT only to the certificate man himself, but likewise to all his family and all his children, whether born before or after the certificate*

A

Origin

NEW YO

t

339

Poor. (Certificate.)

A Certificate is conclusive against the Parish certifying.

BECAUSE a certificate is a solemn #acknowledgment, 2 Salk, 535. whereby the party is owned to be legally settled there: And Parifll granting as all other parishe9 on this certificate are bound to receive him, ,t,s oun so the parish that certifies is concluded as to all other parishes.

. / i

A Certificate is not binding against a subsequent Settlement. , 1

A CERTIFICATE, promising to receive the persons when- 3 253,

ever they become chargeable, is not conclusive against a fet- May be super* tlement obtained afterwards; for though it be according to fede<* the agreement between the parishes, ^et a private agreement in this respect shall not alter the law.

t i % 4 *

( d y\rn : '

A Certificate is not restrieftive from gaining a Settle- ment in a third Paritji.

A CERTIFICATE provides for the security of that parish Burrow's only, into which the certificate persons came to reside by vir- Cafe 186. tue of such certificate; but doth not exclude a certificate per- J?y ^bfe^nent son from gaining a settlement in another parish, in the same fettcrncnU manner as any other person may do.

A Certificate is discharged by an Estate of a Man's

own.

A MAN may not be removed from his own, whether it come to him by defeent, devise, or purchase; and continuing pixe/b/pur-thereon 40 days, he shall thereby gain a settlement, provided chafe, that, in case of purchase, the consideration paid amount, bonet side, to the sum of 30I.

A Certificate is discharged by a Removal.

Burrow's Setth Cases 373i Penalty for re* turning.

X x 2 A Certi*

THE law is so far from looking upon a certificate as continuing after an order of removal, that the pauper cannot return to the place from which he was removed, without incurring a penalty.

# Appendix, No. 59.

340

Poor. (Certificate,)

A Certificate is discharged by the Pauper's desert>

ing it.

9 G, e. 7. THE certificate aft fays, that the apprentice shall not gain

Cafe of ap- a settlement in the parish to which his mailer came by certifi-

oertificate" cate* But if this apprentice hath gained an intermediate settlement, he ought to be sent to that settlement which he hath intermediately gained.

Of Settlement by Birth.

Of Bastards.

Settled where born.

Cases ofS. 66. Not, jf by collusion.

3 Salk. 66. or by persuasion.

Cases of S. 66. or by unavoid* able hindrance.

Id.

To go with the order, if born in transitui

17 G.i. c. 5. Woman to be delivered.

'Settlement of the woman that of the child, so born by the way.

2. Bulfir 358. Born in house of correction. 13 G3. c.82. Born in lying-iu-hospital.

A BASTARD child is prima facie settled when born : And this was the antient genuine settlement: But this rule admits of divers exceptions.

If a woman comes into a place by privity and collulion of the officers where (he belongs, and is there delivered of a baf-tard, such bastard gains no settlement, notwithstanding its birth.

If a woman big with child of a bastard, and settled in one parish, is persuaded to go into another, and there be delivered ; this fraud will make the parish chargeable where the mother was settled, though the child was not born there.

If a bastard is born under an order of removal, and before the mother can be sent to the place of settlement, being hindered by water or otherwise, such bastard shall not be settled where so born, but at the mother's settlement.

If the officers are carrying a woman by virtue of an order of removal, and lhe be delivered on the road in transetu, the bastard shall go with the mother where (he is going, by virtue of the order, notwithstanding the birth.

Where any woman, wandering and begging, shall be delivered of a child in any parish or place to which (he doth not belong, and thereby shall become chargeable to the same, the churchwardens or overseers may detain her till they can safely convey her to a justice of the peace. And if such woman shall be detained and conveyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which (he is delivered, if a bastard, shall not be settled in the place where so born, nor be sent thither by a vagrant pass; but the settlement of such woman shall be deemed the settlement of such child.

A child born in the house of correction, shall be sent to the place of its mother's settlement.

A bastard born in a lying-in-hospital, shall follow the mother's settlement.

If

ri 1*1

ill ill

o;o ojo c

t i\jO ill ill ?

Poor. (Settlement by Birth.)

t \ '

If a woman come into a parish by certificate, and be there delivered of a bastard, that child shall not be included in the certificate as part of the family, but shall be settled where born.

Yet it seems, that the bastard child shall go with the mother for nurture till seven years, and be maintained at the charge of the parish where it was born. See case of Darlington, H.

*7 G 3*

I . - x w\

Of Legitimate Children.

THE father's settlement is the settlement of the children, when it can be found out; otherwise the birth of the child prtma facie is the settlement of the child, until there is another settlement found out. If they cannot find out the legal settlement of the father, the birth is the settlement of the child. The settlement by birth is only quousque they find the father's settlement; and if they never can find that, it is absolute upon them.

Of the Settlement of Children with their Parents.

THE birth of legitimate children doth not give them a settlement, except where the settlement of their father and mother is not known, and then only till it is known.

A child of seven years of age may be bound apprentice to a shipwright, fisherman, owner of a ship, or other person using the trade of the seas; and, by the vagrant ad of the 17 G. 2, a vagrant's child of that age may, by the justices, be put out an apprentice: and, as soon as he shall have resided and lodged in a parish for 40 days under the indenture, he will have thereby gained a settlement. So that the precise time when a person may have gained a settlement in his own right, is at the age of seven years and 40 days.

When a father gains a second settlement after the birth of his child, that settlement is immediately communicated to the child. And a child may be sent to the place of his father's settlement, without ever having been there before.

The place where a bastard is born is the place of his settlement, unless there is some trick to charge the parish ; but the place where legitimate children are born is not the place of their settlement; for let that be where it will, the children are settled where their parents are settled.

Though the place of the birth of a child, where the father hath no settlement, is the place of the settlement of the child, yet where the father hath gained a settlement, his children, though born in another parish, shall be looked on as settled at

the

1

34l

Se(T. C. V. 2. 170.

Bastard not included in certificate.

To go with the mother.

Foley, 265. Father's settle-menc that of child, if known.

Foley, 269. Father's or irother's settlement. sEJ. c. S. Apprentice at seven years old.

How soon a child may gain a settlement.

Str. 580.

Child goe3 to father's second settlement.

3 Salk. 259. Difference ia children's settlement.

Str. 580. Removable to father's settlement.

342 f Poor. Settlement zuith the lb

I

19 Finer, 382. Even if dead*

Foley. 254* Wiaow's settlement.

X». Raym. 1473. Widow's marrying again*

3 Salk. 259* Children, how disposed of*

Barrow's Setll. Cafe 482. Father's fetd$-xnent, if possible to be found. Holt. Ch. J, Child's settlement.

the place of their father's last legal settlement, and shall be removed thither, as well after the death of their father, if occasion requires, as in his life-time, supposing they have gained no settlement of their own.

If the father dies before the child is born, yet the child shall be settled where the father was settled before his death.

If a widow, by renting 10I. a year, gains a new settlement, her children are settled with her.

But if a woman marry again to a man settled in another parish, her children, by her former husband, must go with her for nurture, yet they are no part of her second husband's family; and therefore gain no settlement in the parish where the father-in-law is settled.

Those under seven years of age shall be kept at the chargeof the other parish, where their father, whilftliving, was settled; and to that parish they may be sent, after seven years old, as to the place of their lawful settlement.

The child's settlement follows that of its father, if the father's can be found; and no recourse shall be had to the mother's settlement, till that of the father can be traced no further.

Where a child is first known to be, that parish must provide for it, till they find another.

fan

isi

lie

tat

A

tat

tin

rei

11

w

13 14 C, 2.

c. 12.

Parish officer's duty*

I J, 2. c, 17. Inhabitancy, how computed*

3 c. ii*

Apprentice's

claim*

12 An, ft, I* c, 18.

Apprentice to a

certificate-

mailer.

31 G, 2. c, ii.

Writing not indented valid*

' Of Settlement by Apprenticeship.

ON complaint by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, within 40 days after any person shall come to settle in any parish, on any tenement under iol. a year, two justices ( 1 ^.) may remove him to the place where he was last legally settled, either as a native, housholder, sojourner, apprentice, or servant, for the space of 40 days at the lead.

The said 40 days shall be reckoned, not from the time of his coming to inhabit, but from the time of his delivering notice in writing; and by 3. W, e. iv, not from the time of delivering such notice, but from the time of the publication of such notice in the church.

If any person shall be bound an apprentice by indenture, and inhabit in any town or parish, such binding and inhabitation shall be adjudged a good settlement, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

If any person, after June 24, 1713, shall be an apprentice bound by indenture to any person residing under a certificate, in any parish, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, such apprentice, by virtue of such apprenticeship, shall not gain any settlement in such parish.

No person who shall have been bound an apprentice, by any deed, writing, or contract, not indented, being first legally

stamped.

I

hi

*e


NEW1

1

Poor. (Settlement by Apprenticeship.) 343

f

stamped, shall be liable to be removed from the place where he was so bound and resident 40 days, by any order of removal, or order of sessions, by reason only of such writing not being indented.

An apprentice may gain a settlement, whilll his mailer, not Bum. renting iol. a year, gains none. In such case, the mailer Apprentice fet-being removed, may apply to the justices to compel the ap- Jailer not prentice to go with him.

If the mailer runs away, the apprentice is not sufficiently Cases of S. 155. fuijuris to hire himself, nor can he gain a settlement till his Apprentice may indentures be legally cancelled.

not hire himieif.

Of Settlement by Service.

IF any unmarried person, not having child or children, shall be lawfully hired into any parish or town for one year, such service shall be adjudged and deemed a good settlement therein.

No such person so hired as aforesaid, shall be adjudged or deemed to have a good settlement in any such parish or town-ship, unless such person shall continue and abide in the same service during the space of one whole year.

If any person, after June 24, 1713, shall be a hired servant >cith any person who did come into, or shall reside in any pa-xilh, township, or place, by means or licence of a certificate, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, township, or place ; such servant shall not gain any settlement in such parish, township, or place, by reason of such hiring or service, but shall have his settlement as if he had not been an hired servant to such person.

If an unmarried man, who has a ^daughter married and settled elsewhere, hires himself for a year, and serves the year, he gains a settlement by the service, though not Itri&ly a single man.

If a man hired for a year marries, having served half a year, the marriage doth not hinder the service; if the man performs the service, he gains a settlement.

All hiring for a few days^ short of a year, for the purpose of avoiding a settlement, will be considered as fraudulent; and the service will be allowed to make a good settlement. Less than 40 days residence in any parish will not gain a settlement: But if the contract be for a year, and the service be performed (sup-pose at sea, or in dillant journies), the residence need not be 40 days successively ; it is sufficient if within the year he relides40 days in the whole.

# N. B. Though the case here alluded to is that of a daughter married and settled elsewhere, it should seem equally clear in the case of a Jon, or Ions, that have obtained a legal settlement elsewhere, previous to the father's obtaining a new settlement by the service of a year, under a legal hiring for a year.

Where

3 IV. c, 1 it Yearly service.

8 & 9 W. c. 30. Whole year.

12 An.Jl. i. c. 18.

Servant to cer^ tifkate raafltr.

Cases of S. 7. Man with children settled.

2 Salk. £17. Servant many-ing.

Cases of S. 8o« Burrow's Set. Cale 24.3. Fraudulent hiring.

Forty days* tefidence.

344

Id. 256.

La ft forty days teivice.

Poor. fSettlement by Service,)

Where there is a hiring for a year, and a service for a year, and a continuance under the same service, it is sufficient to gain a settlement; and such settlement mull be in the parish where it was performed the last 40 days.

M. 33. G. 2. Wife's settle-merit.

Cases of S. 89. j4ythorp Roding And White Roding

M. 3. C. z.

Of Settlement by Marriage,

THE settlement of a woman in her husband's parish, being a minor, and not having obtained the consent of his parents or guardians, set aside in the case of K. and Tenham.

A woman marrying a husband, who hath a known settlement, shall follow the husband's settlement.

A wife can gain no settlement, separate and distinct from her husband, during the coverture.

A woman marrying a husband, that hath no known settle-ir.ent, doth not lose her former settlement, which she had before marriage.

t y z. c. 17. Computation of notice.

3 W. c. if. Notice to be read in church.

Id.

Penalty on refuting to read the notice.

3 W c, 11. Cafe oi soldiers, See.

Of Settlement by continuing 40 Days after Notice,

THE 40 days continuance of a person in a parish, to make a settlement, shall be accounted from the time of his delivering notice in writing, of the house of his abode; and the number of his family, if he have any, to one of the churchwardens or overseers of the parish to which he shall remove.

Which said notice in writing, the said churchwarden or overseer shall read, or cause to be read, publicly, immediately after divine service, in the church or chapel, on the next Lord's Day, when there shall be divine service in the same. — And the said churchwarden or overseer shall register or cause to be registered, the said notice in writing, in the book kept for the poor's account.

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall refuse or neglect to read, or cause to be read, such notice in writing as aforesaid, he shall (on proof thereof by the oath of two witnesses before one justice) forfeit, for every offence, 40s. to the party grieved, by distress, by warrant directed to the constable of the parish or town where the offender dwells; and for want of sufficient distress, the said justice shall commit him to the common gaol for one month. And if any churchwarden or overseer shall refuse or neglect to register, or cause to be registered, such notice in writing, he shall, on the like conviction, forfeit 40s. to the use of the poor of the parish or town where the offender dwells, to be levied as aforesaid ; and for want of sufficient distress, then the said justice shall commit him as aforesaid, for the time aforesaid.

N. B. No soldier, seaman, shipwright, or other artificer, or workman in his majesty's service, shall have any settlement in

any

f

LIBRARi

Poor. (Settlement by refiding40 Days,)345

any parish, port-town, or other town, by delivering and publication of notice in writing, unless the same be after a dismission out of the service.

When this notice given in writing has been omitted, the Str. 853. court has held all constructive notices to be no legal settle- °ther not*CCi ment, such as, attending the leet, amending the highways, not le*ali and doing watch and ward.

Of Settlement by paying Parish Rates.

FORTY days inhabitancy shall gain a settlement.

Such 40 days are to be reckoned from the delivering of notice in writing, and from the publication of such notice in the church.

But if any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or parish, shall be charged with, and pay his fharc towards the public taxes or levies of the said town or parish, he shall be adjudged to have a legal settlement in the same, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

J.I But persons residing under a certificate, shall gain no settlement by being rated to and paying any such levies, taxes, or |k; assessments.

Payments for the repair of the church, the relief of the c poor, and the land-tax, have been adjudged sufficient to gain a a settlement: But no payment for the repair of the highways, or of the county-bridges, or of the duties on housesand windows, v shall make a good settlement.

If Where the tenant is *a(fe(Ted to, and pays the land-tax, l though it be afterwards allowed by the landlord, and deduced out of the rent, the tenant hereby gains a settlement; which is supposed to turn on the notice of inhabitancy, that arises from the party*s being assessed and paying the tax, which is Considered as tantamount to notice in writing.

1$ £? 14 C.

f. is.

1 J. 2. c 17.

3^. f. ii.

Id.

Assessment to the payment of taxes.

9&iotr,

C. IJ.

Not under a certificate. Church and poor rates, and land tax.

Not highways, house tax, & c.

Burrow's SettL Cafe 75.

Tenant assessed to, and paying the land tax*

s

Of Settlement by serving a Parish Office.

IF any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or serving an*.®, parish, shall for himself, and on his own account, execute any nual office, public and annual office or charge in the said town or parish, during one whole year, he shall be adjudged to have a legal

N.B. In many instances, the landlord is assessed by name, though the tenant pays the land-tax, in confidence that it will be allowed him : In which case, the notoriety of such a person's inhabitancy is loft ; and it should seem that there is no ground on which to establish a legal settlement. This decision, however, has of late been over-ruled ; and the tenant, though he has been assessed and paid the tax, has aot been allowed to have gained a legal settlement thereby*

Y y settlement

346 Poor. (Settlement by Office.)

$ £? 10 TV.

c, it.

in which be it legally placed*

Vrner Settl. Office of con-ilable on hit own accounCj

Burrow's SettL Cdfe 244. and legally placed in it*

settlement in the same, though no notice in writing be deli« ▼ered and published.

No person, who shall come into any parish by certificate, shall be adjudged by any ad whatsoever, to have procured a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and bona fide take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of iol. or shall execute some annual office in such parish, being legally placed in such office.

To serve the office of condable as deputy to another, doth not gain a settlement, though it be served a year; for, by the words of the ad, he mud serve the office for himself\ and on his

own account.

He mud also be legally placed in his office, by taking the oaths which belong to it. It mud appear to the court, how he came into his employment or office.

i

ire

A

:ii

I.

lis 110 1

fat

cfl

I

Sri

'fit

tat

Burrow's SettL gafrsjT.

40 days rcfi* dence, and renting icl* a >ear.

If less than iol.

removable.

F# . , /

J /

II.

Taking a lease of a tenement. Iftate for life, &c. gains a Settlement.

Jolty, 157. Burrow's Settl. Cafe 7.

Who are properly removable. 9 G. c. 7. Settlement by purchase.

Of Settlement by renting iol. a Year.

THE ad (9 10 IV. e. n.) doth not require a person

renting a tenement of iol. a year, to occupy it; it is enough 3

if he rents it, and relides 40 days in the parish. The ground q the ad goes upon, is a person's having credit sufficient to hire ( a tenement of that value. a

If the tenement is under iol. a year, the justices, upon com- q plaint within 40 days, have power to remove the person coming thither to reside; if it is not under iol. a year, they have no power to remove him ; and continuing upon the same UQ* removable for 40 days, he thereby gains a settlement,

I

ti

Of Settlement by a Person's own Estate.

4

NO certificate person shall gain a settlement, but by taking a lease of a tenement of iol. a year, or executing an annual office.

But, where a person has an estate for life, or an estate of inheritance of his own, that gains him a settlement, though less than iol. a year; for he cannot be removed ; and if he cannot be removed, he certainly gains a settlement.

Where a man lives upon his own, it is a case of a very tender nature, and the law will not unsettle him : Persons to be removed under the datute of C. 2, are those that wander from place to place, and not those who live upon their own estate.

No person shall be deemed to acquire any settlement in any parish or place, by virtue of any purchase of any estate or intered in such parish or place, whereof the consideration for such purchase doth not amount to the sum of 30I. bona fide paid, for any longer or further time than such person shall inhabit in

such

3

ized by

NEWY

i

i-

i

I

i

I*

I*

f

Poor. (Settlement by

such estate, and shall be then liable to be removed to such parish or place where he was last legally settled before the said purchase and inhabitancy therein.

A person may not be removed from his own, although not settled thereby, be the value ever so small, or let him come to it in what manner soever.

A certificate person shall gain a settlement by an effate of his own, notwithstanding the abovesaid statute of the 9 & 10 W.

If an estate descends to a certificate person, it gains him a settlement, because it is by operation of law, and not by an att of his own.

Having land in a parish will not make a settlement, but living in a parish where one has land, will gain a settlement without notice; for the act never meant to banish men from the enjoyment of their own lands.

Of Removals^

IT shall be lawful, upon complaint made by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, to any justice of the peace, within 40 days after any poor person comes to settle in any tenement under the yearly value of 10I. for any two justices of the peace (one whereof is of the quorum) of the division where any person that is likely to become chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabit, by their warrant to remove and convey such person to such parish where he was last legally settled, unless he give sufficient security for the discharge of the said parish, to be allowed by the said justices.

And if such person shall refuse to go, or shall not remain in such parish where he ought to be settled, but shall return of his own accord to the parish from whence he was removed, one justice may fend him to the house of correction, there to be punished as a vagabond.

All persons who shall unlawfully return to such parish or place from whence they have been legally removed by order of two justices, without bringing a certificate from the parish or place whereunto they belong, shall be deemed idle and disorderly persons; and one justice may commit them (being thereof convicted before him, by his own view, or by their own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness) to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

And if the churchwardens and overseers of the parish to which he shall be removed, refuse to receive such person, and to provide work for him, as other inhabitants of the parish ; any justice of that division shall bind any such officer in whom there shall be default to the assizes or sessions, there to be in-didted for his contempt in that behalf.

Y y z If

347

Burrow's Settl. Cafe 412.

Not removeable from his own. Estate sets aside a certificate.

Burrow's Settl. Cafe 205.

2 Salic. 524. Settlement on his ov/n land*

I3 & 14 C» 5S.

C. 12. \

Persons likely to be chargeable*

Id.

Poor refuting to go.

17 G. 2. c. 5.

Unlawfully returning, how punished.

13 &P 14 C. a. c. 12.

Refusing to receive, indictable.

348

Poor. (Removal.)

1

5 W. e. IV. Refused, farther pomiduUc.

Str. 1091. Elimination before two justices*

Rum, Pi or removal) vol, ui % p. 498.

I Salk. 406.

Record to be made.

8^9 tP.c, 30.

Power ofter* ti&caic.

Remorethle, not till actually chargeable.

3 G. t. c* 19. Charge of removing certificate person, by whom paid.

If any pfcrfon be removed by virtue of this act by warrant of two justices, the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or town to which such person shall be removed, are required to receive the said person ; which, if he or they shallre-fuse to do, the person offending, on proof by the oath of two witness, before one judice of the place to which the person shall be removed, shall forfeit, for each offence, 5I. to the use of the poor of the parish or town from which such person was removed; to be levied by distress, by warrant to the constable of the parish or town where such offender dwells; and fur want of sufficient distress, the said justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol for ±0 days.

Though the complaint may be to one justice, yet theexa-mination ought to be by two, and those the same who sign the order of removal.

And, most undoubtedly, the justices ought to be both together at the hearing and determining; though the practice in many places is otherwise.

After an order and adjudication is made, that the same may appear upon record afterwards, in order to charge the parish, the most regular way for the justices to proceed, is to make a record of the complaint and adjudication, and upon that to make a warrant to the churchwardens and overseers, to convey the persons to the parish to which they ought to'be sent, and deliver in the record by their own hands into court the next feidons, to be kept there amongst the records.

If any person, who shall come into any parish or place, there to reside, shall deliver a certificate to one of the churchwardens or overseers there, such certificate shall oblige the parish or place granting the same, to receive and provide for the person mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that parish, whenever they shall happen to be* come chargeable to, or be forced to a(k relief of, the parish, township, or place, to which such certificate was given; and then, and not before, it shall be lawful for any such person, and his children, though born in that parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and settled in the parish or place from whence such certificate was brought.

When any overseer or other person shall remove back any persons or their families, redding under a certificate, and becoming chargeable to the parish or place to which they shall belong, such overseer or other person shall be reimbursed such reasonable charges as they may have been put unto in maintaining and removing such persons, by the churchwardens or overseers of the place to which such persons are removed; the said charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more justices for the county or place to which such removal shall be made; which said charges so ascertained and allowed

shall.

jfi.ii

soft

iceto

such

Ally

dp*

up

Ofifc.

Tie

Uk

caster

to

ferfei

HI

to I fc-

croitr

'tila

pin

NEW YQ

Poor. ( .)

shall* in case of arefufal of payment, be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the churchwardens and overseers of the place to which such certificate person is removed, by warrant of such justice or justices.

All persons who think themselves aggrieved by any such judgment of the said two justices, may appeal to the justices of the peace of the said county, at their next quarter-sessions, who shall do them justice according to the merits of their cause.

The appeal against any order of removalof any poor person, shall be had, prosecuted, and determined, at the general or quarter-sessions of the peace for the county, division, or riding, wherein the parish, township, or place, from whence such poor person shall be removed doth lie, and not elsewhere.

N. B. In case of an order of removal from a town corporate, the appeal mult be to the sessions of the county; and not ab eodem ad eunde?n> the same justices probably fitting who made the order.

No appeal from any order of removal shall be proceeded upon, unless reasonable notice be given by the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place appealing, unto the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place from which the removal shall be ; the reasonableness of which notice shall be determined by the justices at the quarter-sessions to which the appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them, that reasonable time of notice was not given, they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions, and then and there finally determine the same.

On all appeals to the sessions against the judgment or orders of any justices of the peace, the justices there shall cause defers of form to be rectified and amended, without any cost to the party, and after such amendment, shall proceed to hear the truth and merits of the cause.

And, for the more effectual preventing of vexatious removals and frivolous appeals, the justices in sessions, upon any appeal concerning the settlement of any poor person, or upon any proof before them there to be made, of notice of any such appeal to have been given by the proper officers to the churchwardens or overseers of any parish or place (though they did not afterwards prosecute such appeal), shall at the same sessions order to the party in whole behalf such appeal shall be determined, or to whom such notice did appear to have been given, such costs and charges in the law, as by the said justices in their discretion shall be thought most reasonable and just; to be paid by the churchwardens, overseers, or any other person, against whom such appeal shall be determined, or by the person that did give such notice; and if the person ordered to pay such costs, shall live out of the jurisdiction of the said court, any justice where such person shall inhabit, shall, onre-

quest

itjzea

349

3 G» 2. c, 29. How levied, its. case of refusal

13 & 14 C. 2.

c. 12.

Pjwer of appeal.

8 9 TV c.

W here to be heard.

2 Salk, 490. Cases of SettJ, 10.

9 G. e. 7. Appeal when heard.

5 G, 1. ci 19.

Defect of form, first remedied.

8 6? 9 IV c. 30. Prevention of vexatious re* mo v ala.

Payment of cods.

35°

Poor. [Removal.)

9 G. c. 7. Costs and charges, how recovered.

Foley. £76.

If Only want of form.

1 Ventn 310.

Order of sessions final.

<3 El. e. 2. Mode of cot-in.

ifG. i.f. 37.

Occupiers

liable.

quest to him made, and a true copy of the order for the payment of such costs produced, and proved by some credible witness on oath, by his warrant cause the same to be levied by distress; and if no such distress can be had, shall commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain by the space of twenty days.

If the justices shall, at their quarter-sessions, upon an appeal before them there had, concerning the settlement of any poor person, determine in favour of the appellant, that such poor person was unduly removed, they shall, at the same quarter-sessions, order and award to such appellant, so much money, as shall appear to the said justices to have been reasonably paid by the parish or other place on whole behalf such appeal was made, towards the relief of such poor person, between the time of such undue removal, and the determination of such appeal ; the said money so awarded to be recovered in the same manner as costs and charges upon an appeal are to be recovered by the statute just mentioned.

An order of two justices, if quashed at the sessions upon an appeal, for want of form only, is not conclusive between the two parishes.

It was moved for setting aside an order of sessions confirming an order of two justices upon appeal. But the court would hear nothing of the merits of the cause, the order of sessions being in that case final, unless there had been an error in form.

Of the Poor Rate, and other Helps towards their

Relief.

' \

THE churchwardens and overseers of the poor of every parish, or the greater part of them, shall raise weekly or otherwise (by taxation of every inhabitant, parson, vicar, and other, and of every occupier of lands, houses, tithes impropriate, propriations of tithes, coal mines, or saleable underwoods in the said parish) a convenient stock of flax, hemp, wool, thread, iron, and other ware and fluff, to set the poor to work, and also competent sums for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind and such other among them being poor as are not able to work, and also for the putting out poor children apprentices.

Where there shall be any dispute in what parish or place improved wastes, and drained and improved marlh lands lie, and ought to be rated ; the occupiers of such lands, or houses built thereon, tithes arising therefrom, mines therein, and saleable underwoods, shall be rated to the relief of the poor, and to all other parish rates, within such parish and place

which

t

Poor. (Rate.)

vffiich lies nearest to such lands; and if, on application to the officers of such parish or place to have the same assessed, any dispute shall arise, the justices at the next sessions after such application made, and after notice given to the officers of the several parities and places adjoining to such lands, and to all others interested therein, may hear and determine the same on the appeal of any person interested, and may cause the same to be equally assessed, whose determination therein shall be final.

The churchwardens and overseers shall cause public notice to be given in the church, of every rate for relief of the poor, allowed by the justices, the next Sunday after such allowance ; and no rate shall be reputed sufficient to be collected, till after such notice given. And they shall permit any inhabitant to insped such rate at all seasonable times, paying is. and shall give copies on demand, being paid 6d. for every 24 names. — And if any churchwarden or overseer shall not permit any inhabitant to insped, or refuse to give copies as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 20I. to the party grieved.

If a person shall be aggrieved by any assessment, or shall have any material objection to any person's being put in or left out of such assessment, or to the sum charged on any person or persons therein ; he may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next general or quarter-feffioijs for the county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; but if reasonable notice be not given, then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions after.

On all appeals from rates, the justices shall amend the same, without altering such rates, with respect to other persons mentioned in the same; but if, upon an appeal from the whole rate, it shall be found necessary to set afjde the same, then they shall order a new rate to be made. And the court may award cods to either party, as in cases of settlement by the 8 fcf 9 W.

True copies of the rates shall be entered in a book, by the churchwardens and overseers, within 14 days after all appeals from such rates are determined ; and they shall attest the same, by putting their names thereto; and they shall be delivered over from time to time, to the new churchwardens and overseers, as soon as they enter into their offices, to be preserved and produced at the sessions when any appeal is to be heard.

It shall be lawful as well for the present as subsequent churchwardens and overseers, or any of them, by warrant from any two such justices, one whereof is of the quorum, to levy the said sums, and all arrearages, of everyone that shall refuse to contribute according as they shall be assessed, by distress and Tale.

And if sufficient distress cannot be found within the county, on oath made thereof before a justice of any other county* the goods may be levied in another county or precinct.

In

351

17 G ft. c. 37.

Disputes referred to next feflioos.

17 G. 1. e. 3. Public notice of rate.

Rate may be inspected. Refusal, how jpunished.

17 G. 2. € 38. Power of appeal

Id.

Rate amended, if partially wrong.

17 G. ». c. 38.

True copy of new rate.

43 E/iz. e. z. Subftquent overfjers may collect arrears.

Id.

even in another county.

352

43 El

Imprisonment in defeat of

distreYi.

17 C, z. e. 38. Proportion of rates, how killed.

Id.

Ameifds offered for iriegulac distiefc.

Id.

Succeeding overseeis to re-imburle what is

due.

43 El. c. 2. When paiiih is unable.

Id.

delations, if «ble to ielieve.

Penalty on re-

tulidi.

5 C. z. c. 8.

Hofljand or parents detecting.

Poor. (Rate I)

In defe£l of such distress, it shall be lawful for two such justices to commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until payment of the same.

Where persons shall come into, or occupy any premises, out of which any person assessed shall be removed, or which, at the time of making such rate was unoccupied ; every person so removing from, or coming into, or occupying the same, shall be liable to pay such rate, in proportion to the time that such person occupied the same respectively, under the like penalty of distress, as if such person so removing had not removed, or the person coming in or occupying had been originally assessed in such rate ; which proportion, in case of dispute, shall be ascertained by two justices.

If there has been any irregularity of proceeding in the parties distraining, and tender of amends hath been made by the said parties before an action is brought, no plaintiff shall recover in any action for such irregularity.

And if any person shall neglect to pay to such overseers, the succceding overseers shall levy the arrears, and shall reimburse their predecessors the same which are allowed to be due to them in their accounts.

If the justices perceive that the inhabitants of any parish are not able to levy among themselves sufficient sums for the purposes aforesaid, then the said two justices (1 Q) shall tax, rate, and aiTefs as aforesaid any other of other parishes, or out of any parish within the hundred, to pay such sums to the churchwardens and overseers or the said poor parish, as the justices shall think fit.

The father and grandfather, mother and grandmother, and children of every poor, old, blind, lame and impotent person, or other poor person not able to work, being of a sufficient ability, shall, at their own charges, relieve and maintain every such poor person, in that manner, and according to that rate, which, by the justices of that county where such sufficient persons dwell, in their sessions shall be assessed; on pain of 20s. a month; which penalty shall go to the use of the poor of the same parish, and be leried by some or one of the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant from two such justices ( 1 by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeitures shall be paid.

Where any wife, child, or children, shall be left by their husband or parents, it shall be lawful for the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant of two justices, to take and seize so much of the goods and chattels, and receive so much of the annual rents and profits of the lands and tenements of such husband, father, or mother, as such two justices shall order and direct, towards the discharge of the parish or place where such wife, child, or children are left, for the bringing up and providing for such wife, child, or children; which warrantor

order

NEW YORJCPUBi.

Poor. (Relief.)

353

order being confirmed at the next quarter-sessions, it shall be lawful for the justices there to make an order for the churchwardens or overseers to dispose of such goods or chattels* by sale or otherwise, or so much of them, for the purposes aforesaid, as the court shall think fit, and to receive the rents and profits, or so much of them as shall be ordered by the said sessions, of his or her lands and tenements, for the purposes aforesaid.

And the said churchwardens and overseers shall be accountable to the justices at the quarter-sessions for all such money as they shall so receive.

All persons running away out of their parishes, and leaving their families upon the parish, shall be deemed and suffer as incorrigible rogues. See the article Vagrants.

By 17 G. 2. c. 5, these offenders are ranked in a less criminal class, and are to be punished only as rogues and vagabonds. See the said article Vagrants.

If a person doth but threaten to run away, and leave his wife and children upon the parish, he shall, on conviction, before one justice by confession, or oath of one witness, be committed to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month.

5 G. c* 8.

Property seized and disposed of*

Id.

Officer accountable.

7 #

Leaving family, chargeable.

Subsequent

statute.

17 G. 2. c. 5. Threatening to run away*

t

1> i<

if

t

Of the Relief and ordering of the Poor.

THE churchwardens and overseers, with the cctnfent of two justices (1 ^.) shall take order, from time to time, for setting to work the children of all such whose parents shall not by the said churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their children ; and for setting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, having no means to maintain them, and using no ordinary and daily trade; and for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being poor, and rot able to work.

And the said justices, or one of them, shall send to the house of correction, or common gaol, such as shall not employ themselves to work, being appointed thereunto as aforesaid.

Two or more parishes, townships, or places may join (with the approbation of any justice in or near such parish, &c. signified under his hand and seal) in purchasing, hiring, or taking any house or houses for the lodging, keeping, and maintaining of the poor of the said parishes; the major part of the inhabitants assembled in vestry and consenting, and notice being first given of such public meeting for this purpose.

The churchwardens and overseers of one parish. See. may contract with those of another, without joining, for the lodging, maintaining, and employing of the poor.

Z z There

43 El. C. 2.

Poor fee to work »

Idle poor, how punished.

9 G. c. 7. Union of two or more parishes*

Id.

Contract without joining.

354

3 rr. c. ii. Register of poor

Examined In Easter week, or oftener.

Officers, how warranted to relieve.

9 G. c. 7.

Oath of refusal to relieve*

9 G. 3* 37-

Paying poor in base money*

Poor. [Relief.)

22 G. 3. r.83. Two-thirds may adopt this act,

with the approbation of two justices.

Id.

Governor appointed with salary*

There shall be provided and kept in every parish a book, wherein the names of all persons who receive collection shall be registered, with the day and year when they were first admitted to have relief; and the occasion which brought them under that necessity ; and yearly in Easter week, or as often as shall be thought convenient, the parishioners shall meet in vestry, or other usual place of meeting in the parish, before whom the book shall be produced, and all persons receiving collection shall be called over, and the reasons of their taking relief examined, and a new lift made and entered of such persons as they shall think (it, and allow to receive collection $ and no person shall be allowed to receive collection of the parish, but by authority of one justice residing in or near such parish, or by order of the justices in sessions, except in cases of plague or small pox, for such families as shall be therewith infected.

No justice shall order relief to any poor person, till oath be made before him, that the same person hath applied to the parishioners in vestry, or to two of the overseers, without being relieved, and till such justice hath summoned the two overseers to appear and shew cause why such relief should not be given.

If any churchwarden or overseer of the poor, or person authorized by him, shall make any payments to the poor in any base or counterfeit money, one justice, on complaint, may summon the offender, and on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not less than 10s. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to be applied, to the use of the poor.

Two thirds of a parish, in number and value, may agree to adopt this act.,* and may nominate three discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor, and three others to be governors of the poor-house, and may fix their salaries, with the consent of two justices of the limit. Two or more parishes may also unite for the purposes of this act, with the approbation of two justices subscribed at the foot of the agreement; which agreement shall specify the situation of the house or houses, and a copy of the terms agreed on shall in three months be left with the clerk of the peace.

Two justices shall appoint one of the three persons recommended as above for governor of such poor-house, to take care of, and employ the poor, and to be allowed the salary or wages specified in the agreement; the visitor of such poor-house, or where a guardian is visitor, two justices may remove the governor, on sufficient proof of misbehvaiour or incapacity.

And it were to be wiftied that it could be more generally adopted ; or that, if it be not adopted in toto, some of the moil wholesome and useful provisions of it might be received and applied.

The

Original frorrf

L

IBR/

Poor. [Relief.)

The guardians of the poor of these united parishes shall, two or more of them, produce to two justices of the limit the names of three respectable persons, as fit for the office of vi-fitor; out of whom the justices shall, within three days, appoint one ; and if he declines it, one other of the three; and in case of his refusal, the third; and if all refuse, the guardians shall visit by rotation, subject to the controul of the justices of the limit; such visitor, if not a guardian, may appoint a proper person for his deputy, to inspect the matters committed to the care of the visitor, and to make his report thereof.

Every visitor, so to be appointed, shall superintend every such house or houses, and settle and adj,uft the accounts between the said guardians of the poor and the treasurer of such house, if any question or dispute shall arise respecting the same ; and also shall settle and adjust all questions which may i arise concerning the persons which ought to be sent to such

f house or houses, according to the intention of this act, and by

\ every prudent means in his power, enforce and promote the

[ [ rules and orders for the better accommodation and relief of

X the poor: And every such governor, guardian, and treasurer,

is hereby required to observe and obey the directions which » he shall, from time to time, receive from the visitor so to be

if appointed, touching the several matters aforesaid: And,

iff where any act shall be required to be done by a justice of the

i peace, such visitor, if not a justice, or his deputy or assistant,

». shall apply to some neighbouring magistrate to do the same:

cd And every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or de-

puty visitor as aforesaid, as an inducement to his undertaking 3 and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from

& serving the office of constable, and all parochial offices, and al-

? so from serving upon juries at the assizes or quarter-sessions, so

t long as he shall continue in that office ; and a certificate, under the hand of a justice of the peace acting for the limit s>. wherein he executes such office, shall be admitted as evidence of his serving the office.

; If two thirds, in number and value as aforesaid, of the

t owners or occupiers of land, tenements, or hereditaments, within any single parish, township, or place, which shall adopt ? the provisions of this act in manner aforesaid, shall desire to

t have a visitor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend

a to the justices of the limit three persons properly qualified for

[ that office, the justices, upon application to them in manner

) aforesaid, shall appoint one of the persons so recommended, in

the manner herein-before directed.

The guardians of the several parishes and townships united for the purposes of this act, shall recommend to the justices one of their own body to be treasurer of the poor-house ; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian so recommended, or any other of the guar-| 1 ‘ w/ Z z 2 dians

3 55

21 G. 3* 83.

Visitior appointed.

Id.

Visitor's duty*

Visitor's pri* vileges.

Id.

Three persons recommended to justices.

Id.

Treasurer ip-pointed.

35®

Poor. [Relief.)

22 G. 3. e. 83. with security.

Make out an annual account.

Jd.

Justices to fill up vacancies. Jd.

Offices, when to determine*

Id.

dians whom they shall think better qualified, to that office; which treasurer shall give sufficient security, to the satisfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successors, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his hands; and shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and pay or discharge the several bills and expences which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and shall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every such meeting, for their perulal and approbation; and shall, once in every year, within 14 days before the Michaelmas quarter-sessions of the peace, make out a just and fair account of the expences attending the same ; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age and sex, which shall be contained in every such house at the time of making such account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which shall be laid before the visitor, and signed with his hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, before or at the time of the said quarter-sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspection : And every such treasurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual sum, not exceeding iol. as the visitor, if not a guardian, shall think fit; and if no such visitor, as two justices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

Vacancies occasioned by death of officers. &c. to be supplied by the justices in manner aforesaid.

The offices of guardian, governor, visitor, or treasurer, shall determine in Easter week next after the respective persons shall be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the public meeting shall be held ; when the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office, shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, in the manner herein-before directed, as if such person had died.

If within any such limit as aforesaid, wherein any poor-

What justices to house shall be situate, there shall happen to be no acting justice, or only one acting justice of the peace, or if the justice or justices of the peace, who usually ad in that limit, shall be absent, or by any means incapacitated to act, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to ad in all such cases.

The justices of the peace, within their respective limits, may appoint special or privy sessions for executing the several powers and purposes of this act, causing proper notices to be given of the time and place of holding the same, to the several justices of the peace, peace officers, and guardians of the poor, within such respective limits; and also may adjourn any such privy sessions, to be again holden at such time and

place

Id.

Special sessions to execute this act.

Poor. [Relief.)

place as they shall judge most proper for discharging the business required by this act, and such other business which may happen to fall under their cognizance, so as to occasion the lead trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest convenience and accommodation to the public, causing the like notices to be given of every such adjournment. x

The poor are to be maintained at the general expence of the respective parishes: The guardians are to meet monthly : And the treasurer, at each meeting, is to produce an account of debts incurred for utensils, furniture, &c.; and also an account of the victuals, beer. &c. used in the poor-house ; and the sum due from each parish, township, or place, shall be specified at the foot of such account, which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such guardians, or the major part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the visitor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him, if he shall approve thereof; and in case default shall be made in payment of the respective sums so proportioned, for seven days after the same shall be so settled and proportioned, and the money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the limit where such house or houses shall be situate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to levy the said respective sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any such parish, township, or place, making such default; and at the end of every year the account shall be finally closed, and the balances paid and received.

It shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor, where any such poor house shall be provided, purchased, or agreed to be erected, to inclose from any waste or common land or ground lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or persons having right of common thereupon, signified under their hands and seals, any part or portion of such waste or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upon, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the use and benefit of such poor-house, and the poor persons within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be, or within the parishes, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith for the purposes of this act.

No person shall be sent to such poor-house or houses, except such as are become indigent by old age, sickness, or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a maintenance by their labour, and except such orphan children as shall be sent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the visitor ; and except such children as shall necessarily go thither with their mothers for fufleoance.

Nothing

3 57

2Z G. 3. c. 33.

Maintenance of poor.

Meeting of guardians. Treasurer* account.

Id.

Ten acres may be inclosed.

Id.

Who proper objsds.

Go

35$

Poor. [Relief.)

22 G. 3.e. S3* o child under 7 years old.

Id.

Employment of diligent poor.

Of idle poor.

Id.

Clothing to be provided.

Nothing herein contained shall give any power to separate any child or children, under the age of seven years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

Where there shall be, in any parish, township, or place, any poorperson or persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, township, or place, and he is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employment suited to his or her strength and capacity, in any parish, township, or place, near the place of his or her re(i-dence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such employment shall be procured, and during the time of such work, and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in such maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the deficiency, if any ; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons who shall have earned such money, if no further expences shall be then incurred on his or her account to exhaust the same. And in case such poor person or persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian to some justice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall enquire into the same upon oath, and upon conviction punish such offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

The guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, suitable and necessary clothing for the persons sent by him to such poor-house as aforesaid ; and in case of his neglect so to do, the governor, or one of the guardians of every such house, shall make complaint thereof to some neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian so making neglect to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct him to provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary ; and if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within 10 days after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to dirett the governor of such poor-house, or the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the same, and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expences of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to

levy

V

1

K

la

d

2

(i

il

k

I

Poor. [Relief.)

levy the same, and the cods and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such guardian so making default.

The #rules, orders, and regulations, shall be duly observed and enforced at every poor-house or work-house to be provided by virtue of this att, with such additions as shall be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at some special session ; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act, and provided that the same be not repealed by the justices at their quarter-sessions of the peace; and, for the purpose of having* them more generally known, and more ftrittly attended to, the governors of every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such house or houses.

It shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, on complaint made upon oath, by or on behalf of any poof person belonging to any parish, township, or place, that the guardian, upon application made to him, hath refused such person proper relief, and after enquiring into the condition and circumstance of such poor person upon oath, either to order him or her, by writing under the hand of such justice, some weekly or other relief, or direct such guardian to fend such poor person to the poor-house, in case he or she shall appear a fitobject to be kept and provided for there ; which order shall be complied with, or sufficient cause shewn to the contrary, before such justice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same ; and every person receiving weekly relief, shall wear the badge directed by the act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, unless directed otherwise by a justice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour; or if it shall appear to such justice, that the person so complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that case it shall and may be lawful for such justice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein-before directed; and if any guardian shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the sum of 5I. or if it shall appear to such justice, that the person making such complaint, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is an idle or disorderly person, and has not used proper means to get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the justice, after ex-

# These are subjoined to the act, which every parish, adopting the scheme therein proposed, will certainly obtain j and to which the reader is referred, if he requires more particular information.

amining

1

Go gl?

359

% z G. 3. c. 83.

Rates and orders to be ot»-served.

U.

Guardian refuting relief.

Badge to be worn.

Poor willing to work to be employed or maintained.

Punishment of

idle and dif- , orderly poor.

36o

G. 3. e» 83.

Redress of aggrieve ct poor.

Application of penalties.

Poor taken ill in transicu.

1

Poor. [Relief.)

I 9

amining such person, and hearing the whole circumstances of the case, to commit such person to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month ; or if it shall appear to such justice, upon enquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person making complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly person, able to work, but by his neglect of work, or for want of seeking employment, or by spending the money he earns in ale-houses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and suffers them to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor woman, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month. — [See also Amended Vagrant Act, 32, G. 3.]

The guardian shall not be summoned before the justice, unless the complainant shall have applied both to the guardian andvifttor; but if sufficient relief shall not be given or ordered, the poor person complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such justice.

Out of the penalty hereby inflicted upon the guardian for disobeying the order of a justice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the justice of the peace, who shall convict such offender, shall direct to be paid to such poor person to whom such relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in such manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

If any poor person shall be retarded on his or her passage through any parish, township, or place, in which he or she has no legal settlement, by sickness or bodily infirmity, without the means of subsistence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her settlement, the guardian living near the place where such distressed object shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and suitable nourishment and assistance (and also cloathing, if necessary) for such person, until he or she can be removed with safety; and when such person shall be fit to be removed, shall take such person to some neighbouring justices of the peace, who shall examine him or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlement, and make an order for his or her removal thither, if they think fit; and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for such person or persons as aforesaid, shall make a charge of the expences attending the same, which, on being allowed and certified by the justices before whom such poor person shall be so taken, or some other neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, the same shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where such poor person shall be settled, in

case

YQRK PUBLIC LIB

Poor. ( Relief. J

361

case the same can be discovered, and shall happen to he within 22 G. 3. c. 83. that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid ; or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any such guardian so making default, after due summons, by warrant from a justice of the peace having jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick person, circumstanced as afore- poor . . said, shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor person shall be found dead in any parish or place to which he or she did not belong, the guardian of such parish or place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case, to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or place, where he or she so died or was found dead, and shall make a charge of the expences attending the same respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place where such person shall appear to have been settled, if the same shall be within that county ; but in case the settlement of such poor persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that county, the same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was so relieved, on the production of such allowance and certificate, out of the county or public money to be collected within his limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts.

If any poor person, who shall be sent to such house or houses, shall embezzle or wilfully waste any of the goods or Embezzlingma-materials committed to his or her care, or shall take or carry terials. away, without permission of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the use of such house, or belonging to any person residing there, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of the peace living near such house; who shall hear the same, and the party accused ; and such justice is hereby authorised, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

If any guardian, or other person or persons, shall entice, take, convey, or remove any poor person or persons from one t;*"na parish or place to another, which shall adopt the provisions of remcfve. this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than 5I.

If any visitor, guardian, or governor, shall fell or furnish Id. any materials, goods, clothes, victuals, or provisions, or do Intcrcfledof-any work in his trade for the use of any work-house, poor- ficers* house, or poor persons, within any parish, township, or place, for which he shall be so appointed to act, or be concerned in

A a a trade

How punished.

Id.

362

Poor. (Relief.)

21 G. 3. c, 83.

Housei may be

fold.

JJ.

Penalties, how tecovered,

and applied.

Id.

Power of appeal.

33*3* *

trade or interest with any person or persons who shall fell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than 5I. on being duly convicted thereof by a justice of the peace.

The guardians of the poor of any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, with the approbation of the persons qualified as herein before-mentioned, obtained at a public meeting held for that purpose, may sell or dispose of any house, cottage, or building, which shall have been erected or purchased for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom to the purposes of this act ; and also may remove, by order from a justice or justices of the peace, the person or persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expence of such parish, township, or place, if he, she, or they refuse to quit, after receiving 14 days notice for that purpose.

All penalties instifted by this act shall be recovered before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the jurisdiction where the offender dwells; who shall, upon conviction, in default of payment, after due summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deducted; for want of distress, any such justice of the peace may commit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month ; every such penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby otherwise directed to be disposed of, shall be paid to the treasurer of every such house or houses, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expences of victuals, beer, firing, and other ne. ceftary provisions for the poor within such house or houses.

Any person aggrieved by the act of any justice or justices of the peace out of sessions, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, giving eight days notice thereof to the party against whom the complaint shall be made, and giving security, by recognizance, to be acknowledged before a justice of the peace, with a sufficient surety, to pay the costs attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against the appellant; and the justice's determination shall be fi nal.

By this act, two thirds in number and value, according to the poor rates, of persons qualified according to the act 22 G. 3, c, 83, who shall attend any public meetings, and signify their approbation of the provisions thereof are sufficient. When two third parts, in number and value as aforesaid^ of the said persons so qualified, and actually attending at such public

meeting


NEW

Poor. ( Relief.)

meeting as aforesaid, shall nominate and recommend to the consideration of the justices of the peace of the county, riding, city, town, or place where such meeting shall be holden, three able and discreet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for such parish, township, or place, and shall fix the salary to be paid to such guardian, according to the manner and form prescribed by the said act; and shall also signify their opinion to the said justices, that, on account of the extent and population of such parish, township, or place, more than one guardian of the poor is necessary for the same; and shall express their desire that two of the three persons so nominated and recommended as aforesaid, may be appointed guardians of the poor for such parish, township, qr place, it shall and may be lawful for such of the said justices as are already empowered by the said act, to appoint one guardian to comply with the said desire, and to appoint two guardians accordingly.

All such casual poor, as may happen to be within, and would be entitled to relief from any one of such parishes, town ships, or places as have been, or may hereafter be, united, shall be relieved by all the said parishes, townships, or places conjointly, and in the same proportion as they shall be, and are directed to contribute for the general purposes of the said act.

If any overseer shall remove, he shall, before his removal, deliver over, to some churchwarden or other overseer, his accounts, verified upon oath, with all assessments, books, papers, money, and other things concerning his office; and if any overseerlhall die, his executors or administrators shall, within 40 days after his decease, deliver over all things concerning his office to some churchwarden or other overseer, and shall pay out of the assets all money remaining due, which he received by virtue of his office* before any of his other debts are paid.

If any person shall find himself aggrieved by any act done by the said overseers or justices, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties.

In all corporations or fraftchises, which have not four justices, persons aggrieved may appeal, if they think fit, to the next county-sessions.

Overseers being negligent in their office, shall forfeit, for every default, 20s. to the poor, to be levied by one of the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant of two justices (1 i£.) by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeiture shall be paid.

Any parish-officer neglecting his duty, being convicted thereof on oath before two justices, in two calendar months af-

A a a 2 ter

363

33 G- 3<- 35-

A like number may recommend to the justices three persons qualified for guardians of the poor, &e.

Casual poor to be relieved by united parishea conjointly.

17 G, 2. c, Overfter's duty on removal.

Executors on his dtath.

4 3 El. e. 2. Power of appeal1*

17 G. 2. c. 38* Appeal in corporations.

43 El. c. 2. Negligent overseers.

17 G. 2. e. 38.

Penalty on parish officers neglecting duty*

3^4

3 W c. ii. Pari&ioners admitted witnesses.

I J. C. 12. Action, where laid, and bow defended

Poor. ( Relief.

ter the offence committed, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. to the poor, by distress.

In all actions to be brought in the courts of Westminster, or at the assizes, for the recovery of any sum mif-spent or taken to their own use by the churchwardens or overseers, the evidence of the parishioners, other than such as receive alms, shall be admitted.

If any attion be brought against any overseer, or other person which is in his aid, or by his commandment, shall do any thing concerning his office, he may plead the general issue, and if he recovers, he shall have double costs. And such action shall be laid in the proper county, and not elsewhere.

Refusal to take' ihc oaths.

iG.Jl.t* e. 13* Two justices may summon recusant.

Popery.

BY the toleration-act, if any person, being required by a juiliceof the peace, shall refuse to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and to make and subscribe the declaration against popery of the 30 C. 2, he shall be committed by the said justice to prison ; and, at the next sessions, if he shall again refuse to make and subscribe the said declaration, he shall be deemed andfuffer as a popish recusant convidl.

Two justices may summon any person, whom they shall fyf-pedt to be difaffedled, by writing under their hands and seals, to appear before them at a time prefixed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration ; which summons shall be served on such person, or left at his dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there; and if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, then, on due proof made upon oath of serving the said summons, they shall certify the same to the next sessions, to be there recorded : And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, and take the oaths at the said sessions (his name being publicly read at the first meeting of the said sessions), he shall be taken and adjudged a popish recusant convict. And the same shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace, into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

4*

Penalty on absence from public woi/hip.

Penalty of not resorting to Church.

ONE justice, on proof (in one month after default) by confession, or oath of one witness, may call before him the party neglecting to go to church or some place of public worship on every Lord's Day; and if he shall not make sufficientexcufe, on due proof thereof to the satisfaction of the justice, such justice shall give warrant to the churchwarden to levy i2d. to the use of the poor of the parish for every default by distress and sale, rendering the overplus: For want of distress, commitment till paid. Every


- . , j

Popery.

365

Every person educated in the popish religion, shall, within 1 G.Jl. 2. c. 55, six months after he shall be of the age of 21, take the oaths of Oaths to be the 1 G. c. 13, and make the declaration against popery of:taken, andde-the 30 C. 2, or in default thereof, shall, within six months, claratl9n ma c* register the lands which he possesses.

And such lands shall be registered in the county where the 3 G. c. 18. house thereupon Hands. Lands registered.

The name of such popish recusant shall be subscribed to the x c.ft.2, c. 55. regiflry, in the presence of two justices in open sessions, by him- Recufanc's felfor his lawful attorney, and two justices shall subscribe their name subscribed, names as witnesses, on pain of 20I. that the entry was duly made.

All deeds and wills already inrolled, and every oath of the due 2I q % Ct execution thereof, administered by the euftos rotulorum, and By whom oaths two justices of the peace, and the deputy clerk of the peace, or administered. any two of them (such deputy clerk of the peace being one), shall be of the same force, vigour, validity, and effect, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame deeds and wills had been inrolled, and as if such oaths had been administered by or before the clerk of the peace in his own proper person.

No manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, .or any inte- 3 G. c % 18., rest therein, or rent or profit thereof, shall pass, alter, or change, Enrollment of from any papist, or person professing the popish religion, by any deeds* deed or will, except such deed within six months after date, and such will, within six months after the death of the testator, be enrolled in one of the courts of record at Westminster, or within the county where they lie, by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace, or two of them at least, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one. '

Any two justices, who shall know or suspect, or shall be in- 1 W. c % 15. formed, that any person is, or is suspected to be, a papist, may and Declaration shall tender to him the declaration in the act of 30 C. z; and if F^d^®d he shall not appear, after notice by warrant under hand and fealJ given to him, or left at his usual place of abode; or shall not make and subscribe the declaration; he shall be disabled to have or keep, in his house or elsewhere, or in the possession of any other to his use, any arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except such weapons as shall be allowed by the sessions for the defence of his house or person. And any two justices may, by warrant, authorize in the day-time any person, with the constable's assistance, to search such person's house for the same, 2nd seize Recusant's thein/or the use of the king. And the said justices shall deliver house may be the same in open court at the next sessions for the use aforesaid ; Marched, where also they shall certify the nanje and place of abode of every person so subscribing, or not subscribing.

N. B. The severity of these statutes has been very much relaxed by recent Acts of Parliament, in favour of Roman Catholics.

END OF PART I

THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANT;

OR. A

SUMMARY OF THOSE LAWS

WHICH IMMEDIATELY RESPECT

THE CONDUCT

OF

A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE

TO WHICH ARE ADDED,

FORMS OF WARRANTS, SUMMONSES,

AND

RECOGNIZANCES;

FORMS OF CONVICTION, AND OATHS OF OFFICE.

WITH APPENDIXES,

Containing the ACTS of the 39th and 40th of Geo. III.

THE FOURTH EDITION.

PART II.

BY A COUNTRY MAGISTRATE.

Legum Minijlriy Magistratus ; Legum Interprets 9 Justices. Cic.

LONDON:

Printed by W. 8c C. SpiUbury, Snowhill j

AMD SOLD BY RIVINGTONS, ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD J J. BIRD, A V E-MAR IA LANS) AND H. GARDNER, STRAND.

0

(O*

l*f

1

o

o

Q

00

fr*

5*

4 Cr

K

z

m

$ -<

o.

^ §

-O «9. . C 3

m a'

CD —

c

r:

03

73

XY '

ADVERTISEMENT.

' f r '. - . , - 4 +: > ' ^ . > . ^

Jhe annual addition of Acts of Parliament necessary to be inserted in this Work, having increased the Volume to an inconvenient fze, the Editor is induced to divide it into two difincl Parts, in which form the Book will be more portable, and in some ref more convenient. He is happy to find his labours so well received, as to encourage him to do every thing in his power for the accommodation of the Purchasers.

*4Feb. 1799,

*7?y*'' ~vyw'V* ' f " J3TTJriJW?*"" '»'J SWMfSHfW. '

[ 3^6 ]

Postage.

j^Y this act, from August 31, 1784, whenever any foreign

ters, how disposed of.

Id.

What done, If jiothing found.

24 Cr. 3-/# 4- _ .

r. 37. .13 letter or packet shall be received at any general post-

Suspe&ed let- office, if any person employed in the said office shall make oath that he suspects it to contain goods prohibited to be imported, or liable to the payment of a duty on importation, it shall be lawful for him to carry the said packet to any justice, or other magistrate for the town or division, and in the presence of such magistrate to cut with a pen-knife in and through, the folds of such letter or packet, and its inclosure, one opening or flit not exceeding two inches in length ; and if it shall appear to the said magistrate that such goods are contained therein* he shall, in the presence of the said officer, immediately open the said letter or packet, and destroy such goods ; and in such case, the magistrate shall inclose such letter, &c. in a cover; with an atteflation signed by him, containing the name of the officer who brought it, the time of its being brought, the goods contained therein, and also attelling that the same were destroyed by him: This letter, &c. to be forwarded to the irommissioners of his Majesty's customs, who shall reward thfc said officer with any sum not more than 5I. nor less than 10s.

If no such goods as aforesaid are found therein, the magi£ trate shall inclose the letter or packet in a cover, attefling that the said letter, &c. was opened in his presence, and shall deliver it sealed up to the officer, to be transmitted without delay to the person to whom it was directed, without any additional charge of poflage.

Post-Office.

NO person shall be capable of exercising any employment* relating to the post-office, or any branch thereof, or be any way concerned in receiving, sortir»g, or delivering of letters, before he shall have taken the following oath, before a justice of the peace where he resides:

I A.B. do swear, that 1 will net wittingly, willingly, or bicwingly open, detain, or delay, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to he openedy detained, or delayed, any letter or letters, packet or packets, which shall come into my hands, power, or cuJlody9 by rea -Jon of my employment in or relating to the peji-office ; except by the consent of the person or per fens to whom the same is or shall be di~ reeled, or by an express warrant in writing, under the hand of one of the princpal secretaries of fate for that purpose ; or except in such cases, where the party or parlies to whom such letter or letters, packet or packets, shall be directed, or who is or are chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof \ shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame9 and except such letters or packet s, as frail be re-turned for want cf true directions, or when the party or parties to

whim

9 An. c. 10. Oath regained.

The oath.

31

ii

NEW

Post-Office.

3^7

t

th

n

JM

f

i\

\i

r

9 An, c. TO.

Penalty on breaking ic.

r

whom the same is or shall be direlied, cannot be found: And that A will not any way embezzle any such letter or letters, packet or packets, as aforesaid.

And if any person shall do any thing contrary to the said oath, he shall forfeit 20I. and his office.

Persons appointed from time to time to measure the port roads, shall be sworn to perform the same, according to the ™* bed of their (kill and judgment, before a judice of the peace, take aiToath. who shall make a certificate thereof in writing, to be entered in the general pod-office, without fee.

If any pod-boy shall quit the mail, or shall loiter on the s q. 3. ct 25. road, or shall not in all possible cases convey the mail after the Poll-boy's ne-rate of fix miles an hour at lead, he shall, on conviction by gligence. confession or oath of one witness before one judice, be lent to the house of correction, to be there kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days.

And if any pod-boy shall by himself, or in combination with 7/. others, unlawfully collect any letters, or convey, or cause them Unlawfully col-to be conveyed, he shall, on conviction by confession, or oath of lecting letters, one witness before one judice, forfeit for every letter or packet, ios. to the informer; and if not forthwith paid on .conviction, he shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding two months, nor less than one.

Any pod-mafte'r embezzling money for letters pod paid, or id, destroying the letters, shall be deemed guilty of felony. Pots-master

If any person employed in any business of the pod-office, embezzling, who shall take any letter or packet to be forwarded by the Letter earnet\ pod, and receive any money therewith for the podage, shall traud. burn or destroy any such letter or packet; or shall advance the rate of podage upon any letter or packet, and not duly account for the money by him received for such advanced podage, he shall be deemed guilty of felony.

All sums, not exceeding 5I. that shall be due from any per- An c Jo son for letters, or which shall be received for the carriage of Recovery of letters, without answering for the same to the receiver-gene- sums due. ral, shall be recovered before justic£s of the peace in the same manner as small tithes; and such debt shall be preferable in payment, before any debt to any private person.

Any person dealing bills, or other securities for money, out 7 G. 3. c. 50, of letters, or robbing the mail, shall be guilty of felony with- Stealing bills, out benefit of clergy. &c*

All pecuniary penalties, amounting to 20I. or upwards,

shall be distributed, half to the king, and half with full cods to him who shall sue in the courts of Wedminder.

If not sued for in three months, they shall belong to the How, and with-king. If under 20I. they may be recovered before one judice in what time, residing near to the place where the offence was committed ; fecovertd. who shall summon the party accused, and also the witnesses; and on due proof made either by confession or oath of one wiu ness, may issue his warrant of didrefs and sale of the offender's

goods.

20 G. 3. c, 51. Application of penalties.

Post-Office

368

zo G, 3. c. 51.

Witness refilling to appear*

U.

What summons good.

»5 G. 3. c. 51. Pott-matter's licence.

Stage coach licence.

Duties, where payable.

Jnscription on pott horses.

Hackney-coach horses exempted

Applicftion of penalties*

Evidence re-fafing to appea*

goods, if not redeemed in six days ; if sufficient distress cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to prison for three months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

And if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before such justice, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, 'he shall forfeit 40s. to be levied and paid as the other penalties herein before directed.

A summons by such justice of the proprietors of carriages, left at the inn or place where the carriage shall put up, with the person who keeps the books for taking places in such carriages, shall be deemed good service on such proprietor, although he may not have a residence or habitation at such inn or place.

Post Horses.

EVERY post-master or other person, who shall let horses to hire, for travelling poll by the mile, or from stage to ilage, shall annually pay 5s. for a licence for that purpose, on a penalty of iol* Every person hiring such horse, shall pay one penny halfpenny per mile; or is. 9d. per day, when the distance is not ascertained.

Every person keeping a diligence, or other four wheeled carriage, as a stage coach, shall pay 5s. for a licence annually, on a penalty of iol. and also one penny for every mile such carriage shall travel.

The duties to be under the care and management of the stamp-office.

Licensed innkeepers are to cause the words Licensed to Let Post Horses, to be written in legible characters on the front of their house, &c. on penalty of 5I.

This act does not extend to horses used in hackney coaches within ten miles of London or Westminster.

AIJ penalties sued for within six months shall be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other, with full ccrfts of suit, to the informer: if after six months, the whole to his Majesty. If the penalty amount to 50I. or more, it shall be sued for in the courts of Westminster, See.; if less than 50I. any justice refitting near the place where the offence shall be committed, may hear and determine, and may issue his warrant, under his hand and seal, for levying the penalties on the goods of the offender, and cause sale to be made thereof, if not returned within six days; rendering the overplus, if any, to the offender; and in default of distress, may commit the offender to prison for six months, unless such penalty be sooner paid.

Any person summoned by such justice or justices, and refuting to appear, or refusing to give evidence, forfeits 40s. to be levied as above, and by such means as are herein before directed.

i

21 ft 11

It

S

B

I

i

i

i

I

'!

2

i

i

UP

4

i

Go

b

b

T,

C

I*

li

a

.5

15

k

d

Post Horses.

rected, as to other penalties. And all summonses issued by any justice of the peace against proprietors of coaches, &c. left with the book-keeper, shall be deemed good service on them.

The justices may mitigate the penalties to one half, over and above the cods and charges.

»* - i

f % ^ *1 J t 1! JfT .'v(' ' t , C.Jvf ^ . *. *

i r f ' y, . , . .1

Prison-Breaking.

i>i .t.ii 4 1 ?! »c# *.i n& rn -myjbc */?

THOSE who have broken prison are not bailable by justices of the peace ; and that for two reasons: I. Because it carries a preemption of guilt. And, 2. Because it is a fu-peradded offence to the farmer, for which they dood committed.

The party may be arraigned for prison-breaking, before he be convicted of the crime for which he was imprisoned; for that is not material whether he were guilty of such crime or not; for the words of the datute arc, for which he was taken and imprisoned.

The gaoler shall not be punished as a felon for the party's breach of prison, unless he voluntarily consented to it; but it seems to be a negligent escape in the gaoler, for which he may be punished by fine and imprisonment, because there wanted either that due drength in the gaol, or that due vigilance in the gaoler or his officers, that should have prevented it: And if gaolers might not be punished for this as a negligent escape, they would be careless either tofecure their prisoners, or to retake them that escape.

If a criminal, endeavouring to break the gaol, assault his gaoler, he may be lawfully killed by him in the affray.

Process.

T)Y the commission of the peace, the justices in sessions have il power to make and continue processes upon indictments, against the persons indicted, until they can be taken, surrender themselves, or be outlawed.

Indictments and presentments, taken in the sheriffs tourn, shall be delivered to the next sessions ; who may award process thereupon, in like form as if they had been taken before them-ielves.

The law, in several cases, in express words directs process to be made by justices out of sessions; and in other cases by necessary implication ; as where a datute doth give power to justices out of sessions to esquire, hear, and determine, there they may make process to cause the party to come and answer, otherwise they cannot proceed to hear and determine; and this

B b b may

369

2$ G. 3. e» 51.

Penalties mitigated.

3 Ed, u c. 15. Prison breakers, why not bailable.

2 Haw. 137.

Conviction of Crime not fir (I necessary.

I H. H, 601. Gaoler, when punishable.

I Haw, 71* Criminal may be killed.

Justices may make and continue process.

1 Ed. 4. c. 2.

Sessions may award process.

Dalt, c. 193. Justices' power to make process.

37°

Process.

2 Haw, 284. The ptocefs, by whom executed,

2 H. H. 202. and in what way.

2 ffaw IO3. One justice may bail.

b />->rfai ooli

2 H. H. 52. Record of outlawry/

12 Co. 103. Capias awarded.

3 Sail* 262; Goods forfeited by outlawry.

4 Infl. 166. i/tf/e'r P/. 15$*. 2 tf. i/. 35.

. ' , , - 4 , . . \ may be either before or after presentmentor indictment, as thfc several Ilatutes do require: Before presentment or indictment, it is called a warrant; after presentment or indictment, it is properly called process.

Wherever the king is a party to the suit (as he certainly is to all informations and indictments), the process ought to be executed by the sheriff himself, and not by the bailiff of any franchise.

If the party be in an house, if the doors be shut, and the sheriff (having given notice of his process) demand admittance, and the doors be not opened, he may break open the doors, and enter to take the offender.

It seemeth that any one justice may bail persons indicted at the sessions, for any offence under the degree of felony ; for that the Ilatutes relating specially to the power of justices in granting bail, do not in this case seem to takeaway the power, which one justice had before the making of the said statutes. f It is said, that the justices in sessions cannot issue a capias utlagatum, but must return the record of the outlawry into the king's bench, and there process of capias utlagatu?n shall issue.

If one be outlawed before the justices of the peace on an indictment of felony, they may award a capias utlagatum ; for they that have power to award process of outlawry, have also power to award a capias utlagatum, as incident to their authority and jurisdiction.

By the outlawry, all personal chattels are vested in the king by forfeitures; but real chattels, or freehold estates, are not vested in the king, till after inquisition found.

« If a man be indicted before justices of the peace, and thereupon outlawed, and is taken and committed to pTifon, the justices of gaol-delivery may award execution of this prisoner; for they are constituted to deliver the gaol.

27 G

Acts

petual

Promissory Notes, Sec.

. 3.^. 26. WHEREAS the acts 15 G. 3, r. 51, and 17 G. 3, mac e pei- y, c. 30, restraining the negotiation of promissory notes, &c. under a limited sum, which have been found to be useful and beneficial, are near expiring, and it is expedient that the said acts should be made perpetual ; by this act, the said recited acts are made perpetual.

Prophecies.

Prophecies.

37i

t TF any person shall advisedly and directly advance, publish, vi x a°d ^et forth by writing, printing, or otherwise, any false prophecy, thereby to make any disturbance in the realm; and r shall be convicted thereof before a judge of assize, or justice of l the peace, within six months after the offence committed, he shall, for the first offence, be imprisoned for a year, and forfeit 10I. ; and for the second offence, shall be imprisoned for life, and forfeit his goods; half the forfeitures to the king, and half to him who shall sue for them in any court of record.

5 EL c. 15. False prophets, how punished.

Publication of indecent Books, See.

THIS, which is a nuisance of the highest order, is punish- Stranges Re-able as such by information or indictment, with fine, ports, 78$. imprisonment, and pillory. How punishable.

[S'-

Public Worship.

IF any person shall speak irreverently of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, he shall suffer imprisonment, and make fine andranfom at the king's will. And three justices (1 ^.) may take information by thg oaths of two witnesses; and afterwards, at the sessions, may esquire thereof by the oaths of 12 men upon indictment.

All commanders, captains, and officers at sea, shall cause the public worship of Almighty God, according to the liturgy of the church of England, to be performed in their respective ships; and prayers and preachings by the chaplains shall be performed diligently.

If any person shall disturb a preacher in his sermon by word or deed, he shall be apprehended and carried before a justice of the peace, who shall commit him to safe custody, and within six days, he and another justice shall examine the fast, and if they find him guilty by two witnesses, or confession, they shall commit him to gaol for three months, and further to the next sessions; and ifat the sessions he repents and is reconciled, he shall be discharged, on finding sureties for his good behaviour for a year; if not, he shall be continued in gaol till he does; saving the ecclesiastical Lurifdiction ; and he shall not be punished both ways.

If any person shall willingly and of purpose, come into any church, chapel, or other congregation permitted by the act of toleration, and disquiet and disturb the same, or misuse any

1) bb 2 preacher

1 Ed 6. c. 1. Irreverent

spe.i Icing of sacred things#

22 G. 2. r. 33. Prayers on board ships.

Disturbing a preacher.

1 TT. c. 18.

Disturbing

congregation.

372

*7 G. 3. c. 40; Indemnity to persont qualifying.

Unqualified justices not exempt.

1

Appointments may b: stamped.

Not to restore persons removed.

Neglefl of affidavits, &c. remedied.

General issue.

Public Worship.

preacher or teacher, he shall, on proof thereof before one justice, by two witnesses, find two sureties to be bound by recognizance in 50I.; and in default thereof, shall be committed till the next sessions ; and on conviction there of the said offence, he shall forfeit to the king 20I.

Qualification, &c.

PERSONS who have omitted to qualify themselves agree-ably to act 1 C. 1. 13 C. 2, 25 and 30 C. 2, 8 G. 19.

G. 2,18. G. 2, and 6 G. 3. before the passing of this act ; and who shall, on or before December 25, 1787, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against forfeitures. But this act shall not indemnify any person against whom final judgment shall have been given, for any penalty incurred by having ne-glefted to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

Nor shall any thing contained in this act extend to exempt any'judice of the peace from the penalties to which he is subject for acting as such, without being possessed of the qualification required by the laws now in force.

Persons producing appointments and admissions before Dec. 25, 1787, to the of of the damp-duties, may have them duly damped, on payment of the duties fird payable on such appointments, without any fine or forfeiture thereon; and such persons so providing appointments, duly damped, shall and may hold and execute fuel^offices, or any other, notwithstanding their omission ; and none of his or their acts shall be quedioned or avoided by reason of the same.

This act shall not extend to redore any person to any office or employment, already avoided by judgment of any of his majesty's courts of record, or already legally filled of and enjoyed by any other person.

Every person who, at the passing of this act, shall have ne-glefted or omitted to cause affidavits of contrafts to serve as clerks to attornies, &c. to be made and filed, and who, on or before the fird day of Michaelmas term 1787, shall cause one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, is hereby indemnified and discharged from and against all penalties and forfeitures, incapacities and disabilities whatsoever.

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general issue ; and, upon their defence, give this act and the special matter in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

' . I

Quarantine

i^oogie

373

Quarantine and other Ship-Laws.

FROM July 5, 1788, in addition to the particulars autho- c. 3. c. 34.,

rifed by the act, 26 G. 2, c. 6, the principal officer of the Commanders customs, &c. is required to demand of the commander of any untrMe report, ship further particulars, to which commanders giving untrue answers, shall forfeit 200I.

Mailers maliciou/ly detaining certificates of regiilry, granted Matters' dein pursuance of an adtof 7 and 8 of IV. 3. (intituled, An act for taming certjfi-preyer,tingfrauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation tradeJ, «tes of registry. and also of an act passed in the 25th year of his present majesty's reign (intituled, An act for the further increase and encouragement of flipping and navigation), shall forfeit tool, on Fined conviction before any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such detainer and refusal shall be, and, on failure of payment thereof, within the space of two days after such conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there orlmprisoned. to remain, without bail or mainprize, for such time as the said justice shall, in his discretion, deem proper, not being less than six months, nor more than 12 months. Such justice may issue his warrant to search for such certificate. See. and if not Warrant to found, to certify the same to the person who granted the lad fe^ch for ccr-certificate, that a fresh one may be given, notifying on the tific^e€# back of such certificate the ground upon which such ship or vessel was so registered de novo.

Rape.

RAPE is when a man hath carnal knowledge of a woman, . - -

by force, and against her will. \ .08.

If any person shall unlawfully and carnally know, and abuse Rape defined: any woman child, under the age of ten years, whether with liBl. c.-7. her consent or against it, he shall be guilty of felony without L,m,ted aSc* benefit of clergy.

The offence of rape is no way mitigated, by /hewing that , jjaWm 10$. the woman at last yielded to the violence, if such her consent Consent through was forced by fear of death, or of duress.

It is not a sufficient excuse in the ravi/her, to prove that the woman is a common strumpet; for /he is still under the pro- Strumpet no tedlion of the law, and may not be forced: Nor is it any ex- ex^fe. cufe, that lhe consented after the fad.

The party ravished may give evidence on oath, and is in , jj % 5^ law a'competent witness; but the credibility of her testimony, injured party and how far /he is to be believed, mult be left to the jury, and may give e»i-is more or less credible, according to the circumstances of facts dcncc* that concur in that testimony.

For instance, if the witness be of good same ; if /he present- /</. ly discovered the offence, and made pursuit after the offender ; Circumstance* /hewed circumstances and signs of the injury, whereof many of confirmation.

are

374

rr. h. 6jj.

Others in favour of the party accused.

H. H. 635.

636.

Caution to the jury.

Rape.

1

are of that nature, that only women are the moll proper examiners and inspectors; if the place, wherein the fad was done, was remote from people, inhabitants, or passengers ; if the offender fled for it; these, and the like, are concurring evidences to give greater probability to her testimony, when proved by others as well as herself.

But, on the other side, if she concealed the injury for any considerable time, after she had opportunity to complain ; if the place, where the fad was supposed to be committed, were near to inhabitants or common passage of passengers, and she made no outcry when she was supposed to be done, when and where it is probable (he might be heard by others; or if a man prove himself to be in another place, or in other company, at the time she charges him with the fad ; or if she is wrong in the description of the place, or swears the fad to be done in a place where it was impossible the man could have access to hej' at that time, as if the room was locked up, and the key in the custody of another person ; these, and the like circumstances, carry ftiong preemption that her testimony is falseor feigned.

Upon the whole, rape, it is true, is a most detestable crime, and therefore ought severely and impartially to be punished with death ; but it mull be remembered, that it is an accusation easily to be made, and hard to be proved, and harder to be defended by the party accused, though never so innocent: Therefore, a wife jury will be cautious upon trials of offences of this nature, that they be not so much transported with indignation at the heinousness of the offence, as to be over hast-ily carried to the conviction of the person accused thereof, by the confident testimony, sometimes of malicious and false witnesses.

Recognizance.

Daft, e. 186. Defer!bed to be a bond of record

On what occasions taken.

RECOGNIZANCE is a bond of record, teflifying the recognizor to owe a certain sum of money to some other; and the acknowledgment of the same is to remain upon record ; and none can take it but only a judge or officer of record, &c.

Recognizances are taken from the reputed fathers of baf-tard children. See appendix. No. 12.

To indidl for felony, No. 23.

To give evidence for felony. No. 24. Porgood behaviour, No. 30.

To indidl for misdemeanour. No. 48.

To answer for misdemeanour. No. 49.

To give evidence for misdemeanour. No. 50. To keep the peace. No. 52.

IJefides these, there are general recognizances.

Without sureties. No. 65.

With sureties, No, 66.

And

Recognizance.

375

And these recognizances, in Tome cases, the justices of the peace are enabled to take by the express words of certain statutes; but in other cases (as'Tor the peace, and good behaviour, and the like), it is rather in congruity, and by reason-abie intendment of law, than by any express authority given them, either by their commission, or by the statute law.

But wheresoever any statute giveth them power to take a bond of any man, or to bind over any man to appear at the assizes or sessions, or to take sureties for any matter or cause, they may take a recognizance. Yea, wheresoever they have authority given them to cause a man do a thing, there it seem-eth they have in congruity power given them to bind the party by recognizance to do it; and if the party shall refuse to be bound, the justice may fend him to gaol.

Every obligation and recognizance, taken by justices of the peace, mull be made to our lord the king; on pain of imprisonment of any person that shall take it otherwise.

When the parties are to enter into recognizance, call them by their names thus: — You A. B. acknowledge to owe to our

sovereign lord the king, the sum of , and you C. D.

acknowledge to owe to our sovereign lord the king, the sum

c of ; to be levied of your respective goods and chattels,

€ lands and tenements, for the use of our said lord the king,

his heirs and successors, if default shall be made in the condition following : — That is to say, if you the said A. B. shall

make default in appearing, Sec.9 But the parties need not sign it. And it is usual for the justices to mark at the foot of the examination, A. B. in 40I. to appear, &c. And from such short note make out a record afterwards.

Lord Coke fays, that a record is a memorial or remembrance in rolls of parchment, Sec. from whence it seemeth that a recognizance ought t(\ be ingrossed on parchment; but since there is no law which prohibits it to be engrossed on paper, it seemeth that if it shall be on paper only, and not on parchment, it is good in law.

And when it is made up, if the justice shall only subscribe his name, without his seal to it, this is well enough ; and that may be in either of these forts, acknowledged before me, J. P. or only to subscribe his name thus, J. P.

The justices shall certify their recognizances for keeping the peace, to the next sessions, that the party may be called ; and if he make default, the default shall be recorded, and the recognizance, with the record of the default, shall be sent and certified into the chancery, king's bench, or exchequer.

But in cases of felony, the recognizances are to be certified to the general gaol delivery.

Reftitutioa

Crorn, 125. Justices, how enabled to cake them.

Dalt. c. 16$* In what cases required.

U.

To whom made.

1

Bari. Rec*g. Form of recognizance.

I Inst. 260. Parchment proper, but not necessary.

Dalt. c. 176. J office's fub-Icription.

3 H. 74 c. I. Certified to the efiions,

and to the gaol delivery, x & a P. & M. t. 13.

376

si H. 8, e. it. Goods restored to person sobbed*

l Haw. I $$. Halt. c. 136. 'What consti-tutes an unlawful act-mbJy.

What a root. What a slot.

34 Ed. 3. e. Who may re-strain rioters.

1 G Jl. 2. c. 5. If rioters are more than 12.

Riot aft.

Restitution of stolen Goods.

IF any felon do rob, or take away any man's money or goods, and thereof be indicted and arraigned, and found guilty, or otherwise attainted, by reason of evidence given by the party robbed, or the owner of the money or goods, or by any other by their procurement; then the party robbed, or owner of the goods, shall be restored to such his money or goods: And as well the justices of gaol-delivery, as other justices before whom whom the felon shall be found guilty, or otherwise attainted, may award a writ of restitution, in like manner as if the felon were attainted on appeal.

Riot, rout, and unlawfnl assembly.

WHEN three persons or more shall assemble themselves together, with an intent mutually toaflift one another, again (I any who shall oppose them, in the execution of some enterprize of a private nature, with force or violence, against the peace, or to the manifest terror of the people, whether the act intended were of itself lawful or unlawful; if they only meet to such a purpose or intent, although they shall after depart of their own accord, without doing any thing, this is an unlawful assembly : If, after the (irft meeting, they shall move forward towards the execution of any such act, whether they put their intended purposes in execution or not; this, according to the general opinion, is a rout: — And if they execute such a thing in deed, then it is a riot.

The justices of the peace (or, as it hath been resolved, one justice) shall have power to restrain rioters, and to arrest and chastise them according to their offence; and cause them to be imprisoned and duly punished, according to the law and custom of the realm, and according to that which to them shall seem belt to do, by their discretion and good advisement.

But if the rioters are above the number of twelve, the offence is greatly enhanced, and the power of one justice very much enlarged, by the act commonly called the riot aft, which is required to be read at every quarter-sessions and leet. Every justice, sheriff, under-sheriff, and mayor, shall, on notice or knowledge of any unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous assembly of persons to the number of twelve or more, together with such help as he shall command, resort to the place; and with a loud voice command, or cause to be commanded, silence to be, while proclamation is making; and, after that, shall openly and with a loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

Our sovereign lord the king char get h and commandeth all persons being assembled, immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful bufenefs9 upon the

pains

Riot, r<5utj and unlawful assembly.

i,

or

7

er

le

B

i

sains contained in the aSl made in the first year of king George, for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies: Godfave the king.

And if any twelve or more of them shall continue together by the space of one hour after such proclamation made, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any rioters (although under the number of twelve, and whether any proclamation be made or not) shall unlawfully and with force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any church or chapel, or any building for religious worship, certified and registered according to the act of toleration, or any dwelling-house, barn, liable, or other out-house, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy : And the hundred, city, or town, shall answer the damages thereof, as in cases of robbery.

If any riot, assembly, or rout of people, against: the law, be made, the justices, three, or two of them at the lead, and the sheriff, or under sheriff, shall come with the power of the county, if need be.

And the king's liege people being sufficient to travel, shall be assistant to them* upon reasonable warning, to ride with them in aid to refill such riots, routs, and assemblies, on pain of imprisonment, and to make fine and ransom to the king.

And the same justices and (herilf, or under sheriff, shall have power to record that which they shall find so done in their presence against the law: By which record the offenders shall be convicted in the same manner and form as is contained in the statutes of forcible entries.

And if the offenders be departed before the coming of the said justices, and sheriff or under sheriff, the same justices; three or two of them, shall diligently esquire within a month after such riot, assembly, or rout of people so made, and thereof shall hear and determine according to the law of the land.

And the said justices and other officers shall execute their offices aforesaid at the king's costs, in going and continuing in doing their said offices, by payment thereof to be made by the sheriff, by indentures betwixt the said sheriff and justices, and other officers aforesaid, whereof the sheriff, upon his account in the exchequer, may have due allowance.

The justices dwelling nighest in the county, where such riot, assembly, or rout shall be, together with the sheriff or under sheriff, shall do execution of the said statute of the 13 H. 4. every one, upon pain of iool. to the king.

If default be found in the two justices, sheriff, or under sheriff, then at the instance of the party grieved, a commission (hal,l be issued under the great seal, to enquire as well of the truth of the case for the complainant, as of such default.

Rioters shall be taken by writ and proclamation out of chancery, on suggestion of two justices and the sheriff* on the common same of such riot.

C c c Rivers

377

1 G. ft. 2. e % Felony to remain.

1 G. ft. a. c. 5. Pulling down churches or houses, &c.

13 H. 4. c. 7. Power of the county to quell them.

2 H. 5. c. 8. . People to assist 00 pain of fine, &c.

13 if. 4. e. 7. Justices' record*

id.

Enquiry within a month.

2 H. 5. c.

Sheriff to pay costs, to be allowed in the Exchequer.

Id.

Penalty on justices not ;nforc-i ing the alt.

Id.

Enquiry into the conduit of justices.

2 H. 5. e. 9.

8 H. 6. c. 141 Rioters, how taken.

378

Rivers and Navigation.

Penalty.

Id.

Injuring the navigation#

19 G. a. c. 22. Throwing out ballad into a haven, thannel,

A*'*

*7G.t. c. 15. TF any person shall, either by day or night, wilfully or roa-River works A liciously pull down, cut down, pluck up, throw down,

destroyed. level, or otherwise destroy, any lock, sluice, floodgate, or

other works, on any navigable river, erected or to be erected by authority of parliament, or refeue any persons in custody for such offence, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy ; and the offender may be tried in an adjacent county. Persons discovering and convicting an accomplice, shall have a pardon ; and the hundred shall answer damages, not exceeding 20I. to be recovered as in cases of robbery.

If any person shall wilfully and maliciously draw or pluck up any floodgate fixed or made in any wear or lock, erected or to be eretted by authority of parliament, in or upon any navigable river, for preserving the navigation thereof, he shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness, before two justices of the county or place, or of the adjacent county or place, be feet to the house of correction to hard labour for one month.

If any person acting as mailer of a ship, shall call out, or there shall be cad out, of any vessel being within any haven, road, channel, or navigable river, any ballad, or rubbidi, but only on the land where the tide never comes; any one justice near the place may summon the master or owner, or other person acting as such, against whom the information shall be made, or issue his warrant to bring him before him ; and upon due proof made, either by confession of the party offending, or on view of such judice, or oath of one witness, that any ballad or rubbidi hath been cad out, the mader, or person acting as such, shall be adjudged the offender, and shall forfeit not above 5I. nor under 50s. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place where such conviction shall be pronounced: To be levied by didrefs, and the offender to be committed to the gaol or house of correction where the conviction shall be, for two months, or till payment of the penalties, or so much thereof for which the commitment shall be.

And as soon as any vessel shall be funk, dranded, or rail alhore, in any harbour, channel, or navigable river, or be brought in, or be there in afhattered condition, and the owner or mader shall begin to take down, or carry away any of the rigging, or tackle, or if there shall not be any person to take care of such vessel, any one judice of the county or place, near which such fact shall happen, shall, on information thereof, summon the owner, or other person having or pretending to have command thereof, or issue his warrant to bring him before him; and on conviction shall issue his warrant for seizing and removing such vessel, and also the rigging and tackle thereof, in Secanty to be manner as order and direS: And if such person

given. shall not> within five days, give security to the judice, to clear

the harbour of such vessel, and of all wreck and parts thereof, and pay the charges of seizing, removing, and disposing of the vessel and furniture, then the judice shall cause the hulk and

tackle

T9 G. 2. C. 22, Vessel funk or branded.

Justices' duty.

I

mm

Rivers and Navigation.

tackle to be sold, and with the money pay the charges of clearing the place where the vessel shall lie, and of seizing, removing, and felling the same, rendering the overplus to the owner of the manor where the same shall happen.

All persons who shall feloniously (leal any goods of the value of 40s. in any ship, boat, or vessel, on any navigable river, or in any port of entry or discharge, or from any wharf or quay, or shall be present and aiding therein, shall be excluded from the benefit of clergy.

Robbery.

ROBBERY is a felony by the common law, committed by a violent assault upon the person of another, by putting him in fear, and taking from his person his money, or other goods, of any value whatsoever.

If any person be indicted, or appealed, for killing any person attempting to rob, he shall be acquitted.

If any person, who shall travel upon the Lord's Day, shall be then robbed, the hundred shall not be liable : Nevertheless, they shall make hue and cry, on pain of forfeiting to the king as much as might have been recovered against the hundred, if the robbery had not been on the Lord's Day; except only to or frotn church.

If there be so much day-light as that one may fee a man's face, so that the robber may be known, though it be before the sun-rising, or after the sun-setting, the hundred shall answer for it.

No person shall recover against the hundred, more than the value of 200I. unless the persons robbed shall at the time of the robbery be together in company, and be in number two at the least, to attest the truth of his or their being so robbed.

In order to make the hundred liable, the person robbed shall, with as much convenient speed as may be* give notice thereof, unto foine of the inhabitants near the place.

He shall also give notice, with as much convenient speed as may be, to a condable of the hundred, that is, the high con-(lable, or to a constable of some place near; or leave notice in writing at his house, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery.

The party robbed shall also, within 20 days, cause notice to be given in the gazette, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery, and the goods and effects whereof he was robbed.

He shall also be examined on oath within twenty days next before the action brought, before a justice in or near the hundred, whether he knows any of the robbers ; and if he confesses that he does, he shall, before action brought, be bound over by the

Ccc 2

379

19 G. 2, e. 22. Hulk and tackle fold.

24 G. 2. c, 45. Stealing good* in a ship*

3 Injt*68. Robbery defined.

24 Hr 8 c. 5. Robber killed.

29 C. 2. c, 7. Lord's Day traveller, if robbed, not reimbursed.

Comytn, 345.

Da ft, c. 84. When the hundred is answerable.

22 G. 2. e. 24, Who may recover.

»7 El. c 13. What the robbed is to do.

8 G, 2* c. 16. Notice to the constable.

U.

Notice in the Gazette*

27 El. Cm 13* Examined and bound over.

380

27 El e. 13: plaintiff recovering.

8 G. 2. c. 16. High constable'a duty.

u.

Tax on the hundred*

Id.

Money paid the

ihcriff.

id.

High constable rei rnbursed.

See

27 Elix. c. 13.

u.

Reward for apprehending.

4 W. c. 8. Prosecuting to conviction.

Id.

Divided, in case ofdifpute.

Id.

Captor to have horse, arms, die.

but returned, if stolen.

4 W. c. 8. Executors of person killed in apprehending.

Robbery.

the Taid justice effectually to prosecute the person or psrfons so known to have committed the said robbery.

If the plaintiff recover, the sheriff shall shew the writ of execution to two justices (1 jg.) in or near the hundred.

The high constable also shall cause his attorney's bill to be taxed by the proper officer, and shall give in to the said justices an account thereof, and of his other expences in defending the action, and make due proof of the same upon oath, to the satisfaction of the said justices.

The said two justices shall thereupon cause a taxation to be made, and levied in 30 days, upon every division within the hundred, by the constables, by distress and sale.

And the constables shall, in ten days, pay the same to the sheriff, and the sheriff shall pay the same, without fee, to the plaintiff for his costs and damage, and to the high constable for his expences.

The high constable shall in like manner# if he recovers against the plaintiff, be reimbursed his expences which shall be over and above the costs to be taxed, and also such costs taxed as he shall not be able to recover, by reason of the insolvency of the plaintiff and of his sureties ; which shall be paid in ten days to the said two justices, or one of them, whp shall, upon request, deliver over the same to the high constable.

Any person or persons apprehending a felon, whereby the hundred becomes indemnified, shall have 10I. reward paid by the hundred; the same to be ascertained, levied, and paid by two justices (1 <£.) in .or near the hundred, in such proportions as they shall think reasonable, within the hundred.

And moreover, every person who shall apprehend a highwayman, and prosecute him till he be convicted, shall have from the sheriff of the county where the robbery andconviction was made and done, without paying any fee for the same, the sum of 40I. within one month, the judge certifying the conviction of such a felon, and also that such felon was taken by the person claiming the reward.

If any disputes shall arise, the judge shall direct it to be paid unto and amongst the persons claiming, in such proportions as to him shall seem just and reasonable. And if the sheriff shall make default of payment, he shall forfeit double, with treble costs.

Such person shall have moreover the horse, furniture, and arms, money, or other goods of the robber, that shall be taken with him, notwithstanding the right of the king or lord of the manor, or of the person lending or letting the same to hire : But saving the right of them from whom they may have been feloniously taken.

And if a person is killed in endeavouring to apprehend such highwayman, the sheriff shall pay the like sum of 40I. to the executors or administrators of the person killed, upon certificate

1

Mtv

'glC

Robbery.

381

cate delivered to him under the hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the fast was done, or the two next juRices, of such person being so killed.

If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any rob- 4 jy, Ct g. bery, and afterwards discover two or more persons, who shall Accomplice commit any robbery, so as two or more be convicted; he shall discovtiring. have the king's pardon for all robberies he shall have committed before such discovery; which pardon shall likewise be a bar against any appeal for such robbery.

Robbery in the navy shall be punished with death, or other- 22 G» z. c- 33. wife, as a court martial, on consideration of the circumstances, Robbery In the shall find meet, navy*

Roman Catholics.

BY this act, Roman Catholics are required to make a declaration of their profession, and to take the oath appointed in the courts at Westminster, or at the quarter-sessions, to be subscribed, and remain in the court as matter of record.

A fee of 2s. is due to the officer of the court for making and delivering certificates of the declaration and oath : Lids of the persons that have taken the oath, shall annually be transmitted Jo the clerk of the privy council.

Any person disturbing congregations, or mifufing priests, on proof by two witnesses, before one justice, shall be bound with two sureties in 50I. to keep the peace; and, in default, shall be committed till the next quarter-sessions, where, if he is convicted, he shall pay the sum of 20I.

Roman Catholic priests officiating in church with a (leeple Id. and bell, or at a funeral, or wearing the habit of their order, except in a place permitted by this act, or not having taken the oath, shall not be exempted from penalties by this act.

No Roman Catholic shall be exempted by this act from Id, tythes, or church payments.

No catholic shall keep school in either of the universities. Id, nor educate in his school any child of a protestant father, nor keep a school, till his name and place of abode shall be recorded at the quarter-sessions.

Catholics at large are exempt from registering their names id. and real estates, as heretofore.

Catholics taking the oaths, may act as counsellors, attornies. Id, solicitors, clerks, or notaries. Scotland is not included in this act.

31 G. 3. e. ji,

Id,

Seamen.

)RK PUE

382

T? G. 2. C. 5. Seaman on the io*d, fee 31 (7. 3. c. 45.

31 G. 2. c. 10. Forgery of Teaman's will and power.

G. a. 36* Wage* agreed fa 1.

14.

Maiiner de-

teriing.

a (7. *. c, 36. Seaman's penalty for absence.

Id.

Waees payable in 30 days.

l #<*:/. 8i, S4. Blank warrant Illegal.

Seamen.

A SEAMAN, having a testimonia! under the hand and seal of a justice of the peace, setting forth the time and place of landing, and the place to which he is to pass, and limiting the time of his passage, shall not be deemed a vagrant, while he continues in the direct way, and within the time limited. a

Any one who shall personate a seaman in his majesty's service, or his heir, executor, or administrator; or shall utter or 1 publish as true, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, assignment, last will, or any other power or authority, in order to receive any wages, pay, (

or other allowance of money or prize-money, shall be guilty of 1

felony without benefit of clergy.

No master of a merchant ship shall proceed on a voyage, J without agreeing in writing with each mariner (apprentices excepted), to be signed by such mariner, for wages; on pain of 5I. for each mariner, on conviction before one justice by the oath of one witness, to be levied by distress; for want of distress, to be committed till paid.

And if the mariner deserts after he hath signed the agreement, he shall forfeit the wages due to him at the time of deferring; and, on application to a justice within the jurisdiction where the offence was committed, from the master, owner, or commander of the ship, such justice may cause him to be apprehended ; and if he shall refuse to proceed on the voyage, without sufficient reason to the satisfaction of the justice, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding 30 days, nor less than 14 days.

And if any seaman absent himself from his ship without leave, he shall forfeit, for every day's absence, two day's pay to Greenwich hospital, to be deduced by the master out of his wages: And if any seaman, not entering into the king's service, shall leave his ship before he hath a discharge in writing, he shall forfeit one month's pay, in like manner.

The master shall pay the seaman's wages, if demanded, in 30 days after the ship is entered in the custom-house, or at the time of discharge, which shall first happen.

Note, This act, by 2. G. 3. r. 31, is made perpetual.

Search-W arrant.

A JUSTICE cannot legally grant a blank warrant for the arrest of a single person, leaving it to the party to fill up, much less can he grant such a general warrant, as might have the efle& of a hundred blank warrants.

4}«fi- >77-Limitation of junices' power.

2 H. H. 113,

150.

Search warrant, how granted.

Search-Warrant. 383

A justice cannot, upon a bare surmise, make a warrant to break any man's house, to search for a felon, or for stolen goods; for the justices being created by act of parliament, have no such authority granted to them by any act of parliament.

But in case of a complaint, and oath made, of goods stolen, and that the party suspeds that goods are in such a house, and shews the cause of his suspicion, the justice may grant a warrant (in the day time) to search in those suspected places mentioned in his warrant, and to attach the goods, and the party in whose custody they are found, and bring them before him, or some other justice, to give an account how he came by them, and farther to abide such order as to law shall appertain.

But in case of positive proof, it is right to execute the warrant in the night-time, left the offenders and goods also be gone before morning.

Such warrant ought to be directed to the constable, or other public officer, and not to any private person, though it is fit the party complaining should be present and assistant, because he knows his goods.

Whether the stolen goods are in a suspected house or not, the officer and his assistants in the day-time may enter, the doors being open, to make search, and isjuftifiable by the warrant.

As touching the goods brought before him, if it appear to the justice that they were not stolen, they are to be restored to the possessor; if it appear they were stolen, they are not to be delivered to the proprietor, but deposited in the hand of the sheriff or constable, to the end the party robbed may proceed, by indiding and conviding the offender, to have restitution.

As touching the party that had the custody of the goods, if 2 H y they were not stolen, then he is to be discharged ; if stolen. Receiver, how but not by him, but by another that fold or delivered them to dealt with, him, if it appear that he was ignorant that they were stolen, he may be discharged as an offender, and bound over to give evidence as a witness against him that fold them ; if it appear he knew they were stolen, he must be committed or bound over to answer the felony.

Bar/, Search War. executed by night.

2 H. H. 150* DLedled to coa-stable.

2 H, H. 151. Officers power#

U.

Goods restored.

Servants.

TWO justices (or the chief officer of a town corporate, and 5 EA c. 4.

two aldermen, or two discreet burgesses, if there be no Who compeL aldermen) may appoint any woman of the age of 12 years, and a c to rTC* under 40, and unmarried, and out of service, to serve, or be retained to serve by the year, or by the week or day, for such wages, and in such reasonable sort and manner as they shall think meet.

If

Servants*

i

384

2 Infi. 42. ^

One year, if time is not expressed.

Dalt. c. 58.

If a servant fall sick.

If a person retain a servant generally, without expressing anjr time, the law shall construe it to be for one year, for that retainer is according to law.

If a servant retained for a year, happen within the time of his service to fall Tick, or to be hurt or disabled by the act of God, or in doing his mailer's business; yet the mailer mull not therefore put such servant away, nor abate any part of his wages for such time.

5 El. c. 4. Time of doing this.

7 y-c. 4. Justice's power in cities, dec.

3 El. c. 4. j ustice's absence punishable.

j J. c. 6.

Clothier, &c. refusing to comply.

Rating of Wages.

THE justices of every shire, the mayor and other head-officer within any city or town corporate, shall yearly in Ealler sessions, or within six weeks next after, assemble, and call unto them such discreet and grave persons as they shall think meet, and shall have authority to rate and appoint the wages of servants, labourers, artificers, workmen, &c. as they shall think meet, and what wages every workman or labourer shall take by the great, for mowing, reaping, or threlhing of corn and grain, or for mowing or making of hay, or for ditching, paving, railing, &c. by the rod, perch, or foot, and for any other kind of reasonable labour or service.

The justices in any division, where the sessions are kept, shall have power to rate the wages within such division, as if the same were done in the general sessions for the county. No clothier, being a justice of the peace in any precinct or liberty, shall be a rater of wages for the making of cloth.

If any justice resident within the county, or mayor, shall be absent at the rating of wages, and not hindered by sickness or other lawful cause, to be allowed by the justices then assembled for rating of wages, upon the oath and affidavit of some credible person, he shall forfeit to the king iol. to be recovered in the sessions or other court of record, by indictment or otherwise.

If any clothier, or other, shall refuse to pay so much wages to their weavers, spinllers, workmen, or workwomen, as shall be rated, and be convicted thereof by confession, or oath of two witnesses, at the assizes or sessions, or before any two justices (1 <£.) he shall forfeit 10s. to the party grieved, to be levied by distress and sale.

Working in harvest.

13 Gf 14 C. 2. c. 12.

Harvest labourer's certificate.

A PERSON may go abroad to work in harvell, carrying with him a certificate from the miniller and one churchwarden or overseer, that he hath a dwelling-house or place in which he inhabits, and hath left wife and children, or some of them

there

NEV

il

Servants.

385

(or Otherwise as his condition shall require), and declaring him an inhabitant there.

By the vagrant att, persons carrying with them such certifi- 17 ft 5

cate, shall not be liable to be apprehended as vagrants.

Exemption from charge of vagrancy.

Servant fleeing into another shire.

IF a justice shall issue a warrant against any person, who 24(7.2. c, 55* shall escape into another shire, the Con (table or other person, Constable may on having the warrant* indorsed by a justice in such other shire, arrc ,m" may arrest him there, and carry him before a justice in such other shire, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall carry him back before a justice in the shire from whence the warrant did first issue*

; . i

Servant assaulting his matter.

IF any servant, workman, or labourer, shall wilfully make 5 El. e. 4. an assault or affray upon his master or mistress, or upon any Penalty for so other having charge or oversight, and shall thereof be con- d(^n6* victed before any two justices, or o^her Head-officer aforesaid, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, he shall be imprisoned for a year, or lcfs, by the discretion of two justices out of a t town corporate, and in a town corporate of the mayor or other # head officer, with two others of the discreeteft persons of the same corporation : And if the offence shall require further pu-,fc nishment, then he shall receive such other open punishment as jfi' the justices in sessions, or the mayor or other head officer* and t fix, or four at least, of the discreeteft persons of the corpora-[C* tion, shall think convenient for the quality of the offence.

V? If any servant, to whom any goods shall by his master or S. c. 7. mistress be delivered to be kept, shall go away therewith, with orC7mb«ri!agn* an intent to deal the same; or, being in his master or mif- goods.

[6 tress's service, without his or her assent, shall embezzle or u otherwise convert the same to his own use, with like purpose f^j to (leal it, if the same be of the value of 40s. or above, he shall J be guilty of felony; but this not to extend to any apprentice,

or any person within the age of 18 years; within 15,y?, 12 An. ltAn.jl* i*

ft 7.

Disputes between silk-masters and their workmen.

EVERY (ilk winder and doubler, who shall purloin, em- 13 & 14 C. 2. bezzle, pawn, fell, or detain any part of silk delivered to them c J5* to wind or double, as well as the buyer and receiver thereof, Workmen fcU

See Appendix, No. WJ. ,in*' and buf"

icccivirg.

Ddd

being

386

Servants.

13 G. 3. e. 68* Wages of weavers settled.

Id.

. M after not to give more or less.

Id.

less.

Id. 9

JuAice's duty

Person summoned, and refusing.

Id.

Evasion of this a ft, how pu-niftied.

Id

Number of ap. prentices.

I

being lawfully convicted, by conviction, or oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor) shall render to the party grieved such satisfaction for his damage and loss, and charges, as the justice shall order; or shall immediately, on conviction, by confession, or oath of one witness, be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, till satisfaction be given to the party wronged, or punishment inflicted as above.

The wages of journeymen-weavers in the (ilk manufacture in London shall be settled by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen ; in the county of Middlesex, by the justices of the said county; in the city and liberty of Westminster, by the justices there ; within the liberty of the Tower, by the justice* in and for the said liberty, at their general quarter-sessions respectively ; who shall, within 14 days after, cause the same to be published thrice in any two daily newspapers in London or Westminster.

And if any master-weaver shall give more or less wages than shall be so settled, he shall, on conviction before two justices* on the oath of one witness, forfeit 50I. by distress; to be paid to the mailer of the weaver's company, for the use of distressed journeymen.

And if any journeyman shall take more or less than so rated. Journeyman not or enter into any combination to raise the wages, he shall, on to take more or the like conviction, forfeit not exceeding 40s. to be applied in like manner: And if not paid immediately, he shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding three months.

Two justices, upon information on oath, that there is reason to suspect that any master or journeyman hath been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, may summon any clerk, apprentice, servant, or other person whose attendance appears necessary, to give evidence; and if such person shall not attend on the said summons, they shall issue their warrant to bring him before them ; and if he shall refuse to give evidence, they shall commit him to the house of correction for one month, unless he shall sooner submit to be examined and give evidence.

If any master weaver, residing within the limits aforesaid, shall retain or employ any journeyman out of the said limits, with intent to evade this act, he shall forfeit 50I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any of the courts of record at Westminster.

No silk weaver, within the aforesaid districtcs, shall have more than two apprentices at one time, on pain of 20I. to be recovered before two justices, as is aforesaid.

Persons convicted before two justices, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, or next, general sessions.

Id.

Power of appeal.

Disputes


*NEW

1

Servants.

387

Disputes between clothiers and their workmen.

CLOTHMAKERS shall pay to their labourers their wages 4 Ed. 4. e. 1. in money, and not in goods, and deliver wool to them to be Wages in wrought according to the due weight thereof; on pain of for- money, not feiting treble value of the wages, and for every delivery of ex- goods* cessive weight, 6d.

And every justice of the peace, mayor, &c. may hear and Id. determine differences, and commit the offender to the next Justice to hear gaol, till the said duties, forfeitures, and damages be paid. and dctetmine*

Every weaver, &c. who shall purloin, fell, or detain any 1J.C.7. part of the wool or yarn, and also the buyer and receiver leaver Pu*-thereof, knowing the same to be stolen or purloined, being ^son^cceiting, thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before two justices, or before the mayor and one of the aldermen or more substantial persons of a town corporate, shall make such satisfaction for damages, as the said justices or chief officers shall appoint; and if the offender do not make satisfaction, he shall, for the first offence, be apprehended and whipped, or set in the flocks where the offence is committed, or in some neighbouring market town in the same county; and for the second offence, shall incur the like or such further punishment by whipping, or being put in the flocks, as the said justices or chief officers shall think convenient.

Every clothier, cloth-worker, &c, or any other person con- 1 G. ft. i.c 15. cerned in the woollen manufacture, shall pay his workmen in Penalty on not money, and not in goods, on pain of 40s. on conviction (in Pay,n8 in 40 days) before one justice, on oath of one witness; to be dif- money* tributed, if in London, to the benefit of Christ's hospital; elsewhere, to the poor where the offence shall be discovered ; and if he shall not pay in 30 days, to be levied by the constable, by warrant of such justice, by distress; and where no sufficient distress can be found, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for three calendar months.

Offences against this act shall be determined by two justices id. on information on oath, within three calendar months; who T*o justices te shall levy the penalties by distress, half to the informer, and hear.an<1 de* half to the poor; for want of sufficient distress, the offender tcrmlce shall be committed to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction shall be made.

And alldifputes and demands, relating to work, wages, or jj, damages, between any clothier or maker of woollen goods, and And settled any weaver or other person employed in such manufactures', disputes. shall be determined by two justices, who shall, on complaint, summon the parties, and hear and examine on oath, and give such costs and damages to the party grieved, as they shall judge reasonable, and issue their warrant to levy such costs and da-

D d d 2

mages

383

I G,Jt. 2. e. 15. Power of appeal.

« , . Seller of rwxt

cloth not included in this act.

Id.

Nor Yorksiure

doth.

Fail'e measures.

Id.

Justice's duty.

29 Gf 2. «f. 33. W ages iirmoney only.

Power of appeal.

Order of fcfiSons final.

14 G. 3. c. 25. Implements and wool to be returned.

Servants.

mages (if not paid in ten days) by distress; and for want of such distress, shall commit the party to the county gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made.

Persons aggrieved by order of such justices, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, giving sufficient notice of such appeal.

This act does not extend to any factor or his agent, who shall be only employed in the sale of mix;t or medley broad cloth.

This act shall not extend to cloth made in Yorkshire, except to determine the forfeiture for felling cloths wanting in length. See. and for over ltretching them, viz. 20s. for every inch wanting in breadth ; and 20s. for every half inch short in length of 18 yards; and 40s. for fixing a false mark; to be paid in 21 days, and applied as the other penalties of this act.

One justice, on information upon oath, that any person is, or is suspected to be, guilty of any the ill practices aforesaid, may issue his warrant to the constable or other peace officer, or to any churchwarden or overseer, directing him in the daytime to enter into any house, shop, warehouse, or other fuf-pected place, to search for and examine all such bars and weights as shall be made use of for the purposes before mentioned, by any such clothier or maker of woollen goods; and if such person shall interrupt the officer, he shall forfeit jl.

If any clothier, or other person concerned in any roanufac -ture of woollen, &c. shall pay any person his wages by way of truck, or in any other manner than in money, he shall (on prosecution in three months) forfeit 20I. to be recovered by action of debt, by any person who shall sue for the same ; or otherwise, before two justices, by confession, or oath of one witness, by distress (if not paid in 14 days); and to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the poor; and for want of sufficient distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction shall be made. Persons aggrieved by the order of the justices, may appeal to the next sessions, first entering into recognizance, and giving eight days' notice in writing to the party in whose favour the order was made. And the order of sessions shall be final; and no proceedings of the justices out of, or in the sessions, shall be removed by certiorari, or otherwise.

If any weaver, or other person, employed in the manufacturing of woollen cloth, or in preparing materials for that purpose, shall not return all working tools or implements wherewith he shall be intruded, and all wool. See. delivered out to be wrought, or shall fraudulently increase the weight, he shall, on conviction before one justice where the offender shall reside, by confession, or oath of one witness, be committed to the house of correction for one calendar month.

If

NE\

Servants.

389

«Y

If any person shall fraudulently buy or receive any tools, implements, or materials, or if any person shall be charged on suspicipn with having embezzled and kept back the wool and ^tc°r*s°r "yarn delivered out to him, or with having fold, bought, or otherwise received th§ same, and oath shall be made thereof before one justice where the offence was committed, such jutUce shall issue his warrant to the constable , to enter into and search in the day-time the dwelling-house of such person, and also such other house or place, in which the clothier or his servant shall make oath that he hath just cause to suspect that the said tools or materials may be secreted : And if, upon search, they shall be found, the constable shall seize the same, and apprehend the person in whose custody they shall be found, and bring him before the same or some other justice; and unless he can give a good account how he came by the same, to the satisfaction of such justice, he shall be thereof convicted, and suffer the like punishment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

If the person accused shall request of the justice to appoint a jj. reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bought or Time allowed received the same, or any witness to prove the sale or delivery for producing thereof; the said justice shall appoint such time as aforesaid, °"ender' and shall issue a summons to the constable where such person or witness shall reside, requiring him tp appear at such tijne and place as the justice shall appoint, in order to be examined on oath of the several matters aforesaid ; but such person, at the time of making the said request, shall enter into recognizance for his appearance at the time so to be set; or for want of such recognizance, he shall be committed until the said time.

Upon information on oath made to any justice, that there is just cause to suspefl, that any ends of yarn, or other refuse Search warrant of cloth, drugget, or of other woollen goods, or of goods mixed for cJoih, with wool, have been collected and received, and are lodged or concealed in any dwelling-house, or other place, such justice shall, by his warrant, cause every such place to be searched in the day-time ; and if any of the said goods or materials, flocks and pinions only excepted, above the quantity of three pounds shall be found therein, he shall cause the person in whose house or other place the same shall be found, to he penalty -p brought before him or some other justice; and on proof made found. upon oath before such justice, that such goods or materials were found in the house or other place of such person so brought before him, the said person, not exculpating himself to the satisfaction of such justice, shall suffer the like punishment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

The justice shall cause the conviction to be written on parchment, and filed at the next sessions; and at the time of the conviction, shall make known to the party convicted, that he hatha right to appeal to the next sessions; who, upon proof power of appeal* of such notice and recognizance, shall hear and determine the matter, and may award costs to either party.

In

Id.

Id.

Conviction £ be tiled.

Original ffodV ^

LIB^

Servants.

39°

14 G. 3. e *5. In case of a second offence, such justice shall commit him to Second offence the house of correction till the next sessions, or until he shall

thcntitfrffigiw. ^avc cnterc^ into recognizance, with sufficient sureties, to ap-n pear at such sessions, and abide the order of the justices there;

and the justices shall also bind over the informer to prosecute at such leflions; and if the person informed against shall be found guilty at the said sessions, the justices there shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months. But if it appear to the said justices, that such person hath been already convicted at some sessions of any offence against this act, then they shall, upon conviction, commit him to the house of correction for any time not Six months exceeding six calendar months, and also order him to be once imprisonment publicly whipped at such time and place as they shall appoint, and whipping. Information upon oath to be made before a justice, withia Limitation of three calendar months after the offence committed,

Disputes between matters and servants in the woollen, linen, futtian, cotton, and iron manufactures.

IF any person employed in these manufactures shall embezzle or purloin any materials, and shall be convicted by oath of one witness, or confession, before one justice, he shall forfeit double the value of the damages; and if he shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction until satisfaction shall be made: And if it shall appear to the justice that he is not able to make satisfaction, he shall be there publicly whipped, and kept to hard labour not exceeding 14 days.

All payments to the said workmen shall be in money, and not in cloth, victuals, or other commodities, on pain of forfeiting and paying double the value of what shall be due to the labourers or workmen, before two justices: And all wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers, in the said manufactures, concerning work done, shall be determined by two justices, who may summon and examine witnesses on oath: Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions to be holden next after notice of the order of the said two justices. f ^ ^ e g If any person employed as aforesaid shall purloin, embezzle, h ^enalty'on* par* or otherwise illegally dispose of any materials, and shall be 5 Joining ma- convicted thereof, he shall forfeit double value of the damages, j

terUls. together with such costs as the justice shall judge reasonable; j

and if not paid immediately, the said justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction, to be whipped and 3 kept to hard labour, not exceeding 14 days; and for asecond, |ft or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four times the va- v lue of the damages, together with such costs as the justice shall judge

time.

T An Jf. tt

4.18.

Embezzling a at trials.

U.

Payment in money.

Servants.

judge reasonable; and if not paid immediately, then such or any other justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also during the time of such commitment, shall cause him to be publicly whipped in the market town where he shall be committed, at the market place or cross, once or oftener, as to such justice shall seem reasonable. The receiver of the same shall be subject to the like penalties. The forfeitures by both these acts shall be half to the party injured, and half to the poor; with the liberty of appealing to the sessions.

Dilutes between masters and their workmen in the leathern manufactures.

IF any person employed in the leathern manufactures shall fraudulently purloin or embezzle any wares of this kind, and ‘ be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witness, or I confession, before the justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall reside, such justice may award him to make satisfaction to the party injured, not exceeding p double the value, half to the party grieved, and half to the E poor, together with full charges attending the conviction ; to be levied by distress and sale; and if he shall not pay imme-k diately, such justice shall commit him to the house of correc-j tion or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour for 14 jl days, and whipped in such manner as the justice shall direct;

1 and, for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit

j four times the value of the damages, together with such costs as the justice shall judge reasonable; if not paid immediately, r he shall be committed to the house of correction or other pub-

j lie prison, to be there kept to hard labour not exceeding three

months, nor le& than one month, and also during such com-

Imitment to be publicly whipped in the market town where he shall be committed, at the market place or cross, once or oftener, as to such justice shall seem reasonable.

And every person who shall knowingly or willingly receive any the said goods or materials, or offer (6 to do, shall, on like conviction, make such recompence in two days, or else be fub-j-edt to such distress ; and for want of sufficient distress, be liable to the like punishment, as the person so purloining or otherwise disposing thereof; and so for the second and every subsequent offence.

All payments to workmen employed in the said manufactures shall be in money, and notin goods, except by their own request and consent; and if such labourer or manufacturer shall be guilty of any fraud, abuse, neglect, or default in the work by him undertaken to be done, he shall answer to the owner double damages.

All

I

391

13 C. 9. c. $♦

Receiver liable to same penalties.

Application of forfeitures.

Id.

Embezzlement* how puniftted.

Application o f penalties*

U.

Receiver, how dealt with.

U.

Wages to be ia money*

392

23 G* i. c, S*

Two jjiftice*.

Id.

Person neglect-iDg his work.

Id.

Power of appeal*

' 22 G. 2. f. 27.

17 G. 3. c, 56. Purloiners, how pufiished.

Id*

Penalty en receiver.

Informer'*

ihare.

Residue to the poor.

Servants.

Air wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers and manufacturers in the said trades, shall be determined by two justices, who may summon and examine witnesses upon oath.

Every person employed by any one mailer, and neglecting the performance thereof, shall, on conviction by oath of one witness before one justice, be sent to the house of correction* to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one.month.

Persons aggrieved by any order of the said two justices, may appeal to the next sessions, giving eight days notice ; and the sessions may award cods to either party. But no order of such two justices shall be appealed against, or quashed, for want of form only.

iifi

Disputes between matters and their workmen, in the ;,i making of hats, or in the woollen, linen, fustian, ® cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair^ or

silk manufactures.

.. 1

IF any person, hired or employed in any of these manufac* tures, shall purloin or embezzle any of the materials with which he shall be intruded, and be convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, or confession, before two justices, he shall, for the first offence, be committed to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for not less than 14 days, nor more than three months ; and, for a second, or any other subsequent offence, not less than three months, nor more than six months; and the justices may likewise, for the first or any subsequent offence, order the offender to be once publicly whipped, if such additional punishment shall by them be deemed proper.

The receiver of any of the said materials, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not more than 40I. nor less than 20I.; the same to be applied, by direction of the justices, in the first place to defray the expences of the prosecution ; next, to make such satisfaction to the party injured as the justices shall think proper ; afterwards, to the informer a sum not exceeding iol.; and the remainder to the poor of the place where the conviction shall be, or to such other public charity as* the justices shall appoint: And if the said penalty shall not be paid on conviction, the justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not more than six months, nor less than three months, unless the penalty shall befoonerpaid ; or the justices may fend him to the house of correction, or other public prison, for three days, exclusive of the day of commitment, with an order, that within the said time the offender shall be once publicly whip-

ped i I

Or

r

Servants*

V f

aped at the market place or Tome other public place, where the offender shall be committed. For a second offence, the justices i. shall commit him to the house of correction, or other L; public prison, till the next general, or general quarter-sessions;

or till he shall have entered into recognizance to answer for i such offence at the said sessions; and the justices there shall hear and determine the matter; and if the person shall be is convicted, he shall forfeit not more than iool. nor less than i;i 50I. to be recovered and distributed in like manner as the pe-z nalty for the first offence.

Although the purloined materials be worked up, or otherwise disposed of, so that it may be difficult to convict the offender, two justices as aforesaid, or the justices in sessions ref-pe&ively, on proof upon oath that such person hath purloined or embezzled, or received such materials, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, may convict the offender, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong. All £ which provisions shall extend to all tools and implements; and also to all drugs or ingredients for dying, preparing, and manufacturing the same.

If any person shall wilfully damnify, spoil, or destroy, any work committed to his charge, he shall, on conviction as aforesaid, forfeit to the owner double value, by distress; for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, for ! any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be ? made.

If any person hired or employed to work up materials for any mailer, shall neglect the performance thereof for eight days successively ; or having taken in any materials for manufacture from one mailer, shall afterwards take in any from ano-& ther mailer ; or suffer himself to be employed in any other occupation sooner than eight days before the completion of the work first taken ; he shall be sent to the house of correction or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding three months, nor less than one: And if any person shall receive any of the said materials in a fictitious name, in order to : be manufactured, or shall receive the same in his own name,

> and afterwards deliver them to any other person to be manu-$ factured; or if any carrier, or other person employed to dels1 liver fufch materials, shall deliver the same to any other person t' than him to whom the owner ordered them to be delivered, he # shall suffer, as in case of neglecting performance of the work for eight days.

It shall be lawful for the owner of the materials to enter at all seasonable hours in the day time, into the shop, outhouse, or other place, of any person employed by him to work of any the said materials, and there to inspect the condition thereof; and if any person shall refuse to permit such entrance or in-spection, he shall forfeit any sum at the discretion of the justices, nor less than 40s.; to be levied and applied as for

E e e having

393

17 G. 3. c. 56. Second offence, how punished.

Id.

Justice's power to commit.

12 G. 2. e. i7. Work fpoiied or damaged.

17 C. 3.C. 56. Workman neglecting his work 8 days.

How punished*

Id.

Owner may enter workshop.

394

17 C. 3. r. 56. Materials not used to be re-turned*

u>

Search warrant by two justices.

Time allowed to produce the feller.

Watchman, &c. may apprehend.

Materials, nifposed of.

how

Sold after 30 days.

Servants.

having materials, and not being able to give a satisfactory account how he came by them.

And if any person entrusted with any of the said materials, in order to work up the same, shall neglect, for the space of eight days after the work shall be finished, to return (if required by the owner) so much of the said materials as were not used, he shall suffer as for purloining or embezzling.

Two justices, on complaint upon oath, that there is cause to suspect, that any embezzled materials are concealed in any dwelling-house, or other place, may, by their warrant, cause the same to be searched in the day time ; and if any such materials shall be found, they may cause the same, and the person in whose possession they were found, to be brought before them, or any other two justices of the district; and if such person shall not give an account to the satisfaction of the justices how he came by the same, he shall be convicted, although no proof shall be given to whom the materials belong : And every peace officer, and watchman, during the time he is upon duty, may apprehend any person who may be reasonably suspected of carrying, after sun-setting and before sun-rising, any such materials, and the same, together with such person, may carry before two justices ; and if he shall not produce the party of whom he bought or received the same, or shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall be convicted in like manner, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong. Provided, that in either of these cases, if the person who shall be brought before the justices shall request them to appoint a reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bought or received the same, or a witness to prove the sale or delivery thereof, the justices may appoint such time, and issue a fumrnons to the constable where such person or witness shall reside, requiring him to appear and give evidence; but such person, at the time of his request, shall enter into recognizance, for his appearance at the time; or, for want of such recognizance, shall be committed until such time appointed.

And when a person shall be convicted in either of the cases aforegoing, the justices may cause the materials so found or seized to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers, for any time not exceeding 30 days; and in the mean time shall order them to advertise the same in some newspaper usually circulated there, or otherwise to cause notice to be given by some public cryer, and by fixing such notice on the church or chapel door, that those who have loft such materials may come and claim the same: And if any person can prove them to be his, the justices shall order them to bereftored to the owner, he paying the charges of removing, depositing, and giving notice. But if before the end of 30 days no person shall prove his property, the justices shall order the same to be sold, and after deducting such charges as aforesaid, together with the

charges

NEWYl

Y

Servants.

395

a charges of sale, one moiety of the money arising from such *7 G. 3. r. 56, sale shall be given to the prosecutor, and the other moiety ei- haTfto" w ther to the poor where the conviction shall be, or to such pub- ^

!t lie charity as the justices shall appoint; and the offender shall forfeit, for the first offence, 20I. for the second offence, 30I. c and for every subsequent offence, 40I. — All which said ref-pective forfeitures shall be levied by distress; and if no fuf-Scient distress shall be found, the justices shall commit the of- In failure of fender to the common gaol or other prison, or to the house of distress. correction, for one month for the first offence, for two months 1 for the second offence, and for six months for every subsequent 1 offence.

If any person employed as a journeyman dyer, servant, or t apprentice, in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woollen, journeyman I linen, fustian, cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or silk mate- dying for his f rials, shall, for his own profit, and without consent of the maf- own profit, i ter, dye any of the same, whether wrought or unwrought, he » shall, for the first offence, forfeit 10s. for the second offence, fa 20s. and for every subsequent offence, 40s. — Or if any person Person employ-( shall procure any such materials to be dyed by any such jour- in6 journeyman fa neyman, servant, or apprentice, without consent of themaster, to dye materials.

he shall forfeit, for the first offence, 5s. for the second offence,

fi 20s. and for every subsequent offence, 4I.; to be recovered as t aforesaid before two justices, on the oath of one witness, to the i! use of the informer; and in case of non-payment, on convic-k tion, the offender to be committed to the common gaol or 5b house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, fa And all contracts or agreements made in any unlawful clubs 22 G. 2. e. 27. i and societies, by any persons employed in any of the manu- Contracts in t factures aforesaid, for settling the prices of goods, or for ad- clubs, &c. fai vancing their wages, or for lessening their usual hours of unlawful* a work, shall be void : And if any such person shall be concerned fa in any such combination, he shall, on conviction in three ca-f lendar months, on the oath of one witness, before two justices, be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding three months. And if any person shall fa afTauIt or abuse any master or other person concerned in any ifa of the said manufactures, whereby he shall receive any bodily hurt, for not complying with any such illegal bye-laws, or faj shall write or cause to be written, or knowingly fend or cause

ito be sent any threatening letter. Sec. to any such person, for not complying with any demands of his workmen, he shall, on conviction by indictment, in 12 calendar months, be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

The master shall pay his workmen in mqney, and not other- 73 G. c. 23. i wife: And for the more easy recovering the said wages, two 1 justices, upon complaiht (in three months), shall summon the pa,a ,n moue*

I party offending, and for non-payment, shall issue their war-j rant to levy the same by distress; and for want of sufficient dif- tress, shall^commit the offender to gaol for six months, or un-1 - E e e 2 til

396

17 Oi 3* 56*

One justice iff--i his warrant* Two justices to hear and conoid.

Id.

Form of conviction*

17 <3. 3. e. 56. Power of appeal

Recognizance to be entered into*

14 G. 3. c. 44. False reeling yarn, how punished.

Id.

Form of con-vision

Servants.

til he shall pay, or give full satisfaction for the same: And every person paying the same otherwise than in money, shall forfeit 10I. half to the informer, and half to the party grieved, by distress as aforesaid.

in order to recover the penalties on these acts, one justice, on complaint to him on oath, may issue his warrant for apprehending the person accused, and bringing him before two justices $ who shall proceed to hear and determine the offence* And any inhabitani of the parish, township, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his being an inhabitant there.

The conviction shall be written on parchment, in this or the like form : BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord , A. B. was eonvitled before us

of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county of , of [here specify the offence, and

when and where committed.] Given under our bands and seals the day and year first above written.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any order or judgment of the two justices, he may appeal (and at the time of the conviction, the justices shall make known to him his right to appeal) to the next general or general quarter-sessions; such person, at the time of the conviction, giving to the justices notice in writing of his intention to appeal, and enter* ing into recognizance, with sufficient sureties, to try the appeal, and to abide the judgment of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the court: But if he shall not, at the time of giving notice, enter into such recognizance, the justices shall commit him to the house of correction, or other public prison, until the sessions, unless such recognizance shall be sooner entered into. And the justices, at such sessions, upon determining the appeal, may award costs to either party*

If any person shall reel false or short yarn, and shall be thereof convicted* by the oath of the owner of the yarn, or of one witness, or by confession, before one justice where the offence was committed, or the offender shall reside, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20s. nor less than 5s.; for the second offence, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.; and for the third and every other offence, he shall be committed to the house of correction, or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour for one calendar month, and be once publicly whipped at the market town nearest to the place where the offence was committed, on a market day; all which forfeitures shall go to the party aggrieved.

And the conviction shall be in this form : BE it rememberedt that on the day of in the year of our Lord A. B.

is convUled before me, one of his majesty's justices of the

1

I

I

I

Upon which Dr. Barn justly obfenres, that it is a Angular instaace of a conviction on the oath of a persons doubly interested, namely, both as owner of the goods, and as entitled to the whole forfeiture.

peace,

ft

Servants.

397

15 G. 3. c. 14.* Distress, i: not paid*

ftaee, for [specifying the offence, and the time and 14 G, 3. c.44.

place when and where committed, and also specifying that it it is the first, second, or third offence against fhis ait.] Given under my hand and J'eal, the day and year JirJi above* mentioned.

Which conviction shall be written on parchment, and filed to be recorded, at the next sessions.

If any person so convicted shall be desirous of appealing to id. the next sessions, he may, at the time of the convidon, enter Power of appeal into recognizance, conditioned to try such appeal, abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be adjudged by the justices at such sessions. And the justices there shall take recognizance of the appeal, and may affirm such conviction, and award such costs as they shall think proper.

If the pecuniary penalties for reeling false or short yarn, together with the costs and charges attending the prosecution, shall not be paid according to the order of such justice, the same shall be levied by distress, together with the costs and charges of distress and sale; and if goods sufficient cannot be found, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for one calendar month, unless such penalties and charges shall be sooner paid. And persons aggrieved on this act may appeal to the next sessions, who shall finally hear and determine the matter of complaint.

Disputes between matters and theit workmen, in the

bone and thread lace manufactory.

\ ‘ ' '

ALL lace merchants and dealers in lace shall pay the persons ,9 c. 3. e. 49. -employed by them for their labour, and for all the lace bought Payment only of them, in money only, on pain of 10I. to the party ag- in money, grieved, by warrant of one justice, by distress; for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for six calendar months, unless such penalty, and the charges attending the recovery thereof, be sooner paid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to any sessions to be holden Id. within six months after the cause of complaint shall arise, giv- P«yfor.s aging 14 days notice; and the sessions shall hear and finally de- Ria7

termine the same, and may give costs to either party, and appca levy the same by distress.

Disputes between matters and their workmen in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

IF any person shall purloin, embezzle, secrete, fell, pawn, *7 G. t.e, 7. exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any clock* f^"^rycj°0^ur" watch, gold, silver, or other metal or material, or any part

thereof, *

39»

Servants.

*7 G* 2. c. 7, thereof, or any diamond or other precious stone, with which he shall be entrusted ; and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of the owner, or other credible witness, or on confession, before one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the person so charged shall reside, he shall, for the (irft offence, forfeit 20I. and if not forthwith paid, the justices shall commit him to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of 14 days, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid ; and if within two days before the expiration of the said 14 days such forfeiture shall not be paid, the justice may order him to be publicly whipped at the market place, or some other public place, of the city, town, or place, where he shall be committed; and for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit 40I. in like manner; and if not paid forthwith, the justice shall commit him as aforesaid, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid ; and if within seven days before the expiration of the time for which he shall be committed, the forfeiture shall not be paid, the justice may order him to be whipped in like manner, twice or oftner, as to such justice shall appear reasonable.

And if any person shall buy or receive any clock or watch, or part thereof, or any diamond or other precious stone, knowing the same to be so purloined, he shall, on the like conviction, suffer as above.

One justice, on complaint to him made upon oath, of arfy offence against this act, may issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other justice of the same place, the person so charged.

And the conviction shall be in this form:

Middlesex, } BE it remembered, on the day of

U.

Receivers p»-nished as above.

U.

By one justice.

Form of conviction.

in

reign, A. B. was

of hi 5 majesty's or for the or for the city , (as the

to wit. 5 the year of his majesty's

convicted before me [or us, if more than one] justices of the peace for the said county of riding (or division) of the said county of liberty, or town of in the said county of

case shall be) of purloining, embezzling, or unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn (as the case shall be) specifying the respective goods, materials, oreffedts, the property of C. D. of in the county of Given under

my hand and seal (or our hands and seals) the day and year aforesaid

Disputes

LIBRARjf

i.

i

I

K

I

I

6

i

it

Is

|5

fit

ti

i *

8

Servants.

Disputes between matters and servants in husbandry, artificers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keel-men, pitmen, glaffmen, potters, and other labourers.

ALL complaints, differences, and disputes between mailers or mistresses and servants in husbandry hired for a year [or for less time] ; or between mailers and mistresses and artificers, and other labourers employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, shall be determined by one justice, where the mailer or mistress shall inhabit, although no rate or assessment of wages has been made that year; which justice shall examine on oath any such servant or other the said persons, or any other witness touching such complaint, and make such* order for payment of wages, as to him shall seem just and reasonable, provided that the sum in question do not exceed iol. with regard to any servant, nor 5I. with regard to any other persons before.mentioned; and in case of non-payment for 21 days, such justice may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress.

Such justice, on application or complaint on oath by any mailer, mistress, or employer, against any such servant, or labourer, concerning any misdemeanor, miscarriage, or ill behaviour in his or her service or employment, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender by commitment to the house of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard labour not exceeding one calendar month, or otherwise by abating some part of his or her wages, or by discharging such servant or other the said persons from their service or employment.

And in like manner, such justice, on complaint or application on oath by any such servant, artificer, or other labourer, against such mailer, mistress, or employer, concerning any mifufage, refusal of necessary provision, cruelty, or other ill treatment, may* summon such mailer, mistress, or employer, to appear before him at a reasonable time to be prefixed in such summons; and he shall examine into the matter of such complaint, and upon proof thereof made upon oath, to his satisfaction, mays discharge such servant, or other person aforesaid, from his service and employment, which discharge shall be given under his hand and seal gratis.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by such determination, order, or warrant of such justice (except any order of commitment), he may appeal to the next sessions, who may award costs to either party, not exceeding 40s. to be levied by distress, in manner before-mentioned. Nothing herein shall extend to the stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

399

20 G.t.C. 1$-

Determined bf one justice.

Order of payment of wages*

20 G. 2, c. T9* Punishment of servants' ill behaviour.

Id.

Punishment of master or mistress, Sc c.

Id.

Appeal to the sessions.

Stannaries excepted.

See appendix, No. 70.

See appendix, No. 69. f See appendix, No. 74.

If

Servants*

400

6 G. 3. c. 15.

Workmen en-

If any artificer, callico printer, handicraftsman, miner, potter, labourer, or other perfoo, shall contract with any perforf jaged lore term. fQr any time or term, and shall absent himself from his service before the term of his contract shall be completed, or be guilty of any other misdemeanor; it shall be kwful for one justice, on complaint upon oath, to issue his warrant to apprehend such person complained of, and to examine into the nature of the complaint; and if it shall appear to such justice, that the person complained of hath not fulfilled his contraCl, or hath been guilty of any misdemeanor, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

IK Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions,'giving

Power of appeal* six days notice to the justice and to the parties, and entering into recognizance, within three days after such notice, before a justice, with sufficient surety, to try the appeal at, and abide the order or judgment of, and pay such colls as shall be awarded by, the justices at such sessions*

Taylors and their workmen within the bills.

7 <7./. 1 .~c. 13. Hours ot work in and near London.

Rate of wagest

General mourning.

I G. 3, e. 17. No greater wages to be given or taken*

IJ.

Justices power herein.

THE hours of work for servants or journeymen to be employed in the taylor business, within London and five miles thereof, shall be from fix in the morning till seven in the evening, with an interval of one hour only for refreshment. And the wages for the same shall be, any sum not exceeding 2s. yfd. a day; except during the space of one calendar month from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl marshal in the London gazette; and during that space, any sum not exceeding 5s. i-d.

And if any master shall give, or any workman within the said limits shall take, any more or greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall, on information or prosecution within three months, and conviction thereof, before two justices, by coo-session or oath of one witness, be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than 14 days.

Any two justices within the limits aforesaid, upon information on oath made to them, that there is reason to suspect that any person hath given or received greater wages than as aforesaid, shall issue their summons, requiring any person employed by the person fofufpeCled to have offended, or any other person, whose attendance such informant shall think necessary for the purpose of giving evidence, to attend such justices, or some other two justices acting for such county or place, to testify concerning the premises; and if such person shall not attend, such two justices, or any other two justices acting for such

county

401

8 G. 3. c. 17 %

Id.

Taylors' wages, by whom regulated.

Servants.

county or place, to testify concerning the premises; and if such person shall not attend,such two j ustices, or any other two j ustices adtingfor such county or place, shall issue their warrant to apprehend and bring such person before them, or some other (two j ustices acting for the said county or place, to be examined touch -ing the premises in the said information : And if any such peri son so attending, or being brought before such justices, shall refuse to be examined or give testimony, he shall,by the said justices, be committed to the house of correction, until he shall submit to be examined, and give testimony as aforesaid.

The mayor, aldermen, and recorder of London, at their general quarter-sessions, or general sessions, shall, from time to time, on application to them made, alter, regulate, and order the wages for persons employed in the business of making men and women's clothes within London and five miles thereof, and the hours of work : And within fourteen days after making every such order, shall cause the same to be printed and published, at the reasonable expence of the persons applying for the same, in any two daily newspapers in London or Westminster.

Nothing herein shall extend to regulate the wages or hours of work of persons employed as foremen ; or to hinder the paying or receiving other \vages (not exceeding 6d, an hour in time of general mourning, and 3d. an hour at any one time) before or after the hours of work.

And if any master, residing within the limits, shall employ any perfoq out of the said limits, with intent to elude the act, and shall give greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 500I. with costs, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Persons convicted by the two justices as aforesaid, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, or general-sessions, giving immediate notice of such appeal, and finding sufficient security to the satisfaction of such justices, for being personally present at the said sessions, and for prosecuting the appeal with effect, and abiding by the judgment of the court. And the sessions may award costs to either party. And if the conviction shall be confirmed, the appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the conyidtion, and until payment of costs.

Shoemakers and their workmen within the bills.

IF any journeyman shoemaker, within the bills of mortality, a?,

shall be accused by his master of purloining any shoes or Purloining other wares or materials, one justice where the offence shall ftoe.s,i^c* how be committed, qr the offender shall inhabit, on oath of such pu,il c offence, may summon the party, or issue his warrant to apprehend him 5 and if the same is proved before him by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall award satisfaction for damage^ and charges, and levy the same by distress j and for want of

F f f sufficient

Id.

Certain exemptions.

Id.

Evasions of the act severely punished.

Id.

Power of appeal*

40 2

9 G* c % 17*

Id.

Two ju(Hce« may issue search warrants. *

Id.

Workman leaving matter.

Id.

Power of appeal.

17 G. 3*c. 39. This act, by whom executed. 21 G. 3. c. 31.

Power of appeal.

Td.

Penalties may be mitigated,'

*5 0- 3- 43»

Servants not' 4 employed in husbandry.

Servants,

sufficient distress, shall cause the offender to be whipped where the offence was committed ; and for a second or other offence, he shall commit him to the house of correction, not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days; and every person who shall buy, receive, or take in pawn the same, shall be subject to the same punishment.

Two justices, on complaint on oath, may issue their warrant for searching in the day-time for goods so purloined, and break open doors, and every person hindering such search, shall forfeit 10I. to him who shall sue in two months; and if such goods shall be found, they shall restore them to the owner, and cause the offender to make satisfaction for (he damages and charges, as aforesaid.

And every person retained by one matter, who shall suffer hirafelf to be retained by any other, before he hath finished his work, shall, on conviction upon oath of one witness, before one justice, be sent to the house uf correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next fefSon, giving eight days notice.

Duty on Servants.

THE of of the duties upon houses and windows shall be of to put this act in execution.

Prosecutions under this act, within the limits of the excise-office, shall be determined by the commissioners of excise, and in other parts of the kingdom, by any two or more of the justices of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed ; and if the party finds himself aggrieved, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, whose judgment therein shall be final.

It shall be lawful for the said of and justices, where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any penalties and forfeitures, in such manner as they shall think ht, the reasonable costs and charges of the prosecution being allowed, over and above such mitigation, so as not to reduce the penalty to less than one fourth part thereof, over and above the said costs and charges; one moiety thereof to and for the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the discoverer or informer of the same.

The tvyo above cited acts being repealed, it was enacted, that from and after July 5, 1785, the following duties are to be paid for all male servants, not employed in husban<5ry; for one or two, il. 5s. each ; for three or four, il. 10s. each; five to seven, il. 15s. each 5 eight to ten, 2I. each ; for eleven and upwards, 3I. each.

An

NEW YC

Servants

r

An additional il. 5s. is to be paid for every male servant retained by unmarried men above 21 years of age.

The duties granted by this act are not to extend to servants employed, bona fide, in husbandry, dairy, or manufacture, or any trade or calling (other than waiters) by which the mailer or mistress of such servant shall earn a livelihood or profit.

The duty for every coachman, groom, postillion, or helper, let out to hire by way of jobb, shall be paid by the mailer or mistress, for whose use and in whose service they shall be employed respectively; and the duty hereby granted for every gardener, retained or employed by any person or persons who shall contract for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the person or persons for whose use and in whose garden such gardener shall be employed.

Nothing in this act shall extend to exempt any person or persons from the payment of any of the duties granted by this act, in respect of any servant, under pretence that such servant is or shall be bound as an apprentice to such person or persons, save and except such apprentices as are or shall be imposed upon any mailer or mistress, by magistrates and parish officers, so as the number of such apprentices, so imposed upon any mailer or mistress, does not exceed two: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt any such apprentice or apprentices who is or are employed as livery servants.

This act shall not extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, the butler or butlers, manciple, cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, or porter or porters, of any college, or hall, within either of the universities of Oxford Or Cambridge, or the universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or St, Andrews, in Scotland, or of the several colleges of Westminster, Eton, or Winchester; or the servants of his Majesty, or any of the royal family ; or of any ambassador or foreign minister residing in the kingdom of Great Britain.

Nothing herein contained shall extend to any of th'e rbyal hospitals of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling hospital.

One servant of any officer under the rank of a field officer, shall not be liable to the duties; nor one servant of any officer disabled in his Majesty's service, and on half pay.

Female Servants' duty repealed.

BY an act, 25 G. 3, r. 42, it was enabled, that from and after the 5th day of July, 1785, there should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by all persons who should retain or em-

Fff 2 ploy

403

15 G. 3- *43*

Additional duty by unmarried men.

Exemptions.

Id.

Jobb servants chargeable.

Gardeners,

Not all appren* tices exempt.

Certain college

servants,

exempt.

Hospitals exempt.

Officer's lertanf exempt.

25 G. 3. c. 42, recited.

32 G. 3. c. 3.

4°4

Servants.

3* G. 3. c. 3.

Duties to cease from 5 April, X792.

1

*5 G. 3. e. 43. Who to collet.

Time* of meeting.

Act to be duly enforced.

Oath to be first taken.

Commissioners*

oath.

By whom administered.

Duty, when to commence.

To be paid quarterly.

ploy any female servant or servants, such yearly sums as are therein mentioned: From and after the fifth day of April, 1792, the duties on female servants granted by the said recited act are to cease and determine; and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said recited act, or by any other act of Parliament, in relation to the managing, collecting, levying, and paying the said duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine.

The duties charged by this act are to be collected by such persons, and paid into the exchequer under such penalties, &c. as are appointed for the duties on houses and windows. The of of the afore-mentioned duties on houses, shall be of for putting this act in execution.

The first meeting shall be on or before the 5th day of July, 1785, and afterwards yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said of, for the time being, shall think proper to appoint, on or before the 30th day of April.

The of, on default of meeting on the day above-mentioned, may meet afterwards, &c. in order to execute the powers of this act, so as that the said duties charged by this Jad may be duly and effectually assessed, raised, levied, and paid to his majesty, his heirs and successors, notwithstanding any such default or defect as aforesaid.

No person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act (except in administering the oath herein after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths re-quisite to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses and windows, or lights; and also shall have taken the following oath:

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the z^th year of king George the third, to repeal the duties on male servants ; and for granting new duties on male and female servants ; and that I will determine upon all appeals which shall be brought before me f under the said act, according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

Which oath any two or more of the of are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall act as a commissioner for the execution of this act, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken such oaths, as aforesaid he shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of iool.

The assessment of the duties charged by this act shall be made for one year, from the 5th day of April in every year.

The said duties shall be paid at the times and in the proportions following (that is to say), quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the 10th day of October, in every year, by equal portions;

the

Servants.

the first of the said quarterly payments to be made on the ioth day of October, 1785.

If there shall be a neglect of appointment of assessors of the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or if the assessors appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act, the surveyor or fnrveyors, or inspector or inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall perform such and the like services as, by the said acts, or any of them, are required from such assessors.

Every person so appointed, or to be appointed a/Teflor, or any surveyor or inspector hereby authorised to act as an asseflor, shall, before he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (beftdes the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by assessors by the before-mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form:

I A.B. do swear [or affirm, as the case may require], that in the affiejfmerit which I am required to make by authority of an act made in the z$tb year of king George the third, to repeal the duties on male servants; and for charging new duties upon male servants; I will ail according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the of are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person shall presume to act, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 20I.

The said of naming in their precepts whom they shall think fit to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall cause notice to be inserted, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the duties granted by this act.

Assessors shall, within 14. days after such their appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any servant liable to the duties granted by this act, within the limits of the places for which such assessors are to act, at his or her dwelling-house, to prepare or produce, within 14 days, separate lills in writing of his or her male servants retained or employed within such limits, describing the christian name and surname of each servant, and the capacity in which each shall have been retained or employed, and to contain the greatest number of servants, which such person shall have retained or employed at any one time in the course of the year ending the 5th day of April preceding such notice ; and every such person shall, after such notice so given or left, make out the said lifts, and sign the same with his or her own name, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such assessor or assessors, who are hereby required and direct

405

1

15 G. 3.C.43.

Non appointment of assessors remedied.

Id.

Alfeflor to take the oath.

Assessor's oath.

Id.

By whom administered.

Id.

Notice of appointment.

Id.

Assessors duty.

Servants.

406

*5 C. 3. C. 45.

Persons a{Ttflrd in two parities relieved.

Id.

Declaration

finned.

Surcharge by

. Jd.

AHeflinents delivered to be signed.

Id.

Surveyors to in-fpc£t the lifts and certify.

Id.

Penalty on not delivering lift.

Id.

Surcharge

double.

ted to call for the same. If any such person shall riegleft ot refuse to make out such lifts, the assessor or assessors shall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such person, in respect to the number of male servants ; and every such assessment shall be final upon the person thereby charged, who shall not beat liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall alledge and prove such excuse for not having delivered his or her lift, as the of for executing this act shall think reasonable and sufficient.

If any person, having been assessed under this act in one parish for his or her servants within the same, shall be again assessed in another, for such servants, or any of them ; the of present, or the majority of them, on any application for the purpose, are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, on proof that such person has paid the said duties in another place, to the satisfaction of the of present, or the majority of them.

Every person called upon to give lifts, shall, at the same time, make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the number of servants respectively, which he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular parishes or parish, districts or district, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other servants respectively, so as that every such lift or declaration shall contain the whole number of servants retained by such masteror mistress within the kingdom of Great Britain ; and the said assessors shall enter the lift or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver the said lift or declaration to the surveyor for each parish or district; in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the of for managing the affairs of taxes.

The assessors shall be at liberty, if they shall find that any servant or servants is or are omitted in such lifts, to surcharge the same.

The assessors shall deliver their assessments to the of within three months after their appointment, which of are to sign the same, and appoint collectors, &c. who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors under the before-mentioned acts may inspect the lifts before they are signed, and amend them; and if they dif* cover any omissions after the lifts are signed, they are to certify the same to the of.

Where any person liable to deliver such lifts or declaration as aforementioned to the assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift or lifts, or declaration, to such assessor or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 10I.

And where any assessor or surveyor shall make a surcharge upon any person, such surcharge shall be made after the rate

of

Servants.

of double the duty of the servant so omitted; and the assessor or surveyor so making such surcharge, shall have and receive for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every fur-charge which shall be justly made upon any such lift or declaration.

Inhabitant householders are to deliver lifts of lodgers who keep servants, containing the names of the parties, on penalty of 10I.

Persons over-rated mav appeal to the of; and the said of, or any two or more of them, shall hear and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her lift or lifts, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient cause for such omission. At the time of hearing the same appeal, a list or lifts shall be produced, by or on the part of the appellant, upon his or her oath, of the greatest number of servants, liable to the aforesaid duties, of such appellant, within the district or limits of the place where such appeal shall be made, which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every year, with such description and explanation, and also such lift or declaration as to other districts, as is herein-before required ; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined, on the days appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein-before mentioned with ref-pett to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

Commissioners are not to make any abatement in the charge, See. unless it shall appear, on oath, that the appellant is overrated.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give at the lead: ten days notice thereof to the surveyor, or assessors, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor, inipettor, and assessor, and appellant, shall have full liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and the determination of the said of on the same. The said of, upon every such appeal, although they shall confirm the fur-charge of such assessors, or surveyor or inspettor, may remit and strike off the penalty herein-before directed to be paid to such assessor, See. lurcharging such lift, if any doubt shall arise, whether the servant so surcharged was rateable within the meaning of this act.

If such surcharge was falsely and vexatiously made, then, such surveyor, &c. so surcharging, shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punishment, as in and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, or inspectors or assessors, for neglect of duty.

All appeals, once heard and determined by the said of of this att, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed

407

15 C. 3. c. 43. Lifts of lodgers.

Id.

Appeal to cotn-milTjoners.

Id.

Commissioners

limited.

U.

Notice in case of appeal.

Surcharge, when abated.

Jd.

Vexatious surcharge.

Jd.

Appeals final*

408

*5 G. 3. «. 4*« except to kind's bench, Sec,

Id.

Pxymenti already made stand good.

Payment?, where nude.

To what fund applied.

Above 20I. how secovefed.

Under *ol. before two j unices.

Application of penalty.

Officers to afhft.

Id.

Limited time 04 iaits.

Servants.

pointed for hearing appeals, shall be final, except that persons dissatisfied may, in England, appeal to the court of king's bench ; and in Scotland, to the court of session.

Notwithanding any such case so transmitted to any of thej said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said of shall stand, with respect to the payments which shall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

The monies arising from this act shall be paid into the exchequer, and entered separate from all others.

Fifty-one thousand pounds, part of the duties arising by this act, shall be carried to the fund, commonly called the sinking fund ; and the remainder of the duties shall be a fund for the payment of the annuities, payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, visual ling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Every penalty above twenty pounds, shall be recovered, in England, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Well-minster; or in the court of session, in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information ; one moiety of every penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Where the penalty doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof, either by confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of non-payment, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of such county, division, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such justices shall think most proper.

All constables and headboroughs, and other his Majesty's officers, are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them di-rested by the respective of hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

All actions, suits, or informations, for any offence against this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence

committed.

r

!11

U

it

a

NE\

»»s*« s- a 1rrfi

Servants*

IP

ta-

il

it

i

6

fc

ti

i

committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void ; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a ft, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give'the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

N. B. It may not be improper in this place to take notice, 2$ G- % <*, 43* that where persons partially employing a gardener, not living hardener serv-in the family, to take care of their garden, in common with 'irons',Charge-other gardens, or employing the same person by the year, or to all. otherwise, to take care of the garden, and to do other services in husbandry, &c. have thought themselves aggrieved, by being charged with the duties on servants, and the matter has been referred to the judges; the determination has been given in favour of the assessor; although, in some cases, fix different persons are assessed for employing the same gardener, whether by the year, month, or week: But under-labourers by the week are not included.

Servants' Characters.

MANY false and counterfeit characters of servants having either been given personally, or in writing, by evil disposed persons being, or pretending to be, the mailer, mirtrefs, retainer, or superintendant of such servants, or by persons who have actually retained such servants in their respective service, contrary to truth and justice, and to the peace and security of his Majesty's subjects: And the evil herein complained of being not only difficult to be guarded against, but also of great magnitude, and continually increasing, and no sufficient remedy having hitherto been applied: From and after the first day of July 1792, if any person or persons shall faifeiy personate any mailer or mistress, or the executor, administrator, agent, or servant of any such mailer or millrefs, and shall either personally, or in writing, give any .false, forged, or counterfeited character to any person offering him or herself to be hired as a servant into the service of any person or persons, every such person or persons so offending, shall forfeit and undergo the[penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely aftert, in writing, that any servant has been hired or retained for any period of time whatsoever, or in any station or capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in G g g which

32 G. 3. c, 5$.

Ill effects of false characters*

Persons giving them liable 10 be punished.

s %

Person fatfify-ing about servants1 hiring.

410

3» G, 3. e. 56.

or shout servants' discharge#

Servant* giving false accounts*

Servants pretending not to have served.

Conviction before two justiers#

Penalty 20I. Application of penalty.

Informer a competent witness.

^Exemption to offenders giving information.

Servants.

which he, she, or they shall have hired or retained such (er-vant, such person or persons, so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant was discharged or left his, her, or their service at any other time than that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such service, or that any such servant had not been hired or employed in any previous service, contrary to truth, that then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person shall offer himself or herself as a servant, afferting or pretending that he or she hath served in any service in which such servant shall not actually have served, or with a false, forged, or counterfeit certificate of his or her character, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or persons having before been in service, shall, when offering to hire himself, herself, or themselves as a servant or servants in any service whatsoever, falsely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous service as a servant, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein-after mentioned.

If any person or person shall be convicted of any or either of the offence or offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace for the county. See. where the offence or offences shall have been committed (which oath such justices are hereby impowered and required to administer), every such offender or offenders shall forfeit the sum of 20I. one moiety to the person informing, and the other moiety thereof for the use of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall have been committed; persons not paying the penalty with cods, or not giving notice of appeal. Sec. may be committed to the house of correction, or some other prison of the county. Sec. there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, or until he or she pay the said sum so forfeited, together with the cods and charges.

The informer shall be deemed and taken to be a good and , competent witness in law, notwithstanding he shall be entitled to a part of the penalty. {

Offenders discovering accomplices before information, shall U be indemnified ; if any servant or servants, who shall have been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, shall, before any information has been given or lodged against him, her, or them, for such offence, discover and inform against any person or persons concerned with him, her, or them, in any offence

Servants* Characters. 411

fence against this act, so as such offender or offenders be con- 3* G. 3* c. 56* vifted of such offence in manner aforesaid, every such servant or servants, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified of, from, and against all penalties and punishments, to which, at the time of such information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this act.

J ustices may cause convictions to be drawn up in the following form 2

Be it remembered, that on the day of Form of con*

in the year of our Lord vision.

A. B. is convicted before us two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of

[/pacifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.]

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year aforesaid.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-session, where power of appeal, the matter may be finally determined in a summary way, and such costs awarded to the parties appealing or appealed against, as the justices shall think proper; and no conviction or order shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari.

Sessions.

THE sessions of the peace is a court of record, holden be- bait. e.

fore two or more justices, whereof one is of the quorum, Court of record for execution of the authority given them by the commission J^ecute the of the peace, and certain statutes and acts of parliament.

Such sessions only are properly called general quarter-sessions, which are holden in the four quarters of the year, in How dif-pursuance of the 2 H. 5, any other sessions holden at any other t,nSullhed. time for the general execution of the justices* authority, may be properly called general sessions, and those holden on a special occasion for the execution of some particular branch of their authority, may properly be called special sessions.

The j ullices shall keep their sessions in every quarter of the u R. 2. c. 10. year at lead, and for three days, if need be; to wit, in the At what periods fird week after the fead of St. Michael, in the fird week after held# the Epiphany, in the fird week after Eader, and in the fird week after St. Thomas, and more often, if need be.

Except in Middlesex; where the justices shall keep their u H* 6 c. 4, sessions twice in the year at lead, and more often (if need be) Middlesex for any riot or forcible entry within the said county. sessions.

N. B. How many adjournments soever shall be holden af- Burn ^ . terwards in that quarter of the year, all shall refer to the fird pt ,g'l# commencement of the sessions.

Any two justices, one whereof is of the quorum, by the id. words of the commission of the peace, may issue their precept Who may sum-

Q g g 2 to mon a session*

L G° s|e

412

2 Haw. 41. by precept to the sheriff.

SessionS*

1

Nelft Introdutf 35- .

Lamb 382.

Jury summoned.

Dalt. c. 185. Justice's duty to appear.

a Sa/k. 607. Justice not to join where he is concerned. jDait, c. 185* Who are re quireld or supposed to be prefeoc.

Jurors not appearing. hosV punishable

Id.

Persons attending. how protected*

G. 2. e. 46 Attorney to be Carolled.

to the sheriff to summon a fession, for the general execution of their authority; and such fefiioft, holden at any time within that quarter of a year, is a general quarter fession.

Any two such justices may dirett their precept under their telle to the lheriff, for the summons of the sessions, thereby commanding him to return a grand jury before them, or their fellow justices at a certain day and place, and to give notice to all stewardg, constables, and bailiff's of liberties, to be present and do their duties at such day and place, and to proclaim in proper places throughout his bailiwick, that such sessions will be holden at such day and place, and to attend there himself to do his duty.

And such precept should bear telle, or be dated fifteen days before the return.

The sheriff also shall cause a jury to appear at such days and places, as the said justices, or such two or more of them as aforesaid shall appoint.

1. The justices of the peace are compellable to appear at the sessions; for without their appearance, the sessions cannot be holden.

But a justice ought not to join in an order at sessions wherein himself is concerned, nor ought his name to be in the caption. An order was quashed for that reason.

2. Thecullos rotulorum ought to be there himself, or by his deputy, who is the clerk of the peace. — 3, The lheriff also, by himself or his deputy ; to receive the fines, to return jurors, to execute process, and what else to his office doth appertain. — 4. All coroners. — 5. The high constables, and all other officers to whom any warrant hath been directed, in order to make return thereof. — 6. All bailiffs of hundreds and liberties, as they are bound to give an account of all sessions-process. — 7. The gaoler, to bring thither his prisoners, and to receive such as may be committed. — 8. The keeper of the house of correction, to give in a calendar, and account of persons in his custody. — 9. All persons returned by the lheriff, by virtue of the aforesaid precept. And the jurors not appearing according to their summons, are punishable by loss of issues, which usually make part of the estreats of sessions. — 10. All persons returned by recognizance to answer, or to prosecute and give evidence.

All persons may freely attend at the sessions for the advancement of public justice, and for the service of the king. And they are invited thither by a certain freedom of access, and by proie&ion from common arrest.

No person shall act as solicitor, attorney, or agent, or sue out any process at any general or quarter-sessions, either with respect to matters of a criminal or civil nature, unless he is admitted and inrolled according to law, on pain of 50I. to him who shall sue in 12 months, with treble costs.

Where

Sessions.

4‘3

Where authority is given to two justices to do any act, the sessions may do it in all cases, except where appeal is directed to the sessions.

Justices may issue their warrants for apprehending persons charged with crimes within the cognizance of the sessions, and bind them over to appear there, although the offender be not yet indicted.

If jurisdiction be given to the sessions, to hear and determine, and doth not say by information, this shall be by in-distment, and not upon information.

The sessions is all as one day, and the justices may alter their judgments at any time whilst it continues.

It seemeth certain, that the sessions hath no authority to amerce any justice, for his non-attendance at the sessions, as the judges of assize may for the absence of any such justice at w the gaol delivery : Inter pares non eft potejias.

The sessions may proceed to outlawry in cases of indictments n found before them : But they cannot issue a capias utlagatu?n> but must return the record of the outlawry into the king's bench, and thence process of capias utlagatum shall issue.

The sessions cannot award an attachment for contempt in not complying with their orders; but the ordinary and proper method is by indictment. rlr The justices are not punishable for what they do in sessions:

iff Unless there be some manifest act of oppression, or wilful abuse

nr of power.

ii; The justices being met, the usual course is with three o-yes ji to proclaim the sessions, and then read the comraiflion of the

iff peace: Then the grand jury are called and sworn, and the

ii charge given to them.

it If there be any who are to take their oaths, in order to quail lify them for offices, this must be done between the hours of jit nine and twelve in the forenoon, and not otherwise. pr The king's proclamation against profaneness and immorality

is also to be read ; and likewise divers acts of parliament;

PI against popery, the riot aft, the black aft, the act about ale

je Vieafures, and about burying in woollen, are required to be

£ given in charge at the sessions ; the acts concerning jurors are (j to be read in Midsummer sessions yearly; and the statute against bribery and corruption in elections of members of parliament is to be read at every Easter sessions.

Then the recognizances may be called, especially such as are to prosecute and give evidence, that so bills may be drawn and prepared.

Upon appeals to be made to the sessions against judgments or orders, the justices shall cause any defect of form in such original judgments or orders, to be rectified and amended, and then shall proceed upon the merits.

In case of trespass and assault, the court frequently recommends to the defendant to talk with the prosecutor, that is,

to

L. Raym. 426* Power of sessions.

1 H. H. 579; Justices may bind over.

Dalt. e. 191. by indictment* if not otherwise mentioned. 2 Sa/k. 606. The whole time of session as one day.

2 Haw. 41, 42. Justice not rineable for absence.

21 7. c. 4.

2 H. H. 52. Warrant to take an outlaw from king's bench. Se£\ C. V. 2. 176.

Sessions may indict for contempt.

2 Barnardiftt 249. 250. Justices, when punishable.

Dalt. c. 185. Sessions, how opened.

25 Cm 2. C. 2.

Oaths, when taken. \

5 El. c. x.

1 G. c. 5.

9 G. c. 22.

11 & 2 fT. r» *5-

30 C. 2. c. 3.

4 & 5 fP. c. 24. 7&f8 IV. c. 32.

3 & 4 An. Cm 18.

3 G. 2. c. 251

2 G. 2. c. 24. Dalt. c. 185.

5 G. 2. c 19. Defelts of form reltiiied.

Cro. Cir 52. Defendant to talk with pro* fccutor.

414

Cr9. Cir, 5*. Defendant pleading guilty.

13 JTA t. 9.

Justices nay act when the tommission expiree.

Acts giving juriCdiction to xommissioneis.

±i fef 23 C. 2. 7*

Killing in the night, lelony.

Id.

Penalty for maiming, dec.

4

14 G. c. 6. Stealing sheep.

Id.

Reward for prosecuting offender.

Sessions.

- I » - Z» 9

to make amends for the injury done him; and if the ptofir-cutor comes and acknowledges a satisfaction received, the court will only set a small fine on the defendant.

Sometimes the prosecutor and defendant agree, before the defendant pleads to the indictment; and then the defendant comes into court in his proper person, and pleads guilty to the indictment; and upon proving, by a subscribing witness, a general release executed by the prosecutor, the defendant fub-xnits to a small fine, such as the courtis pleased to impose*

Sewers.

FOR one year after the expiration of a commission of few-ers, the justices of the peace, or fix of them (2 ^.) may execute the powers of the said commission, unless a new com-raiflion shall be issued in the mean time.

For the power and authority of these of, fee 23 H. 8. c. 5. 25 H. 8. c. 10. 3 4 Ed. 6. c. 8. 7. An. c. 10. —

Besides which general acts, there are others which concern the cities of London and Westminster only, and other places within the bills of mortality.

Sheep.

IF any person shall, in the night-time, maliciously and willingly kill any (beep, he shall be guilty of felony ; but to avoid judgment of death, he may make his election to be transported for seven years. And three justices (1 J^.) may hear and determine the same.

If any person shall in the night-time maliciously maim, wound, or otherwise hurt any sheep, whereby the same is not killed, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages, by action of trespass, or on the case.

If any person shall drive away, or (leal any (beep or Iamb, or shall wilfully kill any sheep or lamb, with a felonious intent to (teal the carcase, or any part thereof; or shall assist in committing any the said offences, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any such offender, shall have a reward of iol.; in order to which, he shall have a certificate signed by the judge, before the end of the assizes, certifying such conviction, and where the offence was committed, and that the offender was apprehended and prosecuted by the person claiming the reward ; and if more than one claim the reward, he shall therein

NEW

Sheep. 415

in appoint what share shall be paid to each claimant; which certificate being tendered to the sheriff, he shall pay the same within a month, without deduction, on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

Sheriff-.

THE sheriff hath a jurisdiction both in criminal and civil 3 Salk, 311*

cases ; and for this purpose he hath two courts, his torn Sheriff's power. for criminal causes, which is therefore the king's court; the H,s courts* other is his county-court for civil causes, and this is the court of the sheriff himself.

The sheriff having a justice of the peace's warrant directed 2 Haw. 86. to him, shall execute the same; he need not go in person to Sheriff's duty, execute it, but may authorize another to do it.

On summons, he is bound to attend the sessions of the peace, 2, Haw. 41. there to return his precepts, to take the charge of the pri- To attend the foners, to receive fines for the king, and the like. moned *

It seems clear, that the sheriff is punishable by the justices 142.

in sessions, for defaults in executing their writs and precepts. Punishable for No sheriff shall exercise the office of a justice of the peace, nepleft. in any county wherein he is sheriff, and in such case, his acts M*r'JeJF- as a justice shall be void. _ _ justice. " *

If the gaoler suffer a felon voluntarily to escape, this, irtaf- , //. //. 597. much as it reacheth to life, is felony only in the gaoler, but Answerabie for die sheriff may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned. felon'seiespe.

Shire-Hall.

THE justices in sessions, on presentment of the grand-jury 9 G. 3. e. 2©.

at the assizes, of the ill (late and condition of the shire- Wh.onu? or' hall, or other building commonly used for holding the assizes, bcrc~

and the necessity of repairing the same, may order it to be repaired in such manner as they shall think fit, and the money to be levied as for other county rates.

If there be occasion for sudden repairs (which will not cod y more than 30I.), two justices, after having viewed the same. Two justices on an estimate having been made by able workmen of the ex- an emergency, pence thereof, may order it to be repaired, and the money to be levied as aforesaid, in like manner as if it had heen presented by a grand jury.

But where the same hath for timeout of mind been repaired la, at the expence of any particular places or persons; or any par- Who^to repair ticular places or persons are bound by law and ancient usage calj^ lcu ar to furnish the same with benches, tables, rails, ot other fixtures, they shall continue liable as before.

The

416

14 G. 3. r. 59. VemiUiort.

Shire-Hall.

The j a Rices, in their quarter-sessions, may direct the shire-hall or other court of juRice, within their jurisdiction, to be properly ventilated: The expences thereof to be paid out of the general county-rate.

Silks.

13 & 14 C. a*

C.15.

Silk thrower itjuft h»ve served fe»ea )eart.

9 (& 10 W. c 43.

Imported fillet.

Id.

Penalty on importing other than in London.

Counterfeit Teal or mark.

Id.

Search may be made.

Id.

Application of penalties.

3 G. 3. C. 41. &IG.Z.C. 4«. Importation of r.obaads*

NO person shall exercise the trade of a (ilk thrower, unless he hath served seven years apprenticeship ; on pain of 40s. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record, or at the assizes, or quarter-sessions of the peace.

No foreign silks, called alamodes or luteRrings, shall be imported, but in the port of London, on notice first given to the of of the customs, and licence had from them.

And if they be imported elsewhere, or without such notice and licence, and the duties paid, they shall be forfeited, or the value thereof, and be fold and exported again ; and the offender, and also the receiver and person offering to fell the same, shall forfeit 500I. — And the of shall cause them to be marked and sealed : And if any person shall counterfeit the custom-house seal, or seal of the loteftring company, he shall forfeit 500I. and be fetin the pillory two hours. Any person, who shall buy and sell, or have in his custody any alamodes or luteftrings, sealed or marked with a counterfeit seal or mark, shall forfeit the same and tool.

Any person authorized by a writ of assistance under the foal of the exchequer, or with a constable or other public officer, inhabiting near the place, with a warrant from a justice of the peace, and in the day-time, may enter any house, (hop, or other place, to search for and seize any alamodes or luteftrings imported contrary to this act, or not sealed or marked, or marked with a counterfeit mark or seal; and in case of refinance, may break open doors, chests, trunks, and other package ; and every justice shall grant such warrant to any credible person, making oath that he hath reason to suspect or believe, that there are some of the said silks so fraudulently imported or not sealed and marked, or sealed or marked with a counterfeit seal or mark in the place or places where he intends to search.

The said penalties shall be two-thirds to the king, and one third to him that shall seize or sue in any court of record.

If any person shall import any ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made in Great-Britain, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs; and the importer, vender, and retailer, in whose custody they shall be found, shall forfeit respectively 200I. with costs. Half the said pe-' Rallies

NEW'

Silks*

rial ties to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall inform and prosecute.

When the goods seized, (being out of the limits of the bills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of 20I. two justices, on information before them that such goods were seized as unduly imported, may hear and determine the same, and proceed to condemnation or discharge.

And after seizure, until condemnation or discharge, the said goods shall be deposited in one of the king's warehouses, if the seizure be within the bills of mortality; elsewhere, in the hands of the chief magistrate or constable: And the same shall be free to inspection, with leave of the court, judge, or j udices, before whom the prosecution shall be.

And after condemnation, the said goods shall be publicly sold by the candle for exportation ; half of the produce by such sale to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall seize and secure the same.

And on information in writing upon oath, before two justices, that there is good reason to suspect, that ribbands, laces, or girdles have been imported, and are in the possession of any retailer or feller of ribbands, &c. they may issue their warrant to the constable or other peace officer, impowering him to search, in the day-time, the houses, outhouses, and other places of such persons, and (if the same shall be found) to seize and carry away the same, and dispose thereof as is aforesaid.

If any person,in whose possession such goods shall be seized, shall discover upon oath before one justice the person who fold the same to him, so as he may be convicted as the feller thereof, such person shall be discharged of all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act on venders or retailers having such goods in their possession.

If any foreign manufactured silk stockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, shall be imported into this kingdom, or any part of the British dominions; the same shall be forfeited, and liable to be searched for and seized as other uncustomed goods; and every person who shall import the same, or be assisting therein, and the venders and retailers in whose custody they shall be found, or who shall sell or expose the same to sale, or conceal them with intent to prevent the forfeiture, shall, over and above the forfeiture of the goods, forfeit zool. with costs; half to the king, and half to the officer who shall inform and prosecute.

And when the goods seized (being out of the limits of the bills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of 20I. two justices may proceed to the condemnation thereof: And the proceedings, in all other respects, shall be in like manner as in the caie of ribbands and laces above-mentioned.

417

3 G. 3. e. 48.

Id.

Two justices may determine under aoi.

Id.

Where deposited in the mean time.

Id.

Sold when condemned.

Half to the king, half to the officer.

3 G. 3. e. 21. & 5 C. 3. c. 48.

Warrant to search.

Id.

Seller confided.

Offender discharged.

Id.

Silk stockings or gloves imported.

Id.

Two justices, if under 2ol.

Hhh

Slander,

OriginaKrom

418 Slander.

% Salk 698*

1 Keb. 931. Slander, when cognizable before justices. Id.

Not matters of prifAte flander.

WORDS which directly tend to a breach of the peace, as if one man challenge another, are cognizable before justices of the peace, for which the party may be bound to the good behaviour, and even indicted*

But if they do not tend directly to a breach of the king's peace, but are matters only of private flander between party and party, which no way affect the public administration of justice, justices of the peace have not any jurisdiction at all in such matters.

*6 G. 3. e. 71. Licence to be taken out.

CertiHcate to be brought.

Jd.

Copy of licence in clerk of peace's book.

Id.

Inscription on housea.

Id.

Notice toin-spe&or.

Slaughtering Horses.

FROM July 20, 1786, every person keeping a flataghtering house, shall take out a licence for that purpose, at the general quarter-sessions for the county, &c. wherein such slaughtering house shall be situate; upon a certificate, under the hands and seals of the minister and churchwardens, or overseers, or of the minister and two or more substantial householders of the parish wherein the persons applying for such licence shall dwell, that such persons are fit and proper to be trusted with the management and carrying on such business.

Every such licence shall be signed by the justices of the peace assembled at such general quarter*sessions, or by the major part of them; and a copy of every such licence shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the peace; and all persons shall have liberty, at all times (Sundays excepted), between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, to search the office of such clerk of the peace, and to make an extract or extracts from the same, paying for every such search the sum of sixpence.

Persons licensed shall affix to their houses the words Licensed for Jlaughtering horses, pursuant to an act passed in the twenty -fexth year of his Majesty King George the third.

Every occupier of such licensed slaughtering hoofe shall, (it hours previous to the killing of any horse, mare. Sec. or other cattle, which shall not be killed for the purpose of butcher's meat, and previous to the flaying any such cattle, brought dead to such slaughtering house, give notice in writing to a person to be appointed as inspector, to the intent that such inspector may, before such horse, or other cattle, shall be killed or flayed, take an exact account and description of the height, age, colour, and particular marks of such cattle, brought alive or dead for the purposes aforesaid ; and no such cattle shall be killed, or Hayed, but between the hours of Limited hours eight of the clock in the morning, and four of the clock in the for killing or evening, during the months of October, November, Decem-flaying cattle. ber, January, February, and March; and between the hours

of

i

1

Slaughtering Horses.

of fix of the clock in the morning and four of the clock in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every year.

Every person, so licensed, shall, at the time any horse, mare, &c. or any other cattle, shall be brought for the purpose of slaughtering, or flaying, make an entry in a book, to be kept for that purpose, in a fair legible hand, of the name, and place of abode, and profession, of the owner thereof, and also of the person who shall bring the same to be (laughtered, or flayed, and the reason or reasons why the same is brought to be killed, or flayed; which book shall at all times be open for the perusal and examination of the inspettor to be appointed under this act; and every such licensed person shall attend with such book before one justice of the peace for the county, &c. where such licensed slaughtering house shall be situate, when required, by warrant, under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace so to do, and shall likewise produce the same at every general quarter-sessions of the peace which shall be held in and for the said county.

The parishioners assembled in vestry shall appoint inspectors, who shall in person, or by his or their servant or servants, attend at the slaughtering house, and there take such account and description as herein-before directed ; and shall keep a book, and make an entry of every such account and description ; and shall, for every entry, receive of every person carrying on such business, sixpence.

The inspector's book may be searched from eight A. M. to five P. M. in the winter months, and from fix A. M. to eight P. M. in the summer, on paying sixpence.

Every inspector shall cause to be painted, over the door of his house, his name, and the words, Inspector of houses and places for slaughtering horses. If such inspector shall have reason to believe that any horse, mare. See. or other cattle, is or are free from disease, and in a found and serviceable date, or that the same has been stolen, or unlawfully come by, he shall have power to prohibit the slaughtering or killing of such cattle, for any time not exceeding the space of eight days; and in the mean time, shall cause an advertisement to be inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some public newspaper circulated in the county where such slaughtering house shall be situated, twice or oftener, unless the owner of such cattle shall sooner claim the same, or satisfactorily inform the said inspector that he sent or delivered, or caused the said horse, or other cattle, to be delivered for the purpose of being (laughtered or killed, the expence of inserting such advertisement to be paid by the occupier of such slaughtering house to such inspector: And in case such occupier of such slaughtering house shall refuse to defray or pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted on the oath of any such inspector as aforesaid, before any one justice of the peace for the county or district wherein such slaughtering house or place shall be situated, he, she, or they, shall for-

H h h 2 feit

419

26 G 3. c. 71.

Entry in a book.

Id.

Vestry to appoint inspectors.

How paid.

Inspe£or*s book searched.

Inscription on

inspector's

house.

Inspector'*

duty.

Expence of *4" verti foment.

420

>6 C. 3. C.71. by whom paid. Penalty on refilling.

Form of con-Tt&ion.

Id.

inspector's

authority.

Jd.

Account to be given to in-

speftor; '

If suspected to be stolen, how ' to act.

Slaughtering Horses.

feit double the amount of the charge of such advertisement or advertisements, to be raffed by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of any such justice as aforesaid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows:

A. B is convicted, on the oath of C. D. inspeClor of houses and places for slaughtering horses, for the parish of E. in the county of F. of refuseng to pay the Jum of being the

expence of an advertisement or advertisement s (as the case may be) inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some other public nevsfpaper circulated in the county (as the case may be) pursuant to the directions of the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of G. H.

Every inspector so appointed may, at all times, in the day or night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a con-rtable, go to, enter into, and inspect any house or place kept for slaughtering or killing horses by any person or persons licensed as aforesaid ; and also any liable, or other building, to fee if any horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, have been brought there, and to take an account thereof; and every person so licensed, shall permit any such inspector, to enter into and in-spedl such house or place, and to take such account as is here* in-before directed.

If any person or persons who shall offer to sale, or shall bring any horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, to any person or persons keeping such slaughtering house, to be killed, or being dead, to be flayed, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satis-fadlory account of the means by which the same came into his, or their possession; the person or persons keeping such slaughtering house, and also the said inspector or inspectors, may seize and detain such person or persons; and also every such horse, mare, &c. or other cattle, and deliver such person or persons, into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before a justice of the peace, where the offence shall be committed; and if such justice shall, upon examination, have cause to suspect that such horse, mare, See, or other cattle, is or hath been stolen or unlawfully obtained, such justice may commit such person or persons into safe custody, for any time not exceeding the space of six days, in order to be further examined ; and if, upon either of the said examinations, such justice shall be satisfied, that such horse, mare, &c- or other cattle, is or are stolen, or illegally obtained, the said justice is hereby authorized and required to commit the person or persons so bringing or offering the same to sale, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county. Scc. wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

If any person or persons shall, at any time from and after the twentieth day of July, 1786, (laughter any horse, mare, or

gelding,

NEW,Y


r

Slaughtering Horses. 421

gelding, &c. or other cattle, for any other purpose than for *6G*$*c.*7u butcher's meat, or shall flay dny such cattle, brought dead to .nera°^et such slaughtering house, without such licence, or without aa/how puJ giving such notice as aforesaid, or shall kill, or flay the same, nifbable. at any time other than within the hours herein-before limited, or shall not delay killing the same, according to the direction of such inspector, such person or persons being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, as the court shall di-red, or shall be transported beyond the seas for any time not exceeding seven years.

If any person or persons, keeping or using any such slaughtering house, shall throw into any lime-pit, or ru,b with Other offence* any corrosive matter, or destroy the hide or (kin of any horse, against this act. mare. See. or other cattle, by him, her, or them (laughtered, killed, or flayed, or shall be guilty of any offence against this act, for which no punishment or penalty is expressly provided or declared, such person or persons, being convicted thereof,

shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punishdl

by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by *

public or private whipping, as the court shall direct.

If any person or persons, so licensed, shall make any false False entries, entry in any book, by him, her, or them kept, he, she, or how punished. r they, being convicted thereof, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before any one justice of the peace for the county,

&c. wherein such slaughtering house shall be situated (which said oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to i, administer) shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, to be le-£ vied by distress and sale, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, one moiety to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or transmitted, by I the said justice, to the overseers of the poor, or one of them, for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offender or ( offenders shall reside ; and for want of distress, the said justice shall commit the offender to the house of correction, there to be confined to hard labour for any time not exceeding three I months, nor less than one month.

A conviction for any such offence, in the tenor or to the effect following, shall be good, to all intents and purposes:

To wit. \ BE it remembered, that on this day of

J in the year A. B. licensed yidtioa.

; for slaughtering horses, is convicted, upon the oaths of C. D. and

E. F. two credible witnesses, before me, G. H. one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of cf

! having wilfully made, or caused to be made [as the case may be] a false entry in the book required by the statute, in that case made and provided, to be kept by the said A. B, whereby he \_Jhet or they] has or have forfeited the sum of

Given

Go

422

a6 G. 3. c 71.

r 1

Inspector's books at the quarter-sessions.

Id.

Penalty on lending an unlicensed house.

Application of penalty*

Form of conviction*

Curriers, &x. e&empced.

Collar-makers aireoipung to

evade this act.

Slaughtering Horses.

Given under my hand and Jeal, the day and year

above written.

The inspector's books shall be produced at the quarter sessions for the county wherein any such licence shall be granted, and delivered to the justices of the peace at such general quarter-sessions.

If any person or persons shall occasionally lend any house, barn, liable, or other place, for the purpose of (laughtering or killing any horse, mare, Scc. or other cattle, which shall not be killed for butcher's meat, without taking out such licence, as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any jufliceof the peace for the county. See. wherein such person or persons shall reside, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, he, she, or they shall forfeit, upon conviction, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed ; and in case such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid ; the form of such conviction shall be as follows, or to the like effect:

To wit* ? remembered, that on this day of A. B.

was convified, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before me, C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of , for occasionally lending a house [or place,

as the case may be], for the purpose of jlaughtering horses [or, as the case may be, of Jlaughtering cattle for other purposes than for butcher's meat], without a licence for that purpose first obtained, according to the statute in that case made and provided'.

Given under my band and seal, the day and

year above written.

This act shall not extend to any currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, who shall kill any diflempered or aged horse, mare, gelding, &c. or other cattle, or purchase any dead horse, mare, gelding. Sec. or other cattle, for the bona fide purpose of felling, using, or curing the hide or hides thereof, in the ccurfe of their respective trades; nor to any farrier employed to kill aged and diflempered cattle, nor to any person or persons who shall kill any horse, mare, gelding, Sec. or other of their own or other cattle, to feed their own hounds or dogs, or to give away the fleih thereof for the like purposes.

If any collar-maker, currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, or farrier, or other person, shall, under colour of their respective trades or occupations, knowingly or willingly kill any found or useful horse, gelding, mare. Sec. or boil or otherwise cure the flesh thereof for the purpose of felling the same ; such collar maker, and other tradesman or person, shall be deemed and taken to be an offender within the meaning of

this

Slaughtering Horses. 423

this act, and shall, for every such offence, forfeit any lum not 26 C. 3. r. 71. exceeding twenty pounds, nor Jess than ten pounds.

Any justice of the peace before whom complaint shall be judges, how made for any offence against this act, may summon such per- toast. son or persons, other than the party or parties complained against, as he shall think proper, to give evidence touching any offence committed against this act ; and in case such person or persons shall wilfully refttfeor neglect to attend, or give pcHa!ty on reevidence touching such offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit fusing to give the sum of ten pounds, or stand committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid.

Any inhabitant of the parish where any offence against this inhabitant a aft shall be committed, shall, upon any complaint or hearing legal witociw before any justice or justices of the peace, or upon any trial or examination by virtue of this act, be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his or her contributing to any of the rates or dues to such parish; or being a poor person relieved or relievable by the said parish, and entitled as such to receive any benefit or interest from any penalty or penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the directions of this act.

If any person or persons shall be prosecuted for any thing General issue. done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead Treble coftn the general issue; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, treble costs shall be awarded against the plaintiffs.

Smuggling.

IF any vessel shall be found at anchor within the limits of 2^c. 3.ftf.z* any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the c. 47. coast, unless by distress of weather, having on board any Whac veflVl ani brandy or other spirituous liquors in a cask containing less than 60 gallons, except only for the use of seamen, after the rate of two gallons for each, or having on board any wine in calks, such ship being less than sixty tons burthen, or having on board 61b. of tea, or 2olb. of coffee, or any prohibited goods, such vessel, with its cargo, shall be forfeited.

If any person, after October 1, 1784, whether on shore, or jjm at sea, shall maliciously shoot at any ship belonging to his Ma- Attack on any jesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, within yeffej or officer the limits of any port, or within four leagues of the coast ; or ,n kln6's fc|-shall maliciously shoot at, maim, or dangerously wound any vice* officer of the navy, customs, or excise, in the execution of his duty, he shall suffer death as a felon.

If any person be charged with an offence, made felony by ^ this act, before one or more justices of the peace, or before one offender, ho*

of dealc vrkh.

424

Smuggling.

i

*4 G 3 fejf. i.

47.

Penalty on harbouring him*

Id.

May be tried In due course of Jaw.

Id.

Penalty on ob-ftruding officers in their duty*

Justices may proceed by I9 G. 3. c. 69.

Id.

What bail to be demanded.

Id.

Horses, boats, and goods forfeited.

of the justices of king's-bench, if in England ; or if in Scht* land, before one of the lords of judiciary, by the oath of one or more credible person or persons, such justice or judge shall certify and return such information to one of the principal fe-cretaries of date, to be laid before his Majesty in council ; who may order the offender to surrender himself within 40 days to such judge, or justice, &c. who shall commit him, without bail or mainprize, to the county gaol: And if such offender shall not surrender himself, he shall suffer death as a felon.

Any person harbouring such offender, after the time appointed for the surrender, shall, if prosecuted within a year, and convicted, be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

Any judge or justice may apprehend such offenders by the ordinary course of law ; and if they shall be taken and secured, before the time appointed for their surrender shall be expired, no further proceeding shall be had on the order of council, but they shall be brought to trial by due course of law.

Any person obstructing officers of the navy, customs, or excise, in the execution of their duty, by day or night, may be carried before a justice, who shall, if he fees cause, commit such person to the county gaol, there to remain till the next gaol delivery, and until such person shall be delivered by due course of law; and on conviction, such offender shall be sentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable river in England, for any term not exceeding three years; or he may be ordered by such court to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for three years. The justice may, if he thinks fit, proceed against persons charged with obstructing officers, if it shall appear that the offence falls within the provisions of 19 G. 3. c. 69, according to that act, and commit such offenders to the county gaol, till the next quarter-sessions of the peace.

If any persons shall, by virtue of this act, be arrested and taken before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, for any offence against this act, deemed a misdemeanour, such shall not be bailed, without entering into recognizance for their appearance, with two sureties, themselves in 200I. and the said sureties in iool. each.

All horses, boats, cattle, or carriages, used in removing or conveying customable goods, are liable to forfeiture, and the seizures may be examined into, adjudged, and determined by and before any two neighbouring justices of the peace.

Soldiers*

L

BR/

Friendly Societies.

425

u.

Rules to be (Igned by the clerk of the peace, and deposited with him

BY this act, any number of persons iriay form themselves 33 G* 3. c. 54.

into a society, and raise among themselves a fund for their mutual benefit, and may make rules and impoie fines and forfeitures upon such of the members as shall offend against such rules, orders, or regulations, as shall be just and necessary; and may also, from time to time, alter and amend such rules.

Orders, and regulations, as occasion shall require, or annul and repeal the same, and make new rules, orders, and regulations, in lieu thereof, under such rdlriftions as are in this act contained.

The rules of such societies are to be exhibited to the justices in quarter-sessions, or at any adjournment thereof, who may annul or confirm them. All such rules, orders, and regulations, so confirmed, shall be signed by the clerk of the peace at such sessions, and a duplicate thereof, being first fairly written on parchment, shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace at such sessions, to be by him filed with the rolls of the sessions there, without any fee to be paid for any matter or thing relating to the same, and shall be binding upon all parties. No society, already established, shall be deemed or taken to be within the meaning of this act, unless the rules for the government of the same shall be confirmed and filed at some time before or immediately next after the feast of St. Michael, in the year 1794.

No rule, order, or regulation, confirmed by the justices of the peace, shall be altered, rescinded, or repealed, unless at a general meeting of the members of such society, in pursuance of a requisition for that purpose, by three or more of the members of such society, and publicly read at the two usual meetings of such society to be held next before such general meeting, for the purpose of such alteration or repeal, unless a committee of such members shall have been nominated for that purpose; and unless such alteration or repeal shall be made with the concurrence and approbation of three-fourths of the members, or by the like proportion of such committee, such alterations of rules shall be subject to the review of the quarter-sessions. And no such rule, order, or regulation*

shall be binding, until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the justices, and filed as aforesaid.

Every such society shall and may, from time to time, at any of their general meetings, or by their committee, if any Society rray ap-such shall be appointed for that society, elect and appoint such point officers* persons into the office of steward, president, warden, treasurer, or trustee of such society as they shall think proper, and also such clerks and other officers as shall be deemed necessary to carry into execution the purposes of such institution ; and from time to time may elect and appoint others in the room of those who shall vacate or die ; such officers shall become bound, with two sufficient sureties, for the just and faithful execution

1 i i of

7/.

No confirmed rule to be altered but at a general meeting of the focietj* Sec.

426 Friendly Societies,

33 G. 3.*. 54<

Treasurers or trustees to give bond to the clerk of the peacej

and other persons to the trra fur era or truf. tees.

Bonds not chargeable with ftltnp duty*

Appointment of committees*

Committee* controulable by society.

Treasurers or trustees to lay out surplus of contributions.

and to bring the proceeds to account for the use of the society.

of such office or trust, in such penal sum or sums of money a; by the major part of such society, at any such meeting as aforesaid, shall be thought expedient, and to the satisfaction of such society; and every such bond' or bonds to be given by or on behalf of such treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, shall be given uy the clerk of the peace where such society shall be established, without fee or reward ; and in case of forfeit-ore, it shall be lawful to sue upon such bond in the name of Che clerk of the peace for the time being, for the use of the said society; and every such bond or bonds to be given by any other person or persons appointed to any such' office or trust as aforesaid, shall be given to the treasurers or trustees as aforesaid, for the use of such society to which such officer or officers shall belong; and no bond or other security to be given to or on account of any such society, or in pursuance of this act, shall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatever.

Every such society shall and may elect and appoint any n'umber of the members of such society, not less than eleven^ to be a committee, and shall and may delegate to such committee all or any of the powers given by this act to be executed. Powers of (landing committees shall be declared in the rules of the society, confirmed by the justices of the peace at their sessions, and filed in the manner herein-beforedirested ; where a committee shall be appointed for any particular purpose, the powers delegated to such committee shall be reduced into writing ; five of the members of such committee, at Jeaft, shall at all times be necessary to concur in any act of such committee ; and all acts and orders of such committee shall have the like force and effect as the acts and orders of such society could or might have had in pursuance of this act. The tran-factions of the committee shall be at all times subject and liable to the review and controul of such society.

The treasurers or trustees for the time being, of any such society, are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, by and with the consent of such society, to lay out or dispose of such part of all such sums of money as shall at any time be collected, or paid to and for the benefit of such society, as the exigencies of such society shall not call for, either on private securities, to be approved of as aforesaid, such securities to be taken in the name of such treasurer or trustee, or to invest the same in the public stocksr in the proper name or names of such treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, and from time to time, with such consent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such securities and funds, and to make sale thereof respectively.

All the dividends, interest, and proceeds, which shall from time to time arise from the monies so laid out or in veiled as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be brought to account by such treasurer, and shall be applied to and for the use of such society.

The

i

2

fi

S

fi

s

i

a

3

t

i

t

C

t

i

i

i

-NE

Go

1

Friendly Societies.

427

The treasurer, or trustee or trustees, for the time being, and 33 G» 3* f* 54* all other officers of any such society, who shall have or receive ^ender ac &C* any part of the monies, effects, or funds of such society, or counts,"and"pay shall in any manner have been or shall be entrusted with the over balances, management of the same, his, her, and their executors, ad- &c. rainistrators, and assigns respectively, shall, upon demand made, in pursuance of any order by such society or committee, give in his or their account or accounts, at a general meeting, or to such committee; and shall, on the like demand, pay over all the monies remaining in his or their hands, and assign and transfer, or deliver all securities, or funds taken or Handing in ihis or their name or names, to the treasurer or trustee, for the time being, or such person or persons as such iociety shall appoint ; and in case of neglect, application may be made to the court of chancery, or the court of exchequer in England, or the court of.fession fit Scotland or the courts of great sessions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary way, and make such order therein, as to such court, in their discretion, shall seem just.

No fee shall be taken for any proceedings in such courts, jjt for any matter or thing done.in such court in pursuance of this No fee to the acte ; it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, the court.

Mailer of the Rolls, and Barons of the Exchequer respectively, e in England, or the lords of.fession in Scotland, .or the judges of any of the courts ofgreat sessions in .Wales, to assign counsel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of such court to Counsel, fee. by ad vile and carry on such petition on the behalf of such society, whom ap-i vwho are hereby respectively required to do their duties therein pointed, t without fee or reward ; and no such proceedings in such court,

in pursuance of this act, shall be chargeable with any stamp No stamps ne-> duty. ceflary.

If any person, appointed to any office by any such society, Execut0„ &c#

|t and being entrusted with or having in his hands or poflession to pay money any monies or effects belonging to such society, or any fecu- doe to.focleties r rities relating to the same, shall die, or become a bankrupt, or t>e<r°rc anT other insolvent, his executors or administrators, assignee or assignees, debt*' shall, within forty days after demand made by the order of any l such society, or the major part of them assembled at any meet-r; ing thereof, deliver over all things belonging to such society, to such person or persons as such society shall appoint; and r shall pay, oat of the assets or effects of such person, all furas of r ^oney remaining due, before any of his other debts are paid or satisfied.

All monies, and other effects belonging to such society, Effect* of so-shall be vested in the treasurers or trustees lor the time being, cictics to be for the use and benefit of such society, and from and after their ,n the 1 death or removal, shall vest in the succeeding treasurers or ^ecTfo^the trustees, without any assign men t or transfer whatever; and t*,me being, who shall, in every such proceeding (where ne.cessary) be dated to may bring and be the property of the person or persons appointed to the of- defend *aioni,

I i i 2 fice &c*

428

jj c. j. t. 54.

Societies to declare the pur-pifeof their etUblifhmeot, See. before the confirmation of their rules by the quarter-felloes.

and to irfli& penalty for mif-»p plication of n.ooey.

The consent ne-ee^ary for diT-folutioa of so-eieiict.

Stock not di-v'fible but for the general ptur-pofei of the society,

Friendly Societies.

fice of treasurer or trustee (as the case may be) of such society for the time being, in his, her, or their proper name or names. And such person or persons so appointed shall and may, in all cases concerning the property of such society, sue and be faed, plead and be impleaded, in his or their proper name or names, without other description; and no suit shall be discontinuedor abate by the death or removal of such person or persons from the said office of treasurer or trustee, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding treasurer or trustee, in the proper name or names of the person or persons commencing the same.

Every such society so to be established as aforesaid, before any of the rules, orders, or regulations thereof shall be confirmed by the justices in the manner herein before directed, shall, in or by one or more of the general rules, orders, or regulations to be confirmed by such justitos, declare all and every the intents and purposes for which such society is intended to be established ; and shall also direct all the uses and purposes to which the money, which shall from time to time be subscribed or paid, shall be appropriated and applied, and in what shares and proportions, and under what circnmftan-ces, any member of such society, or other person, shall or may become entitled to the same, or any part thereof. And all such rules, orders, or regulations, during the continuance of the same, shall be complied with and enforced ; and the monies so subscribed or paid shall not be diverted or xnifap-plied, either by the treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, or any other officer or officers of such society entrusted therewith, under such penalty or forfeiture as such society shall by any general rule, order, or regulation, impose and inflidl for such offence. It shall not be lawful for any such society, by pny rule, order, or regulation, at any general meeting or otherwise, to dissolve or determine such society, so long as the intereils or purposes declared by such society, or any of them, remain to be carried into effect, without the consent and approbation of five sixths of the then existing members of such society, and also of all persons then receiving, or entitled to jeceive, relief from such society, either on account of sickness, age, or infirmity, to be testified under their hands, individually and respectively ; nor shall it be lawful for such society, by any rule, order, or regulation, to diredfc the division or distribution of such stock or fund, or any part thereof, to or amongst the several members of such society, other than for carrying into effect the general intents and purposes of such society declared by them, and confirmed by the justices of the peace as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, but all such rules, orders, or regulations for the diiTolu- i tion or determination of any such society, without such con-fenr as aforesaid, or for the distribution or division of the stock I*

or

NEWJ

a

Friendly Societies.

429

or fund of such society, contrary to the rules, orders, and re- 33 3* 54-

gulations which shall have been confirmed by the said justices at their sessions, and filed in pursuance of this act, shall be void and of none effect.

All the rules, orders, and regulations, from time to time Rules to be unmade by such society, in the manner directed by this act, shall tered ,n ^°.ok» be forthwith entered in a book or books to be kept by one or ev^nce^c!11 more of the members of such society, and shall be signed by *

the said members, and shall at all seasonable times be open for the inspection of any member of such society : Such rules and orders shall be received in evidence before any court; and no certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any of the rules and orders of any such society, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster. Any such societies may receive donations applicable to the general purposes of such society, in the like manner as the contributions of the several members.

Where members think themselves aggrieved, two or more /</. justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or shire, where or near unto the place where such society shall be established, on complaint made upon oath or affirmation by or on the behalf of such person (which oath or affirmation such justices of the peace are hereby empowered and required to administer), may issue their summons to the presidents, wardens,

(lewards, or other principal officers of such society, by what, ever name such principal officers shall be respectively named, or one of them, in cale such complaint shall be made against such society collectively; and in case such complaint shall be made against: any person or persons appointed to such office or offices, they may then summon such person or persons to appear before such justices at a convenient time and place, to be respectively named in such summons; and also may summon at the same time and place, if there shall be occasion, all such persons as shall appear to such justices to have the custody of the rules, orders, and regulations of such society ; and such justices, at the time and place named in such summons, whether the person or persons so summoned shall or shall not appear according to such summons, nevertheless, on proof upon oath or affirmation of such summons being duly served, or left at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, shall proceed peremptorily to hear and determine, in a summary way, the matter of such complaint, according to the true purport and meaning of the rules, orders, and regulations of such society, confirmed by the justices according to the directions of this act, and shall make such order therein as to them shall seem just ; and every such order of such justices shall be complied with, an3 shall be final to all intents and purposes, and shall not be subject to appeal, or to be removed or removeable into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

Where

430 Friendly Societies,

33 C. 3. t. 54.

No Member of a society, producing a ceit>* fic.te thereof, to be remove-able till actualI7 chargeable to the parish.

AA

How certificates are to be authenticated.

M.

fte.tlement

tfttkr.eia

Where the general rules direct disputes to be settled by arbitration, the award of the arbitrators shall be final, without appeal, or being subjedk to the controul of two or more justices of the peace, in the manner herein-before prescribed.

No member of any society, to be established in pursuance of this act, who shall inhabit or reside in any parish, town-, ship, or place, not having a legal Settlement there, or who shall come to inhabit or reside .there, and shall deliver to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish, town-ship, or place, or to any or either of them, a certificate, under the hands of the stewards, presidents, wardens. Or treasurers of such society, or any two of them, for the time being, to be attested by one or more credible witness or witnesses, thereby acknowledging the person mentioned in such certificate to be a member of such society, shall, during the time such person shall continue to be such a member thereof, be removeable from any parish, township, or place where any such certificate hath been delivered as aforesaid, to the place of his or her lad legal Settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the Settlement of the poor, until itich person shall become actually chargeable to such parish, township, or place, or forced to alk relief for himself or herself, or for his or her family.

Every certificate shall express the place and places.of abode respectively of the persons iigning and attesting the same ; and one of the witnesses attesting the same shall make oath before a justice of the peace of the county, or place where such society shall be established (which oath such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to administer), that such witness did fee the persons whose names are thereunto set, severally sign the said certificate, and that the name or names of such witness or witnesses is or are of his or their own proper hand-writing ; which said justice of the peace shall also certify that such oath was made before him ; and every such certificate so made, and oath of the execution thereof so certified by the said justice of the peace, shall be taken, deemed, and allowed in all courts whatsoever, as duly and fully proved, and shall be taken and received as evidence., without other proof thereof.*

Justices may declare, by an order in writing, the place of settlement of persons so examined, without issuing warrant for removal. A duplicate of every such order shall be transmitted to the general quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden next after the expiration of twenty days from the time of making hereof, for the county, riding, division, or shire, where such person shall so reside, to be filed amongst the records of the said court; and a copy of every such order, to be attested by one or more credible witness or witnesses, or a duplicate thereof.! together with an attested copy of such examination to be

annexed

L

D D

Friendly Societies.

annexed- to such copy or order, or duplicate thereof, shall be delivered' to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, in which the person mentioned in such order shal-1* be adjudged to be last legally settled as aforesaid, or to any or either of them, at lead fifteen days before the first day of holding such sessions; and upon due proof to be made on oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the justices of the peace at such sessions, of the delivery of such copy, or duplicate, with fuchexamination annexed thereto as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace at fuchfeflrons, and they are hereby required to direct every such order to be filed amongst the records of the said court ; and every such order so filed shall be final and conclusive in ascertaining and determining the place of the last legal settlement of the person or persons named in such order, unless the same shall be appealed against within the time herein-after mentioned.

All persons, who shall think themselves aggrieved by any ftrch adjudication of the said justices, may appeal to the general q uarter-sessions of the peace to be holden next after the expiration of fifteen days from the time of the delivery of such copy or duplicate as aforesaid ; and the justices at such sessions shall and may receive such appeal, and proceed to hear and determine the merits of such appeal, as if the person or persons mentioned in such order, had been, by warrant of two justices, actually removed to the place where ho, she, or they were last legally settled, by virtue of any law in being, before and at the time of the making of this a6fc, and may award the like eofts on such appeal as may be awarded on appeals from- orders of removals of poor persons by any statute or statutes now in force, to be recovered in like manner as costs awarded under the authority of such statute or statutes.

No member of any such society, who shall reside in any parish, town ship, or place, under and by virtue of this act, shall have or be deemed to* have acquired any settlement in such pa^ ri(h, township, or place, by delivery and publication of any notice in writing, unless the same shall be made after such person shall cease to be a member of such society, and after the revocation of his or her certificate herein-before mentioned.

No member of any such society, who shall reside as aforesaid, under the authority of this act, and shall be taxed, rated, orafleded towards any of the rates, taxes, or levies of the parish, township, or place, where such member shall so reside', and shall duly pay the same, shall be deemed or taken thereby to have any legal settlement in such parish, town Grip, cr place.

No person, who shall be an apprentice, bound by indenture to, or shall be a hired servant to or with any person who did come into or shall reside in any parish, township, or place,

under

43*

JJC. 3. r. 54.

Copies, of such orders and of examinations to? be returned to the parish officers oi the place of settle-meat,

Persons aggrieved by adjudication of justices, may appeal to che quarter. CefiionOy Scc.

No person wha (ha 1 reside in

any parish fender this act

shall thereby acquire a feithe-meat j

nor for paying rates;

nor any apprentice or (rt varu !* such persons

432

33 G.j. e. 54.

Bafttrth to hive the mother'* fculement.

Charges of ir.aintaioing or removing refi-eients und;r this act to be reim-borfed by the parish to which the parties belong.

Public act*

Friendly Societies#

9 i j

undef the authority of this act, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, township, or place, shall gain, or be adjudged to have, any settlement in such pari (h, township, or place, by reason of such apprenticeship or binding, or by reason of such hiring or serving therein ; but all such apprentices and servants shall have their settlements in such parish, township, or place, as if they had not been bound, or had not been hired to such personas aforesaid.

Every child, which shall be born a bastard in any parish, township, or place, during the mother's residence therein, under the authority of this act, shall have and be deemed to have the same settlement which the mother has, or is entitled unto at the time of the birth of such child, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

When any overseer or overseers of the poor of any parish, township, or place, shall have been put to any charge in the maintaining any person or persons, or their families, residing in such parish, township, or place, under the authority of this act, or in removing any person or persons back to the place to which he, she, or they shall belong, after he, she, or they shall have become actually chargeable, or asked relief as aforesaid, such overseers shall, from time to time, be reimbursed such reasonable charges by the overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, to which such person or persons shall belong, the said charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near the place where such charges shall be incurred; to be levied, in case of refusal of payment, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such overseers of the poor as last aforesaid, by warrant or warrants, under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices, returning the overplus, if any there be ; which warrant or warrants he or they is and are hereby required to grant.

This act shall be deemed a public act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

. ' ? . . j . . . . . :

Soldiers,

LjOvQie

Soldiers.

433

Enlisting.

TT7HEN any person shall be enlisted, he shall, in four i G. 3. r. 6.

W days, but not sooner than 24 hours, be carried before ?Hcru,V0 go the nextjustice, or chief magistrate of a town corporate (not g^te! CnU* being an officer in the army), and before him shall be at liberty to declare his dissent to such enlisting ; and on such declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and paying 20s. for the charges expended on him, he shall be forthwith discharged, in presence of such magistrate : If he declare that he voluntarily enlisted himself, the justice or chief magistrate Justice to cer. shall forthwith certify under his hand, that such person is duly tify* enlisted, setting forth the place of his birth, age, and calling (if k nown), and that the second and sixth sections of the ar-! tides ofwaragainst mutiny and desertion were read to him, and that he has taken the oath mentioned in the articles of war; and if any person so certified as duly enlisted, shall re- Penalty on refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before such magistrate, fusing to uke the officer from whom he hath received such money, may de-tain and confine him till he shall take it.

Which said second and sixth sections of the articles of war are these:

4

SEC T. II.

Act. 1. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall presume to use Using tralterou§

traiterous or disrespectful words against our royal person, or or d'frefpe£ful

i' any of our royal family, if a commissioned officer, he shall be words against ; cashiered; if a non-commissioned officer or soldier, he shall fuf- te ,ng> fer such punishmentas shall be inflicted upon him by the feri-tence of a court-martial.

Art. 2. Any officer or soldier who shall behave himself with Behaving with

t contempt or difrefpe£t towards the general, or other com- contempt to-

mander in chief of our forces, or shall speak words tending to &c.gC" his hurt or dishonour, shall be punished according to the nature of his offence, by the judgment of a court-martial.

Art. 3. Any officer or soldier, who shall begin, excite. Exciting fedl-cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition, in the regiment, tion, or jomuig troop, or company, to which he belongs, or in any other re- n lC* giment, troop, or company, of either our land or marine forces, or in any party, poll, detachment, or guard, on any pretence whatsoever, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted*

Art. 4. Any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, who, being present at any mutiny or sedition, does not use his utmost endeavour to suppress the same, or coming to the know- muCi^,Up£>lC 8 ledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, does not, without

Kkk delay.

434

i G. 3. c. 6. Striking his officer.

Di (obeying orders*

Soldiers.

delay, give Information thereof to his commaading officer, shall be punished by a court-martial with death, or otherwise, according to the nature of the offence.

Art. 5. Any officer or soldier who shall (hike his superior officer, or draw, or offer to draw, or shall lift up any weapon, or offer any violence against him, being in the execution of his office, on any pretence whatsoever, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall, according to {he nature of his offence, be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

Desertion.

Absence with* out leave.

Entitling in another regiment.

Perfuaoing ethers to desert

Soldier's oath.

Refusing to go before the !W3gistrate.

SECT VI.

Art* 14 All officers and soldiers, who, having received pay, or having been dyly enlisted in our service, shall be convicted of having deserted the same, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall, by a court-martial, be inflicted.

Art. 2. Any non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall, without leave from his commanding officer, absent himfePf from his troop or company, or from any detachment with which he shall be commanded, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be punished according to the nature of his offence, at the discretion of a court-martial.

Art. 3. No non-commissioned officer or soldier shall enlist himself in any other regiment, troop, or company, without a regular discharge from the regiment, troop* or company, in which he last served, on the penalty of being reputed a deserter, and fuffexing accordingly. And in case any officer shall knowingly receive and entertain such non-commissioned officer or soldier, or shall not, after his being discovered to be a deserter, immediately confine him, and give notice thereof to the corps in which he last served, he the said officer so offending shall, by a court-martial, be cashiered.

Art. 4. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall be convicted of having advised or persuaded any other officer or soldier to desert our service, shall suffer such punishment as shall be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

And the oath mentioned in the said articles of war, is as follows:

1 fuoear to be true to our sovereign lord king George, and to serve him honestly and faithfully, in defence of his person, crown, and dignity, against all his enemies or opposers whatsoever ; And to oh-serve and obey his Majesty's orders, and the orders of the generals and officers Jet over me by his Majesty.

But if any person shall receive the enlisting money, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such magistrate, in order to declare his assent or dissent, he shall be deemed to be enlisted, and maybe proceeded against, as if he had taken the said oath before such magistrate.

Muster*


NE;W YORK PUBLrC LIE f

Soldiers*

Mutter.

V.

NO mutter roll shall be allowed, unless signed by the mayor or other officer: But if such mayor or officer shall not attend, or refuse to sign such mutter roll, without giving sufficient reason for such his refusal, then the committary may proceed to mutter, and such mutter roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid, provided that oath be made before a justice in 48 hours after such mutter; and the said mutter roll shall be then produced, and examined by the said justice, who shall sign the same, if there appear to be no sufficient objection to it.

In Westminster and Southwark, no mutter shall be made, but in presence of two justices (not being officers of the army), vnlefs the justices, on 48 hours notice to fix of them, neglect to attend.

And the committary or mutter matter shall make oath (for which no fee shall be taken) before the mayor or chief magis-.trate attending the mutter, if such mayor or chief magistrate be a justice of the peace, or otherwise before a justice in the following form: I A. B. do swear, that I saw, at the time

of making the within mutter, such men or horses as are borne, and not respited, on the mutter roll, for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates are not indorsed on the back' of the roll, certifying their being absent from the mutter, by reason of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or by being sick, in prison, on furlough, or at grass, or by a signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company."

Which oath the said committary shall insert and subscribe on the back of the mutter roll transmitted by him into the office of the committary general of the mutters.

If any person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself to be falsely muttered, on proof thereof by oath of two witnesses, before the next justice, and on certificate thereof under the hand of the committary, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, he shall be committed to the house of correction for ten days; and if any person shall wittingly furnish a horse to be muttered, he shall be forfeited to the informer, if he shall belong to the person furnishing the same ; otherwise the offender shall forfeit to the informer 20I. on oath by two witnesses, before the next justice, by distrel's ; and if he shall have no sufficient distress, or shall not pay in four days after conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol for three months, or be publicly whipped, at the discretion of the justice; and the informer, if a soldier, shall be discharged, if he demands it.

For provision of carriages for the forces in their march, or for their arms, cloaths, and accoutrements, any justice of the

Kkk 2 peace.

by

435

A

IG. 3. r. 6.

Muster roll, when allowed,

How made In Westminster and Southwark*

Commissioner's

oath*

To be subscribe d.

I

Person falsely mustered.

Furnishing a horse to be muttered.

How punched*

Carnages fur-niffied.

436

X (7* j» 6*

Pay is. per mile*

or gd. with fewer cattle*

Not compellable

beyond one day's journey.

Weight limited.

Constable's ne-gleft to provide ^ carriages*

Soldiers.

peace, being duly required thereunto, by any order from his Majesty, or the general of his forces, or the master-general, or lieutenant-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall on such order being brought and shewn unto him, by the quarter-xnaf-ter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, troop, or company ordered to march, issue out his warrant to the constable or petty constablea of the division, liberty, hundred, or pre-cintt from, through, near, or to which such forces shall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said warrant; allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden : And if sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precinct, then the next justice or justices of the county, riding, or division, shall, on such order as aforesaid so brought or shewn to him, issue his warrant to the constables or petty constables of such next county, riding, division, or precinct, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency.

And the officer, who, by virtue of the said warrant, is to demand the carriages of the constable to whom itisdiredted, shall at the same time pay down to him in hand for the use of the persons who shall provide such carriages and men, the sum of is. for every mile any waggon with five horses shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel; and 9d. for every mile any cart with four horses, shall travel; and so in proportion for less carriages ; for which the constable shall give a receipt.

And if any military officer shall force any carriage to travel more than one day's journey, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home; or shall suffer any soldier or servant, except such as are sick, or any woman, to ride in such carriage ; or shall force any constable, by threatnings, to provide faddle horses for themselves or servants ; or shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants, or soldiers, he shall forfeit 5I. proof thereof being made on oath before two justices, who shall certify the same to the paymaster-ge-neral, or other paymaster of the forces, who shall pay the same, according to the order of the said justices under their hands and seals, who shall deduct the same out of the officers'

pay.

And no waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall be obliged to carry above twenty hundred weight.

And if any high or petty constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants for providing carriages, or if any person appointed by such constable to furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse and neglect to provide the same ; or any other person shall wilfully hinder the execution thereof; he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; the same to

NEW

Soldiers.

be heard and determined by two justices dwelling in or near the place, who shall cause the penalty to be levied by distress.

The treasurer of the county shall, without fee, pay unto such constable all reasonable sums by him laid out for carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring such carriages, out of the public flock, according to such rates and orders as the justices in sessions shall direct, which orders shall be made without fee; regard being had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the ways; and if the public flock be not sufficient, the justices in sessions may raise money as for gaols and bridges.

No toll or duty shall be demanded or taken for any horses belonging to officers or soldiers upon their march, or upon duty ; or for any horses, cattle, or carriages employed in carrying the arms or baggage of any such officers or soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled officers or soldiers; and no carriages so employed shall be subject to be weighed at any engine, nor the owner or driver liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight than is allowed by law to be conveyed in such carriage.

The constables, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and other places, and in their default orabfence, anyone justice inhabiting in or near such place , and no other, shall and may quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, and all houses fel-lingbrandy, strong water, cyder, &c. by retail, and no other; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than by this act, or shall offer any menace or compulsion to deter and discourage any civil officer from doing his duty, he shall, on conviction before any two of the next justices, by the oath of two witnesses, be ipso fatto cashiered and disabled to hold any military employment; provided the conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial. And if any person shall be aggrieved by having morefoldiers billeted than in proportion to his neighbours, on complaint thereof to one justice, or if the person so billeting them be a justice, then on complaint to two justices, they may relieve him.

No justice, having any military command, shall be concerned in quartering soldiers under his immediate command, but all things done by him therein shall be void.

If any constable, or other officer, shall neglect his duty in billeting, for the space of two hours, provided sufficient notice hath been given before, of the arrival of the forces ; or shall take any reward to excuse any person ; or if any person liable shall refuse to receive any soldiers, or to furnish them as required by this act, and be thereof convicted, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit

437

i G, 3. c. 6.

Constable re-imbursed h.s expences.

r8 Cr. 3 c. 63. No toll payable*

No carriage so employed 10 be weighed.

1 G. 3. e. 6. Who may billet soldiers.

I

No menace or compul&on*

Complaint, if aggrieved, to a justice.

Id.

What justice may not quarter.

Id.

Billet in two hours*

Penalty on refuting torccenr.

438

1 G. 3* ft 6.

M.

Officer receiving bilJet.

Id.

Wives and children not quartered with-out consent.

Id.

Account of billet to be delivered*

Id.

Lifts of houses liable to be billeted.

Id.

Officer or soldier amenable to the magi ft rate*

19 C.2. r. 21*

Carting and swearing, how punished in a soldier.

Soldiers.

feit 5!. (or any sum not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.) by distress, by warrant of such justice, to be directed to any other constable, or to any overseer of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell, for the use of the poor of the said pa*, rish.

If any officer shall take any money of any person, for ex-cufing the quartering of soldiers, he shall be cashiered and incapacitated.

If any officer, military or civil, shall quarter any of the wives, children, men, or maid-servants of officer or soldier, in any house against the consent of the owner, if he is an officer of the army, he shall, on proof made thereof to the commander in chief of the army, or judge-advocate, be ipso fa3o cashiered; and if a constable, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party grieved 20s. on proof thereof to the next justice, by distress.

Any justice, by his warrant, may command any constable or other officer, to give an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers billeted by them, and also of the names of the persons on whom they are billeted, with the street or place where they dwell, and the signs, if any; that it may appear where they are quartered, the better to prevent abuses in billeting of them.

In Westminster, the petty constables shall deliver lifts on oath at every quarter-sessions, of the houses and personi obliged to receive soldiers quartered, and the number billeted in each house; the lifts to remain with the clerk of the peace, to be inspected without fee : Constables making default, shall forfeit 5I. to the poor by distress, by warrant of one justice; for want of distress, to be imprisoned not more than three months, nor less than one.

If any officer or soldier shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of the king's subjects, the commanding officer shall use his utmost endeavour to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate ; and shall also be aiding to the officers of justice, in ieizing and apprehending him, in order to bring him to trial; on pain, on conviction before two justices, by the oaths of two witnesses, of being ipso fafio cashiered and disabled ; provided the conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial.

Soldiers convicted of profane cursing or swearing, and not paying the penalty, shall not be committed to the house of correction as other offenders, but shall be put in the flocks for one hour, for every fmgle offence ; and for any number of offences, of which they shall be convicted at one and the same time, two houss.

Deferring*

1

Soldiers.

439

<5

j:

ti

S

i*

w.

Caution to constable*

Jd.

Deferring.

THE con liable may take up any person re*&>na|)jy fafm , <7. 3. r. 6. spedled to be a deserter, and carry him before a juu~e jn or Suspeaed de-near the place, who shall examine such suspected person ; ferter, how dealt if, by his confession, or the oath of one witness, or the know- with, ledge of such justice, he shall be found to be a deserter, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the county gaol, or house of correction (or the Savoy in London), and transmit an account thereof to the secretary at war; and the keeper of such gaol or house of correction shall receive the subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance while he shall be in custody, but shall not be intitled to any fee for his imprisonment.

But no officer may break open any house to search for deserters, without a justice's warrant, on pain of 20!.

The justice, before whom he is brought, shall issue his warrant to the collector of the land-tax, of the parish or township Warrant to where such desertfcr shall be apprehended, for paying out of whom issued the land-tax money by him collected or to be collected, into for reward, the hands of him who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, such deserter, the sum of 20s.; the same to be allowed on his account.

If any person shall knowingly harbour or assist any deserter, he shall forfeit 5I. ; and if any person shall knowingly buy or exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, cloaths, or furniture belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or change the colour thereof, he shall forfeit 5I. ; and on conviction by the oath of one witness, before one justice, the said penalties shall be levied by distress; half the first penalty to be to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended ; and half the last penalty to the informer ; and half of both, to the officer to whom the deserter did belong ; and if such person have not sufficient, or shall not pay the penalty in four days, the justice shall commit him to gaol for three months, or cause him to be publicly whipped.

No law gives, nor ever did give to justices a power to prolong a soldier's furlough. In case of sickness, or other unavoidable accident, it may be useful for a justice to certify up- iough on the back of the furlough such necessity, specially setting forth the same ; to prevent his being apprehended as a deserter, or punished at his return.

If any non-commissioned officer or soldier shall have wife, child, or children, two justices may summon him where he is Soldier with quartered, to make oath of the place of his last legal settle- family may be ment. Who shall obey such summons, and make oath accord- sworn toh,s ingly. And the justices shall give an attested copy of such af- fctt,cmenU fdavit, to be delivered to the commanding officer, to be produced when required. Which attested copy shall be admitted

at

Jd.

Deserter harboured or assisted.

Justice cannot prolong a fur-

1 G. 3. e. 6*

I i.

44<>

21 G. 2. e. 44*

Soldiers, &r.

re not remove-able till actually chargeable*

May not be sued for setting Up trades.

Allowance to dragoons*

24 G. I* fejf.l* c. 6.

Former privilege confirmed.

Soldiers*

at any time in evidepce as tb such settlement, before any justices, or at any felons; and if he be summoned again to make any such oath a' aforesaid, such attested copy of the former oath being produced, he shall not be obliged to take any further oary^5 to his settlement; but QiaU, if required, leaves con.^ of such attested copy of his former examination.

Setting up trades after their discharge*

ALL such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, who have served since the 29th day of November, 1748, and not deserted, and also their wives and children, may set up and exercise such trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place within Great Britain or Ireland (except Cambridge and Oxford), without any molestation by reason of the using such trade; nor shall they, or their wives or children, during the time they shall exercise such trades, be removable from such place to their last legal place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, I until they (h^ll become actually chargeable; and if they shall be sued for exercising such trade, they shall have double costs. Two justices may cause such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, to be summoned before them, in order to make oath of the place of their last legal settlement; and the justices shall give an attested copy of such affidavit to the person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required.

In regiments of dragoons, the captains are allowed 9d« per day for each horse, one halfpenny of which goes to the farrier, the other for forage. In quarters, the men oblige the landlords to furnifti them with any quantity of hay or draw they shall think proper to make use of, there being no restraint by act of parliament; on the contrary, if the landlord refuse their demands, however extravagant, they are liable to pay five pounds for such default.

The second troop of horse grenadier guards allow 141b. of hay per day, and 41b. of draw, for each horse.

In camp, the allowance for each horse is 131b. of hay. The general and his fuite are allowed 61b. of draw per day for each horse.

By this act, all such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, as have been employed in the king's service since April 1, 1763, and have not since deserted, and also the wives and children of such, are authorized to set up and exercise trades in any part of Great Britain; and shall not be liable to be

This is inserted, not as intended to lay down the law, in a case for which no proper provision seems to have been made* but as a rule, by which the magistrate'3 judgment may be directed, when the matter comes, as it often does, before him,

removed

Soldiers.

4 4i

Id.

The same act to extend to militia.

Id.

Vintner in uni-

xerficies excepted.

removed from thence to their last legal place of settlement, 24 G. s-fjh* until they become actually chargeable to the parish.

Any two or more justices may summon such persons to make to make

oath of the place of their last legal settlement, and they are oath of settle-required to obey fuchsummons; an attested copy of which af- ment.

Adavit Qiall be delivered to the person making the same ; which attested copy shall at any time be admitted as evidence of such legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justices, at any general or quarter-sessions of the peace. A copy of such attested copy of the examination shall be left, if required.

This act shall extend to all officers and soldiers drawn by ballot, and having personally served in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, for three years from the said first of April, and been honourably discharged.

This act shall not empower any one to set up the trade of a vintner, or to fell wine or other liquors within either of the Universities, without licence from the Vice-chancellor.

Doubts and disputes having arifex, in cpnfequenre of publicans Jbutting up their fables, that no horses may be quartered upon them, it it proper to dir eft the attention of such publicans to tfye following clause:

Section XXXII. When any of his Majesty's horse or dra- 28 G. 3. e. 12. goons shall be quartered or billetted upon the owner or owners Allowance from of any alehouse, victualling house, or other house in which officers or soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this act, who dV1£ e>" have no stables, then, and in such case, and upon complaint made by the person or persons having no stables, to two or more justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such horse or dragoons shall be so quartered and billet-ted, and upon his or their making such allowance in lieu of his quartering such horse or dragoons, as such justices shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to order the men and their horses to be removed, npd quartered upon some other person or persons who by this att are liable to have officers and folcjier? quartered and billet ted upon them, wl?o have stables, and to order and settle a proper allowance to be made by the person or persons having no stables, in lieu of his quartering fuyh horse or dragoons, so to be removed as aforesaid ; and also to order and direct, that such allowance shall be paid by th? person or persons from whom such men and horses shall be removed, to or amongst the person or persons to whom such men and their horses shall be so removed as aforesaid, or be applied in the furnishing of quarters for the reception of such men and their horses, as the case may require, and as such justices shall think (it.

LII

And

442

1 % G. % . C. 12.

Publican re* lufing to receive or also*.

I

Penalty.

form of con* vision.

I

Soldiers.

r

And also this Clause.

§ LXVIII. In case any victualler, or other person liable by this act to have any officer or soldier billetted or quartered on. him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such officer or soldier so quartered or billetted upon him or her; or shall refuse to furniffi or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things directed to be furnished or allowed to non-commissioned officers or soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her ; or shall neglect or refuse to furniffi good and sufficient hay or draw for each horse so quartered or billetted on him or her, at the rates* fixed in this act, and shall be thereof convicted, before one or more joftice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to admioider), every such person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 5I. or not less than 40s; to be levied, by didrefs and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant of such judice or justices, to be directed to any condable, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; to be applied, in making such satisfaction to any soldier for the expence he may have been put to, as such judice or justices shall order and direct ; the remainder to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of the said parish.

In case any persons shall be convicted of any offences under this act, the following shall be the form of cpnviction:

\ I

Middlesex. BE it remembered, that on the day of <

in the year of our Lord at

in the county aforesaid, A. B. came before us C. D. and E. F. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, and informed us, upon oath, that G. H of on the

day of now laji past* at

in the said county, did [here set forth the fast in the manner described in the datute] ; whereupon the said G. H. pfter being

Commission officer of horse, under the rank of captain, for t diet and small brer, per diem, - - 2S.

Ditto of dragoons, ditto, for ditto, - - is.

Ditto of foot, ditto, for ditto, - - is.

Officer's horse, for hay and straw per diem, - 6d.

Light horseman's diet and small beer, 6d. His horse, - 6d.

Dragoons, ditto, 6d. His horse, - - - 6 i.

foot soldiers' diet and fipali beer, per diem » - 4^d.

duly

1

NEWY0EKPU5WC SI '1 {fmmutim ~ ii

Soldiers*

duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before us, the said justices, on day of at

in in the said county ±

and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared that he was not guilty of the said offence ; but the same being fully proved upon the oath of I. K. a credible witness, it ma-nifefttly appears to us the said justices, that be the said G. H. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the taid information, It is therefore considered and adjudged by us, the saidjustices, that he the said G. H. be convicted; and we do hereby convitt him of the offence aforesaid; and we do hereby declare and adjudge, that the said G. H. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as tie law diretts, according to the statute in that case made and provided Given, &c»

Spirituous Liquors*

a

COMMISSIONERS of excise, &c. shall return to the persons licensed to retail spirits since passing the act, 27 G. 3, c. 30, and who shall not have ale-licences on July 5, 1788, the monies paid under that act, since their ale-licences expired.

Stage-Coaches.

BY this a fifor limiting the number of persons to be carried on the outside offt age coaches or other carriages, it is enacted, that from and after November 1, 1788, only fix passengers shall ride or go upon the roof, and two, besides the driver, upon the box, of any stage coach, or other carriage travelling for hire, on pain that every driver so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by confession, the view of a justice of the peace, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting in and fol*the county, city, divihon, or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), shall, for every outside passenger, over and above the number herein allowed, forfeit the sum of 40s.; and in case the driver so offending shall also be the owner of such coach. Sec. then the sum of 4I.; and in default of payment, the person so offending, shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, thereto reitiain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid.

L 11 2 If

443

28 Gi 3. c. it.

28 6. 3. c 37* Monies returnable to retailers.

28 G» 3. c. 57* How many out passengers.

Driver offending.

How punisherf, I f owner, double.

444

as G. 3. e 57. Owner pumft-able, if driver not to be found.

Peace officer 'refuting to alt.

Application of penal ties*

Form of proceedings.

Summons*

Stage-Coaches.

If the driver of any coach. See. travelling with a greater number than is allowed by this act, cannot be found, or shall not attend in pursuance of any summons, requiring his appearance before a justice of the peace, upon a complaint and information laid against him, then the owner or proprietor of such coach. See. shall be liable to the penalty hereby laid upon such driver.

If any constable, or other peace-officer, shall refuse or ne-gledt to execute any warrant granted by any justice of the peace, pursuant to the directions of this act* every such person so offending, and being convicted thereof before one or more justice or justices, by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 40s; and if the person so convicted doth not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said penalty, such justice or justices of the peace may commit such person to the common gaol, or house of correction, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

All penalties by this act imposed shall be paid, one half to 9he informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the highways, to be laid out in the amendment or repair of the public roads or highways within such parish or place, where the offence shall be committed.

The form of proceedings set forth in the following schedule, shall be used on all occasions.

SUMMONS for any person or persons to attend a justice*

Middlesex.

s

To A. B. of

Whereas complaint and information hath been made upon oath, before me, C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, Sec. by E. F. of j That,

£Here (late the nature and circumstances of the case, as far as it shall be necessary to shew the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the justice: and in doing that, follow the i words of the act as near as may be] These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me at

in the said county. Scc. on the day of at the hour

of in the noon, to answer to the said

complaint and information made by the said E. F. who is likewise dire tied to be then and there present to make good the same. Here-in fail not.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of

one thousand seven hundred

INFORMATION.

s .arm g y

/ _

Stage-Coaches;

445

INFORMATION.

Middlesex. BE it remembered, that on the day of one thousand/even hundred

A. B. of in the said county, informeth and

maketh oath before me, one of his Majesty's juf-

tices of the peace for the said county, that of

in the said county,

(Here describe the offence particularly, and follow the words of the act as near as may be] contrary to the statute made in the 2 % thyear of the reign of King George the third, or [Here insert the title of the act] which hath imposed a forfeiture of for the said offence*

Taken and sworn the day of

before me,

C. D.

iS G. 3. e. 57*

FORM OF CONVICTION.

Middlesex. BE it remembered, that, on the day of in the year of our Lord one thousand/even

hundred at in the county of

aforesaid, A. B. came before me, C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, 1$ c. and informed me, that C E. F* of on the day of

now last past, at in the said county, did

[Here set forth the fast in the manner described by the act] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer to the said charge, appeared before me on the

day of at in the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared that he was not guilty of the said offence ; but the same being k /#//y proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness, it malt tiifejlly appears to me, the said justice, that he the said E. F. is jg. of offence charged upon him in the said information : It

is, therefore, confedered and adjudged by me, the saidjujlice, that t he the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict him of the

t offence aforesaid; and 1 do hereby declare and adjudge, that he

the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

1 money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law direBs, according to the form of the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day of

one thousand seven hundred

The following to beinferted where the party refuses to appear upon the summons;

After

Stage-Coachei.

i d 1

% % G. 3. c. 57. After the words, tf being duly summoned to answer to the said €t charge" insert (did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons) or said neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved, &c.) as before.

The following to be inserted when the party accused confesses

the charge:

After the words, " contained in the said information" insert (acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it mauifejlly appears to me the saidjujtice, &c.J as above-

Stage-Coach Act amended*

30 G. 3. c. 36. Number of out passengers.

Penalty to be paid at the gates.

Contrivance to defraud.

Hew punched.

n

FROM September 29, 1790, if the driver of any coach* chaise, or other carriage of the like fort, drawn by three or more horses, and going or travelling for hire, shall permit or suffer more than one person on the coach-box, besides himself, and four persons on the roof 5 and if drawn by less than three horses, more than one person on the coach-box, and three persons on the roof (except the driver of such coach, &c. drawn by less than three horses, which shall not go or travel a greater distance than twenty-five miles from the post-office, in the city of London, who shall not carry more than one person on the coach-box, and four persons on the roof, at one and the same time), to go or be conveyed by any such coach, chaise, or carriage respectively; every such driver shall pay to the collector of the tolls, at every turnpike gate through which such carriage shall pass, the sum of five shillings for each and every person above the number so limited; which every such collector is hereby authorized to a(k, demand, and receive; and if any such passenger or passengers, beyojid the number so limited as aforesaid, shall be set down, or taken up, whereby the said payment of the said sum of five shillings may be evaded, the driver of such carriage so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by his own confession, the view of a justice, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting in and for the county, division, or place, where such offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), shall, for every such offence, be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the county, division, or place, where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than fourteen days, at the discretion of the justice or jailices, by or before whom such offender shall be convicted.

The

Original frotn

UBR

Stage-Coach Act. 447

The said sum of five shillings for each and every passenger, 30 G. 3.*. 36. beyond the nupiber allowed to be conveyed, shall be collected, Penalty allowed levied, and recovered, as the turnpike tolls at the gate where as tilcu>Ut-such payment by this act is directed to be made, are, by the ^ft for repairing such road, authorized to be collected, levied, and recovered.

From September 29, 1790, are to be painted on the outside NamC80fpro. of each door of every stage-coach, except mail-coaches, in prietors on car-large and legible characters, the Christian and surname of the liagcsfor hire, proprietor, or of one of the proprietors of such coach or other carriage: And in the case of there being more than one proprietor of such coach or other carriage, and any one of them shall reside within the cities of London or Westminster, or the limits of the bills of mortality, then, and in such case, the name of such last-mentioned proprietor shall be the name to be put upon such carriage, as above directed.

If the coachman, or person having the care of any stage- Coachman's poach, or other such carriage, shall permit or suffer any other negligence, person to drive the same, without the consent of the passengers, or shall quit the box, without reasonable occasion, or for a longer (pace of time, than such occasion may require, or shall, by furiously driving, or by any negligence or misconduct, overturn the carriage, or in any manner endanger the persons or property of the passengers, or the property of the owners or proprietors of such carriage, every such coachman so offend, ing shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

If any person travelling as a guard to any stage-coach, or Guard'* fine* other such carriage, shall fire off the arms he is entrusted with, off in towns, cither while the coach or carriage is going on the road, or &c. going through, or Handing in any town, otherwise than for the defence of such coach, or other carriage, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

The penalties by the former act inflated on peace-officers refusing or neglecting to execute warrants granted by justices of the peace, pursuant to the directions of the said act [fee a ‘e page 444.] shall extend to, and be in (lifted on, all peace-officers, who shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrants to be granted in pursuance of this act; and the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall be levied, recovered, and applied in the same manner, as by the former act is directed ; and the forms of proceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act, shall be the same as those contained in the schedule to the said act, and shall be used on all occasions, with such additions or variations only, as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular circumstances of the case.

This act shall be deemed a public act, and shall be jadi - acts.

daily taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Stamps.

Original frdm |

448

16 G, i. r. i6. Undamped almanacks.

30 G. ft. c. 19* Penalties as before.

23 G. 3. r. 49.

24 G. 3. c. 7. What drafts exempted.

23 G. 3. e.40.

Receipts in full exemptions.

24 G. 3. c. 7.

*3 G. 3* 49*

Frauds, how punished.

24 G. 3. c. 7. Penalty an not u&ig damps.

. Witnesses not appearing.

JA.

Sum paid for damping afterwards.

3-m G. 3. c aS. & *3 €? 3*

‘ 58.

Legacy receipts.

\ /.

Stamps,

IF any person shall carry about, or expose to sale, any almanack not stamped according to law, any justice of the peace may, upon conviction, commit such offender to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months. And persons seizing and carrying such offender before a justice of the peace, are entitled to a reward of 20s. to be paid by the receiver general of the stamp duties.

The same penalties are appointed, and the same reward is offered for apprehending offenders against this act, as by the former of 16 G. 2, c. 26.

Bills of exchange, promissory or other notes, drafts, or orders, under 50I. are to have a (lamp of 6d.; if 50I. or upwards, a (lamp of is. Not to extend to drafts or orders for payment of money on demand to bearer, drawn upon bankers living within 10 miles of the drawer, nor to drafts or notes under 40s.

Receipts for 2I. and under 20I. a 2d. (lamp; for 20I. and upwards, and also all expressed in full of all demands, a 4d. one.* But not to extend to receipts by seamen or soldiers for wages or pensions, nor to those for the purchase money in any public fund, or the dividends thereof, nor to those for drawbacks, or bounties on exportation, &c.

The whole (urn to be inserted in a receipt, and where the giver or receiver acts otherwise, or separate? the sum into divers receipts, or is guilty of any fraudulent device, with intent to defraud the duties on receipts, he forfeits 20I.

Penalty dn drawing a draft, or writing a receipt on unstampt paper, 5I. to be recovered in a summary way before a magistrate, by distress and sale, and in default of distress, the offender to be committed for three months. An appeal given to the sections. And a discretionary power to the magistrate to mitigate to a moiety of the penalty.

A penalty of 40s. to be levied as above, is inflicted on persons summoned as witnesses that shall neglect to appear, or appearing refuse to be examined. The penalties to be applied, one moiety for the use of his Majesty, the other moiety to the informer.

No bill, note, or receipt, to be stamped after written or iigned, unless on payment of 10I.

Receipt for a legacy or distributive share of an intestate's personal estate, the amount whereof shall not exceed 20I. shall be by the (irft of these acts on a (lamp of zs. 68. to which, by the last aft, an additional duty of 2s. 6d. (lamp is imposed ; where the amount is above 20I. and under 100I. the first aft requires a (lamp of 5s. to which, by the last aft, an additional 5s. (lamp is imposed. And where the amount is 100I. and upwards, the first aft requires a (lamp of 20s. to which the last act for the first hundred adds another 20s. stamp, and an additional 20s. for every other hundred.

By a subsequent act, 6d. fee p, 450.

Oft

Origirval from

NE\ft YORK PUBLIC LIBRAFj

Stamps.

449

Drafts payable on demand*

If otherwise than on demand*

On any bond given as fecarity for any sum of money by *3^- j. c. 67. former acts, 5s. By this act, if above iool. an additional duty Bonds# of 5s. and if 500I. or upwards, an additional duty of 10s. is imposed.

N. B. The additional duties, that is, those imposed by the act of 23 G. 3. do not extend to legacies or ihares of personal estate, where the persons to whom such legacies are given, or shares coming, (land in the relation of wives, children, or grand-children, to the testator or intestate.

From August 1, 1791, the 23 G. III. r. 49, is repealed; 31(7.3;*. 25. and the following stamp duties are to be paid;

For every draft payable on demand.

For 40s. and not above 5I. 5s. three-pence.

Above 5I. 5s. and not above 30I. six-pence.

Above 30I. and not above 50I. nine-pence.

Above 50I. and not above iool. one shilling.

Above iool. and not above 200I. is. 6d.

The same duties are also to be paid for notes payable to the Notes payable bearer on demand, and re-ilfuable from time to time; when to bearer on first issued, a duty of 6d. shall be paid for every note for 40s. demand, if repayable to the bearer on demand, and not above 5I. 5s. re-if- 1 ua e# fuable where first issued, or at any other place; and a duty of is. on every such note above 5I. 5s. and not exceeding 30I.

A duty of 6d. shall be paid for every draft for 40s. and not above 30I. payable otherwise than on demand:

Of 9d. above 30I. and not above 501.

Of is. above 50I. and not above iool.

Of is. 6d. above iool and not above 200I.

Of 2S. for every draft or note payable on demand, or otherwise, where the sum exceeds 200I.

All these duties are payable by the drawer signing such bills, payal)je^y

notes, &c. ^ ^ drawer.

A duty of 6d. for every foreign bill drawn in sets, not exceeding iool.

Of 9d, for every such bill exceeding iool. and not above 20oi.

Of is. for every such bill exceeding 200I.

Every bill of each set being chargeable with the like duty, according to the rate above-mentioned.

Orders on bankers, within 10 miles, payable to bearer, are exempt from duty as heretofore.

Persons drawing bills, &c. contrary to this act, are to be j*cmp made answerable for the duty. And persons re-issuing at any penal:y on nonplace, other than the place of issuing, or refusing or neglecting compliance, to cancel notes, after any payment thereof by any persons other than the persons drawing or signing the same, shall forfeit 20I.

Persons signing, accepting, or paying undamped bills of exchange, promissory notes, drafts, &e. except as before excep- Aac*enptinJh°[ ted, shall forfeit 20I. pena'ltj."

M m m Persons

Sets of bills.

Wfeat drafts

45°

3i C. 3. e. 15. S«amp by oer-fjo requiring it

Legacy receipts, tec. exempt from this duty.

Notes, Arc. above 40s. considered as re* ceipts.

Receipt in full. Undamped receipt?, no discharge. Penalty on giver.

When rtot damped before, what to be done.

Booki with damps allowed.

Application of penalties.

Neighbouring justice to de> termine.

Stamps,

Power of appeal.

Penalty mitigated.

The duty of* 2d. shall be paid by the perfern requiring it for every receipt for 40s. and under 20I.

Of 4d. for 20I. and under 50I.

Of 6d. for $ol. and upwards.

Receipts for legacies duly stamped according tQ the directions of other acts, are exempted; also receipts given by the treasurer of the navy, army-agents, officers, soldiers, and seamen, or their representatives, (lock-receipts in any of the public funds, and receipts indorsed on any bill of exchange, &c. duly stamped.

All notes, memorandums, &c. on the payment of 40s. or upwards, shall be construed to be receipts, within the true intent of this act, and shall be liable to the duties imposed thereon.

Every receipt in full shall be liable to a duty of 6d.; and no undamped receipt for any sum of 40s. and upwards, shall be available in law.

Persons signing receipts for 40s. and upwards, undamped, shall be liable to a penalty of 40s. if the sum shall amount to less than 20I.; to a penalty of 5I. if the sum shall amount to 20I. and be less than 50I.; and to a penalty of 10I. if the sum shall amount to 50I. and upwards.

All paper liable by this act to any (lamp duty, mud be damped before it be written upon ; if not, it may be brought to the officer, and ft&nped within 14 days, on payment of 40s.; after that time, within one calendar month, on the payment of 5I. over and above the duty payable by this act; in which case, the parties offending are pot liable to any penalty.

The of of (lamps may signify their allowance of books to be used in public offices. &c. for taking receipts.

One moiety of all pecuniary penalties, if sued for within three calendar months, shall go to his Majesty; the other moiety, with full cods of salt, to the persons informing or suing for the same in due time.

Any judice of the peace, redding near the place where the offence was committed, may hear and determine the offence; he may summon the party accused within three months, and also witnesses on either side ; and by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may give judgment, and levy the penalty by distress on the offender's goods, to be sold, if not redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any ; or, for want of distress, may commit the offender to prison for three calendar months, unless the penalty be sooner paid.

Persons aggrieved, on giving security, may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions, that shall happen after 14 days next after such conviction.

The justice may mitigate the penalties to a moiety, allowing reasonable costs and charges over and above such mitigation.

If

NEW YORft PU

Stamps.

451

If any witness summoned shall, without just cause, neglect r refuse to attend, he or she shall forfeit the sum of 40s.

Penalties not prosecuted for within the limited time, shall be recoverable only in the name of the attorney.general in England, or advocate in Scotland ; and the whole penalty in such cases shall go to his Majesty; and be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the stamp duties; out of which the of may pay one moiety, after deducing thereout the charges incurred in recovering the same, to the informers.

Persons who shall counterfeit or forge any (lamp, shall be adjudged, if convicted, guilty of felony, and shall suffer death.

31 G. 3. c. 25. Witness r«-fusing.

Limitation of tirtfe.

Forgery of stamp ieiuny.

Stamp duty on the registry of marriages, burials, births, and christenings.

UPON the entry of any burial, iparriage, birth, orchristen- 23 G. 3. c. 67. ing, in the register of any parish, precind, or place in Great What (um paid. Britain, a stamp duty of 3d. shall be paid, except in the case e*‘

of a pauper. p

N. B. The penalty on the parson, vicar, or curate, &c. for Paper damped, making any such entry on unllampt paper, or parchment, is uniefsojii-5I. But there is a proviso, that an entry may be made without conce4# any (lamps where a licence is granted for the purpose by three of of the stamp duty, or their officer; so as the party having the custody of the register, shall produce it at all times to the of or their officers, and as often as required pay to the receiver general of the duties, &c. all sums which, according to the true meaning of the ait, ought to be paid in respect of such entry. D

All prosecutions for recovery of the duties granted by, as jj also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed offences against against this act, shall be heard and determined by any justice this act heard of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeiture byonejuftite. shall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quar- Power of appeal, ter-sessions, and their judgment therein shall be final: And every such justice is hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, to l'ummon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusal or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of (ad ; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary con-session of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment thereupon, and to issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender ; and to cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

M m m 2 But

Stamps.

Bat it shall and may be lawful to and for the said julUee, where he shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture or penalty as he shall think fit, so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the cods.

All forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person and persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

By this act, that of 23 G. 3. c, 67, is extended to his Majesty's protestant subjects dissenting from the church of England, as well to those who use infant baptism as to such as do not use it; all whole registers shall be liable to the stamp duties imposed by the former act.

Stamp Duties on Wills, &c.

FROM Aug. I, 1789, the following additional duties are required to be paid on probates of wills, &c.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any ellate of or above the value of 300I. over and above all other rates and duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an additional duty of 20s. where 600I. or upwards, an addition of il. 10s.; — where 1000b and upwards, an addition of 2b 10s.; — where 2000b and upwards, an addition of 3I. 10s. ; — and where 5000b and upwards, an addition of 5I. Le ac - elDts. For evei7 rec^P1 for a legacy* or for a share of a personal s c ,p ' estate divided under theilatuteof diilributions, to the amount of 400b an additional (lamp duty of 20s. ; and for every further sum of iool. a like additional damp duty of 20s. jA % This act is not to extend to the wills of sailors or soldiers

Exception. (lain or dying in his Majesty's service; nor to legacies to the wife, children, or grand-children of the testator.

Duties, by These duties are to be tender the management of the com-

whom managed, missioners of (lamps.

One damp for ^ne ^amP may provided to denote the former and the

b^th duties. present duties.

Stam ed before ^ vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties ingrowing. hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for (lamping; and the said of, or their officers, shall forthwith, upon demand, (lamp any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, the persons bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being.

4 52

23 G % 3. c> 6j» Mi igation of penalty.

Application of penalties.

*5 G 3* e* 75* Duty payable by diflenteis.

29 G. 3. c. 51.

Probates of wills, how charged.

Stamp Duties on Wills, See.

being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act.

And the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, and in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is allowed.

Stamps may be altered and renewed ; and all persons who shall have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with any damp or mark before the same shall have been so altered or renewed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law, relating to (lamps, is directed.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge, or use any seal, (lamp, or mark, to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or succes-lors, of any of the above duties; or shall fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any (lamp duty, with such counterfeit (lamp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All powers of any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, not hereby altered, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed.

The several duties are to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp duties, and carried to the consolidated fund.

If any person shall be sued, molelled, or prosecuted, for any thing done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his defence ; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, then such defendant shall have treble costs against such plaintiff.

Stamps on Callicoes, Muslins, &c.

UPON oath made by any credible person or persons, that there is reason to suspect or believe that French printed, ffained, painted or dyed callico, muslin, &c. for which any duty of excile ought to have been paid, is in the possession of any draper or other person dealing therein, or of any person, for sale, without being duly stamped, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, within the bills of mortality, or any two justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, to issue their warrants, requiring any officer or officers of excise (with the assistance of a constable, or other officer of the peace), in the day time, to search for the same, and to open doors, trunks, cheds, and packages, artd to seize such goods, together with the packages containing the same,

diti

453

29 C* 3. e. 51.

Allowance for prefene payment.

1

Stamps altered and renewed.

Forging of (lamps felony.

Former aflsin force.

Duties, to whom paid.

General

may be pleaded.

27 C. 3. e, ^t. Searcn warrant by twoju(t>c<sf for undamped mu(l<n6, &c.

454

On Callicoes, Mullins,

27 G. 3. c. 31* same, and to carry away the same, in order that the same may be lawfully condemned, and every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

If undamped callicoes, &c. be found in anyplace, except shipt for exportation, they are forfeited, and also icol.

Penalty, if found.

Starch and Soap,

*4 3 S(IT %

C.48.

Notice to be given on altering the plice.

Id.

Penalty on house un-en-tered.

Id.

Duty of excise officers.

Penalty on offenders.

U.

Inscription on outer door.

Id.

On every package.

Id.

Dealer punishable for ic-ceiving.

Id.

Obrtru£ling

officer.

Soap officers power of -entry.

u-

Fraudulent conveyance.

T)Y this act, from Sept. 20, 1784, no darch-maker shall 13 erefl, alter, enlarge, or make use of any place for making, drying, or keeping (larch, or the materials for making it, without giving notice at the office for the duty on (larch, next to the place where it shall be made: Every person neglecting or refusing to do this, shall forfeit, for every such offence, 200I.

Any person knowingly affiding in making darch in un-en-tered houses, shall forfeit 30I.

The officers of excise, and all persons afling in their aid, may dop, arred, and detain such offender as above, and convey him to one or more judice or justices, who, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may convict the offender ; and if the said sum of 30I. be not immediately paid into the hands of the officer before the judice or justices, he or they shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for six months, or till the said sum of 30I. be paid and discharged : And in case of a second offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit 60I. or be committed for one year, or till the said sum of 60I. be paid.

The outward dcor of every darch house is to have the chridian and surname of the maker inscribed in letters three inches long, on pain of forfeiting tool.

The word starch shall be legibly marked on every package when any quantity exceeding z81b. shall be removed by land or by water, on pain of forfeiting thereof, with the cattle and carriages, &c.

Any dealer receiving more than 281b. of darch not marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit 200I.

A ny darch- maker obstructing the officers for the duties upon darch, in executing their office, shall forfeit 100I.

Soap officers may, by day or night (by the authority of the same a ft), without waiting for the presence of a condable or peace officer, be permitted, on requed, to enter any place for making soap, and take an account of the same, and of all materials for making it; and they shall remain in such place or places as they shall think fit.

No soap-maker shall have any conveyance from or to any copper or pan, except one moveable pump, nor any ccck or hole, except for the ileam, on the side or curb, Scc. of his boiler or copper, on pain of forfeiting 500I.

The

f Original frepn LIBR

Starch and Soap. 455

y . ' '

The cover and furnace door, &c. are to be kept locked by *4 3Af-

the officer, except when at work : — Locks and keys are to be p'u*ace locke(1 provided by the surveyors, Sec. at the expence of the makers: r

And any person clandestinely opening any copper, pan, or utensil, or damaging such fattening, shall forfeit tool.

If any soap-makers shall obstruct the officers of excise, they Jd. shall forfeit 50!.' Obstruaing

Any officer of excise may take an account, as often as he °^cer#

shall think proper, of all materials for making soap in the Account taken maker's pottession. of materials.

Soap-makers to provide feales, &c. and to affitt the officer U. in weighing. See. on penalty of 20I. *,es pr0V1(lc<*‘

Makers of soap are to give proper notice to the officer be- j^Jtice to fore they charge their copper; i. e. 12 hours within the head gi»en to the office of excise in London ; and in any other place, 24. hours officer, before the time of charging, on pain of forfeiting Fool.

No hard soap, after the commencement of this act, shall be Id. fold but in the (hape of cakes or bars, on penalty of iool. Soap only in

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, "kes* shall be recovered and applied as other penalties recovered and Application of levied by any laws of excise : One moiety to be paid to his penalties. Majesty, and the other to him that shall inform, discover, or

sue for the same.

Stolen Goods.

ANY one justice of the peace, upon complaint made be- 21 g. 3. c. 5$.

fore him upon oath, that there is reason to suspect that Search warrant, stolen goods are knowingly concealed in any dwelling-house,

Outhouse, garden, &c. by warrant under his hand and seal, may cause every such place or places to be searched in the daytime; and the person or persons knowingly concealing the said stolen goods, or any part thereof, or in whose cuttody the same, or any part thereof, shall be found, he, she, or they, Receiverj how being privy thereto, shall be deemed and held guilty of a mif- punched, demeanour, and shall and may be brought before a justice of the peace for the county, city. See. and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be punishable by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court shall think fit.

And every constable, headborough. Scc. and every beadle jd. within his ward, and every watchman, during such time only Constableand as he is on his duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to be w«tchmanT*

duty*

N. B If the goods stolen and received are lead, iron, copper, brafo. bell~ metal, or folder, the buyers or receivers thereof rruft be earned before two or more justices of the peace, and are punishable by transportation for 14 years, by *9 G. 2. c 30.

Note also — That buying such goods at a very low price, is interpreted to be, kn living them to be stolen,

apprehended.

Co glc

4 56

ax G, 3. t. 58.

it O. 3. e. 38. If offered to fade or pawn*

U.

Felon di (covering two or more receivers, pardoned*

Burn, <vol % tv. f. 256. in some cases, directed by statute.

In others dif-cicLionary.

Stolen Goods.

apprehended, all and every person and persons, wh6 may be reasonably suspected of having, or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any time after sun-setting, and before iun-rising, any goods or chattels suspected to be stolen, and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, shall and may convey or carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, &c. to be dealt with according to law ; and such person and persons, so carrying or conveying such goods or chattels, knowing the same to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by due course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a misdemeanour, and, on conviction as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

And every person, to whom any goods or chattels, which have been feloniously stolen or taken, shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is hereby empowered and required (there being reasonable cause to fuf-sped that such goods or chattels were stolen) to apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice of the peace for the county, city, town-corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the same goods and chattels shall be so brought or offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered (having it in his or her power so to do), the person and persons bringing or offering the same.

And if any person or persons, being out of custody or in custody, if under the age of 15 years, upon any charge of felony within benefit of clergy, shall have committed any felony, and shall afterwards discover two or more persons who shall have bought or received any goods or chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken, knowing the same to be stolen, so that two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, she, or they, so discovering, shall have, and be entitled to, the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies by him or her committed at any time or times before such dif« covery.

Summons.

IN all legal proceedings, the person complained of ought to have notice of the charge laid against him, and to have an opportunity of being heard in his own defence. Consequently, where a person is accused before the justices, they ought to summon the party to appear, or ifi'ue their warrant to bring him before them. The manner of convening the parties is sometimes directed by the acts of parliament creating the ref-pedive offences; which therefore ought to be pursued accordingly, in other cases, where it is left discretionary in the justices.

1


Summons*

457

tices, it fe£meth moil agreeable to the mildness of our laws to Bum, vtl, iv, put the party to no more inconvenience than needs mud ; and P* 256-therefore, where the^afe will bear it, a summons* seems more apposite than a compulsory process. But in cases of sureties of When a warrant the peace, petty larcenies, and other felonies, and generally moftproper, where the king is party, and also in cases between party and party, where the body of the offender is liable, a warrant is the Regular process, and not a summons.

Surety for the Peace*

0

i

i

i

it

i

i

SURETY for the peace is the acknowledging a recognizance jyajtt Ct T2g# or bond, to the king, taken by a competent judge of re- Surety&ip def-cord, for the keepingf the peace. And this surety of the «r»bed. peace every justice of the peace may take and command, i. pjwer of juflicd As a minister, commanded thereto by a higher authority. 2. torc<lulre lt#

As a judge, and by virtue of his office, derived from his commission.

By the eornmission of the peace, one or more justices have Who cortj ^ power to cause to come before them, all those who to any of hbie to give the king's people concerning their bodies, or the firing of their bond, houses, have used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people : And if they shall refuse to find such security, to cause them in the king's prisons to be safely kept, until they shall find such surety.

A wife may demand it against: her husband, threatening to Comytis, ng. beat her outrageously, and a husband also may have it against Wife againsthef his wife. Husband, &c.

An infant, under the age of 14. years, may demand this surety, and it shall be granted him.

It ought, upon a just cause of complaint, to be granted by any justice of the peace, against any perfort whatsoever, under the negree of nobility, being of fane memory, whether he be a magistrate or private person, and whether he be of full age, or under age. The faf'eft way of proceeding against a peer, is by complaint to the court of chancery or king's bench.

If the person to be bound be in the presence of the justice, he may be immediately committed, unless he offers sureties.

The justice may make the warrant under seal, to bring the be offered, party before himself or some other justice, or he may make it to 5Co‘ 59 bring the party before himself only ; for he that maketh the warrant for the most part, hath the best knowledge of the mat- f>m. other juf-ter, and therefore he is the fittest to do justice in the cafe# tice.

Dalt. e. 117. Infant may demand it.

I Haw, 127. Mav be granted again*! any but a peer.

1 Haw. 128. Sureties muff

See Appendix, No. 78. of See Appendix, No. 52*

N n n

county.

ized b'i

4 58

I Haw. 129. Effett of super-fedcas.

2 Hato. 86. Person authorized may enter by force, after refusal of ad* mittance.

I Haiv. 128. Officer to ob-fenre the directions of the warrant.

If general, officer may chuse what justice. Dalt. c. 118.

By whom he may be bound.

Id.

Officer punishable for neglect.

Lambi 78.

To be bound afresh.

C'om, 125. Dalt. c. 168.

3 H. 7. e. 1. Recognizance when forfeited. I Haw. 130# By actual violence.

Idi

Recovered in courts at West-mi lifter.

Dalt c. 120. Farcy bound must appear.

Surety for the Peace.

If one who fears that the surety of the peace will be demanded against him, find sureties before any justice of the same county, either before or after a warrant is issued against him, he may have a supersedeas from such justice, which shall discharge him from arrest from any other justice, at the suit of the same party, for whose security he has given such surety.

Where a person authorized by warrant of a justice of the peace, to compel a man who is (heltered in an house, to find sureties for the peace or good behaviour, is denied quietly to enter into it, he may justify breaking open the doors, in order to take him ; but he must first signify to those in the house the cause of his coining, and request them to give him admittance.

If the warrant specially direct that the party shall be brought before the justice who made it, the officer ought not to carry him before any other ; but if the warrant be general, to bring him before any justice of such place, the officer has the election to bring him before what justice he pleaseth, and may carry him to prison for refusing to find surety before such justice.

If the party is carried before another justice, and not before him who issued the warrant, such other justice must take the surety, and bind him by recognizance in all points as the form of the precept doth require.

If the officer arrest the party, and do not carry him before the justice to find sureties; or upon the refusal of the party, if the officer shall arrest him, and do not carry him to the gaol, in both these cases the officer is punishable by the justices for this neglect, by indictment and fine at their sessions. When the party cometh before the justice, he must offer sureties, or else the justice may commit him ; for the justice needeth not to demand surety of him.

If a man that was bound to keep the peace, hath broken his bond, the justices ought of discretion to bind him anew ; but not until he be thereof convicted by due course of law.

The recognizance, which the justice takes for the keeping of the peace, is rather of congruity, than by any express authority given either by the common law, or by statute.

The recognizance is forfeited, if the party make default of appearance, and the same default shall be recorded.

It may also be forfeited by any attual violence to the person of another, whether it be done by the party himself, or by others through his procurement.

The justices cannot, in any case, proceed against the party, for a forfeiture of his recognizance, either in respect of his not appearing, or breaking the peace; the recognizance itself, with the record of default of appearance, ought to be removed into some of the courts at Westminster.

He who is bound to the peace, and to appear at a certain

day.

NEW

t

Surety for the peace.

459

day, moil appear at that day, and record his appearance, although he who craved the peace cometh not to desire that it may be continued; otherwise the recognizance cannot be dif-- charged.

it

kj

i

it

it

Ik

ti

k

li

If

it

b

n

a

\k

it*

I

0

N

Surety for the good behaviour.

DaJt. c. F22. Good behaviout includeth pe^ce#

Dak. c. 123.

but not usual. Caution to justice.

AM AN may be compelled to find sureties both for the good behaviour and for the peace; and yet the good behaviour includeth the peace; and he that is bound to the good behaviour, is therein also bound to the peace.

The surety* of the good behaviour is of great affinity with that of the peace, and is provided chiefly for the preservation of the peace; and is moil commonly granted either in the Granted in fef-o.pen sessions, or by two or three justices out of sessions. Yet, f10rlj or by two by the words of the commission, as also by the common opinion or more justices of the learned, one justice alone, out of sessions, may grant this surety of the good behaviour. But this is not usual, unless it be to prevent some great and sudden danger, especially against Out of sessions, a man that is of any good estate, carriage, or report. And it by one> shall be good discretion in the justices, that they do not grant it, but either upon sufficient cause seen to themselves, or upon the suitor complaint of others, and the same very honest and credible persons.

A man may be bound to his good behaviour for many causes 1 Haw. 32. of scandal, which give him a bad same, as being contrary to Causes of this good manners only ; as for consorting with women of bad same; furetyflup. or for speaking words of contempt of an inferior magistrate, as a justice of the peace, or mayor, though he be not then in the attual execution of his office ; or of an inferior officer of justice, as a constable, and such like, being in the actual execution of his office.

It seems the better opinion, that no one ought to be bound to the good behaviour, for any ra(h, quarrelsome, or unman- N*t for wor(Js nerly words, unless they either diredily tend to a breach of the only> un|eps of a peace, or to scandalize the government, by abusing those who dangertus are intrusted by it with the administration of justice, or to de- tenucncy. ter an officer from doing his duty.

The magistrate has a discretionary power to take such surety of all those whom he shall have just cause to suspect to be dan- Su"fje&e(j per. gerous, quarrelsome, or scandalous; as of those who sleep in fons, ice that the day, and go abroad in the night; and of such as keep luf- article, picious company ; and of such as are generally suspected to be robbers, common drunkards, and the liko ; and all other persons of evil same.

In general, whatsoever att or thing is of itself a milbeha-viour, is cause sufficient to bind such an offender to good behaviour.

See Appendix, No. 30.

N n n z Swearing.

Dalt. e. 124.

k

v - Original stori)

460

10 G. 2. e. IT*

Funilhable in eight days.

According to tank.

Second offence doable; all after, treblr.

To the pocr*

Id.

In presence of

j office.

Id.

In presence of

a constable.

Id.

If known to him, how to

aft.

Born, vol. iv.

? *93-Constable to prosecute.

39 G. 2. e- 21. Offender sum-ir»oned, how punilked.

Id.

Cuffs over and above the penalty.

Id.

Hcfufing to pay, to be committed.

Id.

Soldier or Teaman /wearing*

Swearing.

IF any person shall profanely curse or swear, and be thereof convicted on confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor) within eight days, he shall forfeit as folT lows: That is to say.

Every day labourer, common soldier, or common Teaman, is.

Every other person under the degree of a gentlemen, 2s.

And every person of or above the degree of a gentleman, 5s.

And for a second offence, after conviction, double; and for every other offence, after a second conviction, treble. Which said penalties shall go to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed.

If such person shall curse or swear in the presence and hearing of a justice (or mayor). See. he shall convict him without other proof.

If in the presence and hearing of a constable, if he is unknown to such constable, the said constable shall seize and carry him forthwith before the next justice (or mayor of a town corporate), who shall convict him upon the oath of such constable.

If he is known to such constable, he shall speedily make information before some justice (or mayor), &c. iu order that he may be convicted.

The constable, if it be in his hearing, is required to prosecute ; but any other person also may prosecute if he pleases.

Such justice (or mayor) shall immediately, on such information, on the oath of any constable, or of any other person, cause the offender to appear before him ; and on proof of such information, convict him : And if he shall not immediately pay down the penalty, or give security to the satisfaction of such justice (or mayor), he may commit him to the house of cor-redion, to be kept to hard labour for ten days.

The charges of the information and conviction shall be paid by the offender, if able, over and above the penalties ; which charges shall be ascertained by such justice.

And if he shall not immediately pay such charges, or give security to the satisfaction of such justice'(or mayor), he may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for six days, over and above such time for which he may be committed for non-payment of the penalties; and in such case, no charges of information and conviction shall be paid by any person.

If a soldier or seaman, profanely cursing or swearing, shall not pay or secure the penalty, and also the colls of the information, summons, and conviction, he shall, instead of being; committed to the house of correction, be ordered to be publicly set in the flocks for one hour for every single offence, and for any number of offences, whereof he shall be convicted at one 2nd the same time, two hours.

. The

NEW

bougie

1

t

I

k

i

i

I

i

i

i

i

r

I

M

f.

f*

f

i f

!ir-

i

if

i*

I?

P

if

Swearing* 461

* ' . . «m

The conviction shall be in the words and form fpllowing; *9 cal*

Be it remember ed* that on the day of in the C<m"

year of his Majesty's reign, A. B. was convicted before *ne> one of his Majesty's justices of the peasee for the county, riding, rdiruifion, or liberty aforesaid (or before me mayor of the city or town of within the county of ) of

jdhvearing one or more profane oath or oaths, or of curfng one or More profane curse or curses Given under my hand andfeal the day astf. year aforesaid.

The justice (or mayor) shall cause the conviction to be fairly tj, written upon parchment, and returned to the next general or Returned to cjuarter-sessions for the county, to be filed by the clerk of the session*. peace, and kept amongst the records.

If any justice (or mayor) shall omit his duty, in the execution of this act, he shall forfeit 5I.; half to the poor where he pe#naity on juf-shall reside, and half to him that shall sue in any court of re- tices neglectof cord. duty.

The constable omitting his duty, shall, on conviction, on jjm oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor), forfeit 40s. On Constable's to be levied by distress, half to the informer, and half to the neglect. poor: And if he have not sufficient goods whereon to levy, such justice (or mayor) may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for one month.

This act shall be publicly read four times in the year, in all churches and chapels, by the minister immediately after °*tcn rooming or evening prayer, on the Sundays next after March 25, June 24, Sept. 29, and Dec. 2$, on pain of 5I. for every offence, to be levied by distress, by warrant of a justice, mayor, pr other chief inagistrate.

Theatres licensed.

BY this act, justices of the peace may, at the general or 28 G. 3. 30.

quarter.sessions, at their discretion, grant licences for At general or the performance of plays, &c. under the restrictions herein <iuarter-feflr,on!* specified, that is to say, within any city, town, or place, situ-ate within the limits of their jurisdiction, for any number of Limitation of days, not exceeding 60 days, to commence within the next t,rne> six months, and to be within the space of four months, to be specified in the said licence. Only one licence shall be in use at the same place within the jurisdiction so given, and such place not to be within 20 miles of London, Westminster, or and of place, Edinburgh, or within eight miles of any patent or licensed theatre, or within ten miles of the residence of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of any place within the same juris-

aiftion.

Originalfrom 1

462

I

aS G. 3. e. 30.

Majority of juf-ticca necelfrry.

Notice to the chief magistrate.

aS C.3.C. 17. Size of reels*

Thread, how glade up.

Penalty on offenders.

False flames.

Two or more j aft ices.

Theatres licensed.

diflion, at which, within six months preceding, a licence under this act shall have been had and exercised, or within 14. miles df either Oxford or Cambridge, or within two miles of the outward limits of any city, town, or place, having peculiar jurisdiction; nor where any licence under this act shall have been had and exercised at the same place, within eight months then next preceding.

Licences are not to be granted within any place having peculiar jurisdiction, without the consent of the majority Of the justices afling for such jurisdiction ; or unless an express condition shall be therein inserted, that the same shall not be valid and effectual until it have been approved by such majority, at a meeting holden expressly for taking the same into consideration.

No licence shall be granted, unless three weeks notice be given to the mayor. See. previous to the application for a licence.

Thread made up in Ounces, .

FROM June i, 1788, reels of less circumference than one yard, used in making ounce thread, are to be forfeited, and also 5I.

All ounce or nun's thread manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in hanks, ounces, quarters, and pounds, avoirdupoiie weight, each hank containing 30 threads or rounds of the said reel of one yard or 36 inches in circumference, of the same quality and fineness; and each ounce containing a particular number of such hanks entire, of the same quality and fineness, and no fraflions or broken parts of a ha-ik; and each quarter containing four such ounces, of the same quality and fineness; and eath pound containing four such quarters, of the same quality and fineness; and the cover of each pound or smaller package of such thread shall be marked with a (lamp, ascertaining the contents of such package to be ounce or nun's thread, and specifying the number of hanks in each ounce thereof, and expressing the manufacturer's name and place of abode. Persons making up ounce thread contrary hereto, or felling the same, shall forfeit the thread, and 10I. for each pound weight thereof.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to thread of 40 threads in the hank, manufactureed prior to June 1, 7788.

Persons counterfeiting (lamps, shall forfeit the same, and the thread, and also 10I.

Any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, within which any offence against this act shall be committed, or within which the offenders shall xeiide or be found, may hear and determine all offences against this

)5' ; . X

— L.

i

Thread made up in Ounces, &c.

4^3

II

I

this act, on information exhibited, or complaint made to them 3*c *7* in writing ; and upon proof made thereof, either by confession, or examination of the party accused, or by the oath of two or more credible witnesses, may give judgment for the forfeitures and penalties, according as in and by this act is dircdted, and may issue their warrant for carrying such sentences into execution, and for levying the penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed within ten days) of the offenders goods or effects; and for want of distress, may commit the offenders to gaol for the space of three months, unless such penalties be sooner paid and satisfied.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the general quarter- Power of appeal* sessions, upon giving security to make good the sentence, and to pay such costs as shall be ordered in case such judgment shall be affirmed.

The justices may mitigate the said penalties, provided that Mitigation-of such penalties shall in no case be reduced below one half, and penalties, the full costs of the prosecution.

If any perfod or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justices, and shall ne- witness refu-gleft or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, every fi&g to appear, such person shall forfeit, to and for the use of the prosecutor, the sum of 5I. besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give evidence by means of another summons.

M

K

i

!i

X

a

Tithes.

GREAT tithes are chiefly corn, hay, and wood. Small 7£?8 W. c. 6.

tithes are the prsedial tithes of other kinds, together with Great tithes, those which are called mixt and personal. Offerings, obla- small tithes, and tions, and obventions, are the customary payments for com- ofteiinfi,‘ municants at Easter, for marriages, christenings, churching of women, burials, and such like.

Of these demand mull be first made; and if any person shall Id. fail in the payment of the same, by the space of 20 days after Modedfpro-such demand, the person to whom the same shall be due may make complaint* in writing to two justices of the peace, neither of whom is patron of the church or chapel, nor interested in the tithes.

Hereupon the said justices shall summon,f in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, every person against whom such complaint shall be made. And after appearance, or default of appearance (the warning or summons being proved upon oath), the said justices shall proceed to hear and determine the complaint; and give in writing under their hands and seals, such compensation as they shall judge to be

Id.

Justices duty*

S:e Appendix, No* Si,

f Sea Appendix, No. 83.

just

1

tized b

464 Tithes*

just arid reasonable; and also such costs and charges, riot e£«* ceeding 10s. as upon the merits of the cause shall appear just.

Also they may give costs, not exceeding 10s. to the party prosecuted* if they shall find the complaint to be false and Vexatious.

And if any person shall fefufe or n6glc& by the space of ten days after such notice given, to pay or satisfy such sum adjudged; the constables and churchwardens, or any one of them, shall, by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices, distrain* his goods.

But the distress shall be detained not less than four days, nor more than eight; and the officers may dedutt the charges not only of making and keeping the distress, but alfd of the sale* Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two justices, may appeal to the next sessions.

Where any quakerf shall refuse to pay or compound for the same, any parson, vicar, or other person who ought to receive or collect any such tithes, rates, dues, or payments, may make complaint to any two justices, other than such as is patron, or any way interested in the tithes.

Upon which complaint the justice shall summonj in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, such quaker. And may proceed to examine the truth of the complaint, and to ascertain and state what is due and payable.

And by order under their hands and seals, they may dire£l§ and appoint the payment thereof; so as the sum ordered (as is aforesaid) do not exceed iol. And also such costs and charges as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding 10s.

And on refusal to pay, it shall be lawful for any one of the two next justices, by warrant under his hand and seal, to levy the same by distref$J| and sale, rendering the overplus, the necessary charges ofdistraining being thereout first deduced and allowed by the said justice ; unless it be in the case of appeal, and then no warrant of distress shall be granted, till after the appeal shall be determined.

By the statute of the 27 G. 2. e, 20, which in all other cases gives the justices power, in their warrant of distress, to order the goods distrained to be detained for a certain time, not less than four, nor more than eight days, the goods of quakers distrained for non-payment of tithes and*church rates, are not ordered to be detained, before sale, for any number of days.

Power of appeal. Any P^son aggrieved by the judgment of the two justices, may appeal to the next sessions.

7 & 8 If. c. 6.

Costs not exceeding 108.

Id.

To be levied by distrefi.

*7 G. 2. c. 20. Distress detained four days, or to eight.

7 & 8 jy. c. 6. Power of appeal. t G. ft. 2. c. 6. Quaker ref using.

Id.

Justices how to a«5t«

Id.

Not above iol. costs, ios.

n.

To be levied by distress and sale.

Exception as to tiane of holding distxefs.

Is See Appendix, No. 86. ({ See Appendix, No. 88r

See Appendix, No. 87.

of See Appendix, No. 82. j See Appendix, No. 84.

It appears then, that church-rates not paid by quakers, may be recovered befote two justices of the peace, in like manner as their tithes. See 7 8

W. 34. 1 G. 1. ft. 2, c. 6.

Tobacc#.

LIBFU

I

i

I

s

I

M

I

ie

«{

a?.

ifr

It

I*

I*

<* i i

Cft

Tobacco.' 465

THE justices shall, a month before every sessions, issue 22^23 C.

their warrants to all high and petty constables, to search 26, what tobacco is planted, cured, or made, and by whom ; and J^acco.^ to make presentment in writing, on oath at the next sessions. Report to the of the names of such persons as have planted, cured, or made fetfions. any tobacco, and what quantity ofland is or was planted, and who are the tenants or occupiers thereof, who shall also be deemed the planters.

And all constables, and other public officers, shall, within Id.

14. days after warrant from two justices, utterly destroy all to- Seed and plant

bacco feed, plant, and leaf planted, sowed, or growing in to bcdestroyed.

any field or ground. And if any shall refuse or neglect to af-

(ift the constable, he shall, on conviction before two justices,

forfeit 5s. to be levied by warrant of the said justices by dif-

tress; and if no distress can be found, he shall be committed

to the common gaol for one week. And if any person shall

resist the constable or other person in the due execution here- Penalty on re-

of, he shall, on conviction before two justices, forfeit 5I. by ^ingthecoi.

warrant of the said justices, by distress; and if no distress can e‘

be found, shall be committed to the common gaol for three

months.

Any servant employed in adulterating tobacco and snuff, 1 shall, on conviction before two justices, by oath of one wit- Adulterating it. ness, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding six months.

And if any tobacco or (talks, exceeding 24.1b. or fnufFex- *4^. ceeding iolb. shall be found removing by land from the port Certificate of of importation, without-a certificate of payment of the duty, uty* the same, together with the packages, horses, and carriages,

shall be forfeited ; and the carrier shall, besides, be committed to the county gaol for one month by one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found.

The seizure of the said horses and carriages may be prose- seizure of cuted and determined before two justices residing near the horses, &c. place where the seizure was made.

After the 10th of October, 1790, all vessels bringing to- 29(7.3. c.6t bacco into Great Britain, of the growth of the United States, Manlfcft on from any part of the said states, are to have on board a mani- b°ard cvcryt0-fest, made out by the master or commander, before the clear- bacca ing of such vessel, containing the name of the place of loading, the name and built of the vessel, the measurement or tonnage thereof, according to the register of the same, together with the christian and surname of the master or person having command, and the place to which such vessel belongs, and a true account of all the tobacco laden on board such vessel, with the number of the cases, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each case, together with the marks and numbers, and the tare of each such case; and such weight of the tobacco and tare shall also be marked on each such case.

Goo By

466

»9 G* 3. < 68. Conditions of importation*

Penalty on not having proper manifests.

Mlfilfeft to be delivered to the officer.

Bulk broken illegally, ship forfeited.

Tobacco landed

without a warrant, forfeited.

Tobacco,

By 19 G. 3. e. 35. tobacco of the growth or manufacture of Ireland, may be imported into Great-Britain, under the following conditions, to wit, that the collector and comptroller of the customs, or other chief officer of the customs, at the port of lading, shall, after the clearance of the vessel, deliver to the mailer or commander, a martifeft, containing an account of all the tobacco, with the number of packages, and the marks of each package, and the quantity of tobacco contained therein, and the tare thereof; and shall immediately transmit a duplicate of such manifest to the of of the customs in Great Britain; which manifest is to be delivered by the maf-ter, on his arrival at his port of discharge, to the collector of the customs at the time of making his report; and any mailer neglecting to deliver such manifest, forfeits the sum of tool.; and such tobacco is to be imported in calks, containing 450 pounds weight of tobacco, and is, in other respects, to be liable to the same regulations as tobacco imported from the British colonies in America.

After the 10th of Odlobef, 1790, if any tobacco shall be imported into Great-Britain, without the proper manifests, the mailer or commander of the vessel forfeits the sum of 200I.

The mailer or commander of any vessel having on board, or bringing tobacco, either from his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or from the United States of America, shall, upon the arrival of the vessel within the limits of any of the ports of Great-Britain, or within four leagues of the coasts, produce and deliver to the officers of the customs or excise, who shall come on board such vessel, his manifest, or a true copy thereof; and the officer shall certify such production, or receipt of such copy, on the back thereof; and the first officer of the customs, who shall come on board, shall fallen and lock dowh the hatchways leading to the place of Ilowage in such vessel; or Upon the neglect of the first officer, then any other officer of the customs shall do the same ; and the mailer or commander shall cause the assistance of a sufficient number of the crew to be given to such officer: And if any mailer or commander shall fail in any of the respects above-mentioned, or if any such hatchway shall be afterwards opened, or if any of the fastenings shall be afterwards broken or damaged, before being opened by the proper officer or officers of the customs, he shall forfeit 200I.

If, after the arrival of any vessel having tobacco on board, within the limits above-mentioned, bulk shall be broken before the proper officers of the customs shall have authorized the unlading thereof, such tobacco, with the vessel and her appurtenances, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officers of the customs or excise, and such mailer or other person shall forfeit the sum of 200I.

If any tobacco or snuff, imported into Great Britain, shall belauded in Great-Britain, without a warrant signed by the proper

NEW

^ Go >gle

Tobacco.

proper officers of the customs and excise, and without their pretence, all such tobacco and snuff, and the packages, with the vessel in which the same shall be imported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the proprietor, importer, or consignee, of such articles, and the master, mate, or other person or persons, having the charge of such ship or vessel, and every person who shall be in anywise concerned in the unshipping or delivery of such articles, or to whose custody or posses-fion they shall afterwards come, he, she, or they, knowing the same to have been so unftiipped, shall forfeit treble the value of such tobacco or snuff respectively, to be estimated according to the highest London price of such articles.

Certain places are to be appointed by the of of the customs, at which vessels arriving with tobacco are to be moored, and the matters having the command of such vessels, are, at their costs, to cause their vessels, immediately upon their arrival, to be moored at such places, and the vessels are to remain there until the tobacco shall be delivered, and the vessels cleared ; and any master or commander failing in either of the respects above-mentioned, forfeits the sum of tool, unless, in the judgment of the said of, he was prevented from compliance by some unavoidable accident.

On the arrival of any vessel with tobacco or snuff at her moorings, the matter or commander is to make a true entry upon oath, at the custom-house, of the burthen, contents, and lading of such vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents of every parcel of goods, to the best of his knowledge or belief, on pain of the forfeiture of iool. and all unreported tobacco, found on board such vessel, becomes forfeited, together with the packages; and the master or commander, at the time when such entry is made, is to deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the customs, the mani-fest before-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting the fuel of ioo(.

The importer, proprietor, or consignee of tobacco imported, is, within ten days, if the whole or major part of the vessel*s contents be tobacco, or within fifteen days, if the major part of the contents consist of other goods, after the entry shall have been made, to make with the collector, or chief officer of the customs, and also with the collector of excise, a true entry in writing of all the tobacco on board such ship or vessel, with the number of cases, and the particular marks and number of each, and the weight and quantity of tobacco contained therein, agreeably to the manifest, and to the particulars of the entry before-mentioned.

No tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, brought into any port of Great-Britain b^r coast-cocquet, or permit, can be landed, or put on shore, without an entry first made with the proper officer of the customs of the port, by the person bringing the same, or to whom the same are consigned, on pain of the forfeiture ?f double the value.

O o o 2 Within

-i V - .

467

*9 G, 3. c1 6?.

Moorings for yefTels laden with tobacco*

True entry at the custom-house.

Manifest it-livered to the collector.

Importer to enter the number of cases, marks and number of each, &,c*

No tobacco can be landed befoic an entry made*

Tobacco

468

G. 3. c. 68« Entr e* of snuff with the proper ofticeit.

Otherwlfe,

lodged in the ctiftom-house wareheufes.

Tobacco from vweeks de-

ported.

Every case of

tobacco to be marked.

Snuff landed, weighed and marked as tobaccos

Tobacco to be cleared in 24 months.

Entry of premises.

Within ten days after the entry, the importer, proprietor, or consignee, are to roake^entries, with the proper officers of customs and excise, of all the snuff on board the vessel, belonging to them, specifying whether the same be snuff imported by the East India Company, or from any British plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies, or from any other place ; and also the number of cases, with the particular marks and numbers of each of them, and the weight and quantity of snuff contained therein ; and, on the neglect of such persons, any of the officers of customs or excise may convey all such tobacco and snuff, with the cases, to some of the warehouses to be provided by the respective of of the customs in England and Scotland, for securing and lodging tobacco and snuff at the several ports of importation : And such tobacco may be secured therein for twenty-four months, and such snuff for one month, unless the same be cleared and taken out before the expiration of such times : Before which clearance or delivery, rent is to be paid to the proper custom warehouse-keeper, after the rate of 6d. per week for each case containing tobacco or snuff.

A\ 1 tobacco and snuff, from any vessel wrecked or in distress, on thecoaftof this kingdom, is to be deposited and secured in the nearest custom-warehouse, and is to be liable to all the regulations and forfeitures mentioned in this act.

The officers of the customs on board every vessel in which tobacco shall be imported, are to mark every case of tobacco with such marks as the of of the customs shall di-rest, and no case of tobacco may be unshipped before so marked.

The importers, proprietors, and consignees of snuff imported, are, after the entry of the vessel and of the snuff, to land such snuff, as is directed, concerning the landing of tobacco; and such snuff, when so landed, is to be marked, weighed, and flowed in like manner.

Tobacco lodged in any warehouse, is to be cleared, and taken from thence, either for exportation or home-trade, within twenty-four months after the importer, proprietor, or consignee shall, or ought to have, made his entry in writing ; and snuff is in like manner to be taken out within one month ; and the importer, proprietor, or consignee, intending to clear and take from any warehouse any tobacco for home trade, or any snuff, mull give at least twenty-four hours notice in writing to the custom and excise warehouse-keepers, of his intention so to do, and of the particular cases and marks of such tobacco and snuff so intended to be cleared or taken out.

Every manufacturer of, and dealer in tobacco or snuff, three days at least before beginning to manufacture or fell any tobacco, tobacco-stalks, Spanish tobacco stalks for tobacco ilaik flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, is to make a true and particular entry in writing, of all thepremifes used


NEW

li'

it

t

i'

k':

i'

1»

Tobacco.

469

Inscription on dour.

by him for manufacturing, felling, or keeping any of the said 29 G* 3«e articles, at the office, within the limits whereof his premises shall be situated, on pain of forfeiting the sum of 200L for every part of such premises made use of, without such entry, together with the articles before mentioned, found therein, with the packages.

Within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, no Entries to be manufacturers are to be permitted to make such entry, but made by person* such as are occupiers of tenements, of the yearly rent of iol. ?nt r^n pay~ and for which he or they are assessed in their own names, and ,n§ ra CS* pay the parish rates; nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless such person or persons are assessed, and pay to the church and poor; and no entry is of avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons makingvthe entry are so qualified.

Over the outer door, or in the front, or in some conspicuous part of every house, warehouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place used by any manufacturer or dealer, for manufacturing, keeping, or felling any of the above-mentioned articles, the words Manufacturer of and Dealer in Tobacco and Snuff, or Tobacco or Snuff, or Manufacturer of\ or Dealer in Tobacco and Snuff, or Tobacco or Sniff, as the case may require, are to be painted or written in large legible characters, on pain of forfeiting for each place made use of, without such words, the sum of 50I.

Any person not having made such entry, who hath these Penalty on in-words painted or written, as before-mentioned, forfeits the scribing un-sum of tool.

None of the articles above-mentioned are to be manufactured out of the limits of the chief office of excise in London, except in cities and their suburbs, and in market towns, and also except in places more than five miles distant from any part of the sea-coalt of Great-Britain, unless such place or places shall be a city or suburbs thereof, or a market town within three miles of some port, into which tobacco may be imported, and in which the manufacture of tobacco or snuff shall be carried on at the time of passing this act ; and every person manufacturing or causing to be manufactured, any such articles, in any other place, forfeits the sum of 50I.

But no licensed manufacturer becomes liable to the said penalty of 50I. on account of his manufacturing, or causing to be manufactured, any of the articles above mentioned, at any tobacco or snuff manufactory, duly entered, and which shall have been used as such at any time before the 5th of July 1789.

X)n or before the 30th of September, 1789, a true account is to be delivered upon oath by every manufacturer of and dealer in tobacco and snuff, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, at the office of excise, within the limits of which his premises shall be, of the several quantities of tobacco, tobacco italks, and snuff respectively, being in his possession or culiody

entered house*.

Places excepted from manu-ta&urirg.

Place Ucensed, if di.lv entered before the ^th of July 17S9.

Account of flock.

Oil

1

47<>

Tobacco.

t? G. 3. e. 68.

t/nentered snuff ind tobacco forfeited.

Manufacturer*! entry at the cilice of excise.

Licences, where f ranted.

Safe of licences *0 m ana l accusers.

en the 30th of September, 1789 ; and every manufacturer, for every neglect in the delivery of such account, forfeits all such/ tobacco, tobacco (talks, and snuff, whereof no such account shall be delivered, together with the packages.

All tobacco, snuff work, and snuff, in the possession of any manufacturer or dealer, on the said 30th of September, 1789, or within ten days following, for which he shall not have credit on the custom-house books, or, in default thereof, (halt not make satisfactory proof to the commissioners of excise, that he bought the same in the fair way of trade, from some person or persons openly known and reputed to be a regular dealer or dealers therein, becomes forfeited with the packages.

Every manufacturer of tobacco or snuff, three days at lead before beginning to manufacture, mud make true and particular entry in writing, at the proper office of excise, of every engine for performing any process whatever, in the manufacturing of either of the said articles, on pain of forfeiting the sum of $ol. for every such utensil not fb entered.

Persons manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, are, before such manufacturing or dealing, to take out licences, as the case may require, which licences are to be granted as follows That is to say, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the of, or of some persons by the major part of them appointed for that purpose; and in any other part of England, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the respective collectors, and super-vifors of excise; within the limits of the city of Edinburgh the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise for Scotland, and in any other part of Scotland, under the hands of the respective collectors and supervisors; and the respective persons authorized to grant such licences, are to grant the same to all persons applying for the same, and paying as follows, that is to say, the sum of 40s. for each licence, granted previous to the 10th of November, 1790, authorizing the manufacture of tobacco and snuff until the 10th of November, 1790; but for all licences to pianufaCture, granted after that time, the following sums:

/1 d*

If the tobacco and snuff work weighed for manufacture by the person or persons applying for the licence, within the year ending the toth of October, previous to the taking out such licence, shall not have exceeded the quantity of 20,ooootb.

From 20,oooolb. to 30,0001b.

From 30,0001b. to 40,0001b. t

From 40,0001b. to 50,0001b.

From 50,0001b. to 6c,oooolb.

From 6o,oooolb. to 70,0001b.

From 70,0001b. to 8o,ooooib. - r

2

3

4

7

8

o o

o o 0 0 o o o o o o

Q O

from


LIBRA

i'

Tobacco.

9 0 0

10 0 0

12 0 0

J5 0 0

20 0 0

5

2

From 8o,oooolb. to 90,0001b.

From 90,0001b, to ioo,oooolb.

From ioo,oooolb. to i20,oooolb.

From i20,oooolb. to 150,0001b.

If such articles shall have exceeded 150,0001b.

For licences to deal in tobacco and snuff, the following sums are to be paid, viz.

Within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, ... . o

In any part of Great-Britain, - - o

Such licences are to be renewed ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months, and so from year to year 5 and any person manufacturing tobacco or snuff without taking out the proper licences, forfeits the Aim of 200I. or dealing without licence, forfeits 50I.

But persons duly licensed to manufacture tobacco and snuff, need not take out licences for dealing in the same, provided they do not, at any time, fell tobacco in a less quantity than four pounds weight, or snuff in a less quantity than two pounds weight.

Persons in partnership, manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, in onehouse or (hop only, are not obliged to take out more than one licence in a year; but no licence granted under this act authorizes any person or persons to manufacture or deal in tobacco or snuff in any other house, warehouse, (hop, or other place, than such whereof an entry in writing was made at the office of excise, at the time of granting such licence.

Before beginning to drip or spin any tobacco, or to press any tobacce for cutting, the manufacturer is to give, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or of the city of Edinburgh, fix hours notice in writing ; and within any other city or the suburbs thereof, or any market town, twelve hours notice in writing; and in any other part of Great-Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, of his intentions so to do ; and in each notice for Gripping tobacco mull specify the weight of tobacco intended to be manufactured; and in each notice forfpinning, pressing, or making into carrots, the several weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into carrots; and in each notice for flattening tobacco (talks for Spanifti, mud specify the weight of tobacco (talks so intended to be flattened; and in every such notice the hour and time of beginning such operation is to be specified; and the proper officer of excise shall attend, and the manufacturer shall, at that time, or within an hour afterwards, begin to weigh and separate all tobacco (talks, &c. intended to be pressed, spun, SfC, ; and immediately after such weighing, shall deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying how much of such tobacco is intended to be manufactured; and

act,.

471

29 C. 3. c.

Rate of licences to dealers*

Renewed every year*

Dealer's licence, when required.

One licence in a house*

Notice before (tripping tobacco.

Origirval from

Tobacco

472

29 G. 3. c, 63*

Mixing plants or leases to rc-1cm blc tobacco*

Officer difeoter-ing work carried on in an unli-cenlcd place.

Bieife officer's power of entry*

Scales and weights to be kept by manu« ta&urer and denier.

any manufacturer failing, in any of the respects above-mentioned, forfeits the sura of 20I.

Any person cutting any walnut-tree leaves, hop leaves, fy-camore leaves, or leaves, herbs, or plants to resemble tobacco, or mixing, or procuring to be mixed with tobacco, any of the said articles; or felling, or exposing to sale, or having in his custody or possession any of the said articles, prepared or mixed as before-mentioned, forfeits the sum of 200I. and all such articles, together with the tobacco with which the same may be mixed, with the packages containing the same.

When any officer of excise shall discover that the manufacturing of tobacco or fnufFis carried on in any place not duly entered, and shall at the same time discover, in such place, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or in any ways concerned in such private manufacturing, every person so discovered forfeits the sum of 30I. over and above all penalties and forfeitures, to which the proprietors of such tobacco or snuff shall be liable ; and such officer or officers, and all people acting in their aid, may arrest all such persons, and convey them before some justice or justices of the district, who, upon confession of the party, or proof by the oath of any credible witness, may convict such persons; each of whom, on conviction, mud immediately pay to the officer the sum of* 30I. on pain of being committed by such justice or justices to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for the space of six months from the day of conviction, unless such sum be sooner paid; and any person twice convicted of the same offence shall forfeit, on the second conviction, the sum of 60I. on pain of being committed to the house of correction for the term of one year, or until the said sum be paid.

Any of the officers of excise may at all times, between the hours of five in the morning and eleven in the evening, either with or without a constable, or other officer of the peace, or between the hours of eleven ii* the evening and five in the morning, with a constable, or other officer of the peace, enter into every place belonging to, or used by every manufacturer of or dealer in tobacco or snuff, and take an account of the quantity and quality of all tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spa-nish tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff in his custody or possession.

Every manufacturer of and dealer in tobacco and snuff is to keep sufficient and just feales and weights at the places where he shall keep, manufacture, or deal in tobacco, snuff work, or snuff; and is also to permit any of the officers of excise to use the same, for the purpose of weighing any such articles, on pain of forfeiting the sum of tool.; and any manufacturer or dealer using, or suffering to be used, any unjust or insufficient feales or weights, shall forfeit the sum of 200I. and such feales and weights.

Every manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco or snuff, as often

MEW

L.ck .ole

ft , V _

Tobacco. 473

- ten as required by the proper officer or officers of excise, is to assist, with a fuffiCient number of his servants, to the utmost of his power, such officer or officers, in taking an account of R the articles above-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting the sum of5ol.

But no officer of excise is authorized to weigh any tobacco,

► tobacco (talks or snuff work, whilst actually in the operation of manufacture, except such snuff work as any manufacturer shall intend to send out or receive by permit.

Unmanufactured tobacco, in the (late of operation, is at all times to be kept separate from manufactured tobacco, on 1 pain of the forfeiture of 50I.

The officers of excise may take a sample or samples of any r of the articles above-mentioned, in the possession of any ma

nufaCturer of, or dealer in, tobacco or lnuff, paying for the same (if demanded) the value, or usual price; and any ma-

I nufaCturer or dealer obstructing any officer in taking any fam* ji pie or samples, upon his paying for the same (if demanded), k forfeits the sum of 100I.

If any officer of excise shall discover any increase, not le-f gaily accounted for, in the Hock of any of the articles above-mentioned, above the quantity of each fort found by the of-e ficer at any preceding survey, so much of the Hock as shall be found increased becomes forfeited, and a quantity equal to the increased quantity, may be seized by any of the officers of f excise; and the manufacturer or dealer, in whose Hock the increase was found, forfeits the sum of 20I.

Any manufacturer removing, orcaufingto be removed, any Penalty on re-

II tobacco or snuff, from any of his entered premises, before the moving tobacco same has been weighed and taken an account of by the proper or(n£? before officers of excise, or hiding, or procuring to be hidden, any wc‘8 ln*‘ tobacco or snuff from the fight of such officer or officers, for-

t. feits the sum of 50I.

No tobacco (not being returns of tobacco) of four pounds weight or upwards, nor any snuff of two pounds weight or t upwards, can be removed from one part of this kingdom to

another, without a permit, on pain of the forfeiture of such Permit required 'f articles, together with the packages containing the same, and the cattle, boats, and carriages used in the removal thereof.

When any licensed manufacturer or dealer has occasion to remove any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, from his entered t premises, the proper officers of the district are, without fee or without fee# reward, upon request, to give a signed permit in writing, expressing the distinct weight of such articles, with the names of the persons from whom the same is to be removed, and the names of the persons to whom, and the place to which the } same is to be removed ; and in such permits, the time within which such articles shall be removed, and the time within which they shall be received, shall be limited.

It is not unlawful for any manufacturer of snuff to fend for

P p p sale.

29 G. 3. c. 62. Officer to be assisted in taking accounts.

Not to w^igh while making*

Separation of tobacco.

Samples may be taken.

Increase of stock forfeited.

474

29 G, 3. c. 62.

All persons for-b dden te fell without permit, and hawkers and pedlars even with permit.

How to be dealt with.

Penalty on

counterfeiting

permit.

Concealed tobacco, &c.

Justice's special warrant*

Officer may go on board any ftip, &c.

Tobacco.

sale, by permit, any snuff manufactured by him, from any part of this kingdom, to any other part thereof. D

When any person shall offer any of the articles above-mentioned to sale, without having a permit for the same, or when any hawker or other person, trading from town to town, or I from house to house, either on foot or with any cattle, shall offer any of the said articles to sale, although with a permit, the person or persons to whom the same shall be offered, may seize all such articles, and carry them to the next custom or 1 excise warehouse, and bring the offenders before the next juf- 1 tice of the peace, who shall commit them to prison ; and, af- ter the condemnation of the articles so feizea, and the commitment of the offender, the of of the customs or excise are to pay the same rewards to such persons as would be due to any officers making such seizure ; and, if desired, ' are to pay, before the sale of the articles, the sum of 3d. for I every pound of such articles so seized, upon a certificate from the justice of the offender or offenders being committed to prison ; and after the sale of such articles, the monies so advanced are to be repaid out of the produce of such sale.

Any person counterfeiting, or procuring to be counterfeited, any permit for the removal of any of the articles before-men- . tioned, or altering or erasing any untrue permit, or know- I ingly publishing or using any permit so counterfeited, falsi- £ed, or altered, forfeits the sum of 500I.

When any officer of excise shall have cause to suspect that any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, which shall be unlawfully imported, or shall be forfeited under this or any other act of parliament, is concealed in any place, then, if such place is within the cities of London or Westminster, or of the chief office of excise in London, he is to make oath before any two of the commissioners of excise, or in any other part of Great-Britain, before some justice of the district, setting forth the ground of his suspicion; and the person or persons before whom such oath shall be made, may, by special warrant or warrants, authorize the officer or officers, by day or by night, but if in the night, in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into the suspected premises, and seize and carry away such articles so concealed, with the packages; and the person, obstructing such officer or officers, or the persons acting in their assistance, shall forfeit the sum of tool.

Any of the officers of excise may go on board any ship or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast, and may continue on board and search for all tobacco and snuff, and may seize all such articles as shall be forfeited, with the packages, and also the vessel. if the same shall be forfeited on account of such articles.

Any

Original:

rORK PUB

.1C JB

C,ouQie

Tobacco.

Any person assaulting, refilling, or obstructing any of the officers of customs or excise in the execution of this or any other act relating to tobacco stalks, tobacco, or snuff; or after the seizure of any forfeited goods, rescuing, or causing the same to be rescued, or attempting so to do, shall forfeit (where no other penalty is particularly provided by this act) the sum of 200I.

Any person giving, or offering any bribe, recompence, or reward, to any of the officers of customs or excise, to connive at or permit any tobacco, snuff work, or snuff, to be run on shore; or to connive at any false entry; or giving or offering any such bribe, in order to prevail upon any such officers to do any thing contrary to their duty, shall forfeit the sum of 500I.

Any person taking a false oath, where an oath is required by this act to be taken, incurs the pains and penalties of perj ury.

No person, any way interested in the business of manufacturing or dealing in tobacco or snuff, can act as a justice of peace in any thing relating to this act; and all acts done by such persons are void.

Penalties and forfeitures created and imposed by this act, and to be sued for by order of the commissioners of the customs, or by any officers of the customs, are to be sued for and recovered, except where otherwise directed by this act, in the same manner as penalties and forfeitures for other offences against the customs.

And penalties and forfeitures sued for by order of the commissioners of the excise, or by any officers of the excise, are to be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, according to the laws of excise; or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and one half of every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall go to the king, and one half to the informer, except where otherwise directed by this act.

The duties and drawbacks settled by this act, are to be levied and paid (except where any alteration is made by this act) in the same manner as formerly ; and all tobacco and snuff are to be liable to the restrictions and forfeitures settled by any acts relating to the revenues of the customs, as formerly, except where the same are altered by this act; And all the laws of excise, except where other provisions are made by this act, are to be in force with respect to tobacco and fnuif.

The 24 G. 2. c. 41. — 26 G. 2. c. 13. — 23 G. 3. e. 11. — 25 G. 3. c, 81. — and 26 G. 3. c. 13. — as far as they relate to tobacco and snuff, are repealed.

All actions brought against any person for any thing done In pursuance of this act, are to be commenced within three

P p p 2 months

475

29 G. 3. c, 68, Penalty on refitting officer*

Bribing officers conniving at Smuggling tobacco, &c.

P rjury punishable as in other cases*

No iuttice can ad, ifinteretted*

Recovery of penalties*

Excise penal ties* how sued for*

Duties and drawbacks as formerly.

What acts repealed.

Limitation of lime of actions*

476

Tobacco.

1

29 C. 3. e 63. months after the thing done, and are to be laid in the proper county; and the defendants in such actions may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence ; and in case of a verdict for the defendants, or if the plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue, or suffer judgment upon demurrer, or otherwise, the defendants shall have treble costs.

Tobacco Act Amended.

30 G. 3. e. 40. Duties on tobacco (or exportation.

Allowance for fluinking.

Sire of calks for importation.

Mud be manufactured.

Mean tobacco to be burnt.

Clause in former att repealed.

Places to be set up for manufactory of tobacco, Sec.

BY this amendment of the act of 29 G. 3. e. 68, only the duties of id. and 2d. per pound, are to be paid for Spa-nish or Portugal tobacco, delivered for exportation from the King* warehouse.

If there be a difference, in weight by Ihrinkage, such tobacco is to be paid for according to the weight when delivered out of the warehouse.

No tobacco or fnnff is to be imported in casks, containing less than 4501b. on pain of forfeiture, &c. except as provided by the former act.

No tobacco (except Spanish or Portugal, and snuff) is to be imported, manufactureed, or in any (late of manufacture, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, with the hogsheads, casks. Sec. and other packages respectively containing the same, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, which may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

Tobacco imported on or before October 10, 1789, and remaining in any warehouse on July 5, 1790, shall be deemed tobacco imported since October 10, 1789.

The of of the customs and excise may cause damaged or mean tobacco to be burnt within three days after refusal to pay the duties.

That part of the former act, which prohibits the manufacturing of tobacco. See. out of the limits of the excise office in London, except the places therein specified, is hereby repealed.

From July 5, 1790, no manufactory of tobacco. Sec. is to be set up within five miles of the fca-coast, except in the places into which tobacco may be imported, &c. and except in any place or places, within three miles of such ports and places respectively, and also except in cities and the suburbs thereof, and market towns. All persons manufactureing any tobacco, tobacco (talks, &c in any house, or other place, being less than five miles distant from the sea-coast, except in places herein-before excepted, shall, notwithstanding any entry of the same, be deemed and taken to be manufactureers of tobacco

or


NEW Y,0|

Tobacco.

s

c'

477

notice*

fc!

i

F

tt

l*

Two paretic mixed before an officer*

f

It;

H1

V

t

IP

or snuff without entry. Nothing in thi$ shall extend to places 30 G* 3* 4<>* duly entered at the excise office before July 5, 1789.

Snuff work may be manufactured into rappee, Scotch, or s„ttfFW0Jk brown Scotch snuff, though different from the declaration delivered to the officer, if the manufacturer observe the regulations of this act; but nptice shall be given to the officer of any intention to manufacture snuff-work different from the declaration.

Every manufacturer of snuff may add to any parcel of snuff SnuflFin of*-work in operation, any quantity of tobacco, &c. upon giving, ration may bet from time to time, to the proper officer of excise, previous to inJ^afc<i such increase, notice in writing of such intention, specifying the particular calk and casks, in which such snuff work has been, or shall be taken, and the time when such snuff work was first laid down, and also the time when any increase, if any, was made thereon.

The whole of any parcel of snuff work in cure, may be mixed with the whole of any other parcel in cure, though laid down at different times, if mixed in the presence of any officer, &c*

When any manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall have occasion to supply the demands of their customers with manufactured tobacco or snuff, from any parcel or quantity of tobacco or snuff work in operation, before the whole of such parcel of Snuff work in tobacco or snuff work shall be completely manufactured, such operation may manufacturers, in the presence of the proper officer of excise, may take, for the purpose aforesaid, any manufactured tobacco or snuff, not less than two hundred pounds in weight, from any particular parcel or quantity, then in operation ; provided that such manufacturers shall give to such officer of excise, a like notice in writing, and in every such notice shall specify the weight of such manufactured tobacco or snuff so intended to be taken, and also the time or times when such parcel was weighed to be put in operation; and if taken without such notice, &c. the manufacturer shall forfeit 50I.

British rappee, Scotch, or brown Scotch snuff, completely Liquoring fmif^ finished, may be liquored before mixed with snuff of a different making, so it exceed not the legal credit. Manufacturers intending to liquor snuff, for which the legal credit has not been received, are to give notice to the officer of excise, specifying the kinds and weight of each kind of such snuff so intended to be liquored or damped, and how much such snuff, and each kind of such snuff, at the time when an account was first taken of the same by the officer of excise, fell short of the greatest extent of credit given to such manufacturer or manufacturers by the said act, or by this act, for or in respect of such kind of snuff; and every such manufacturer or manufacturers, in'mediately on such officer's attendance, shall, in the presence of such officer, weigh all such snuff intended to be liquored or , damped,

be taken in a certain quantity before an oftker*

478

30 C. 3. c. 40.

In parcels of aoUb.

Scotch snuff, Sec, how to be luanuUdured.

Dye may be used fjr Awning tobacco.

Part of a clause, 115, repealed, respectcing per-mits»

Tobacco.

damped, and liquor or damp the same; and re-weigh the same; and if the same, upon being so weighed, shall not, by means of such liquoring or damping, have increased in weight more than such snuff, at the time of (irft taking account thereof by the officer of excise, fell short of the greatest extent of credit given to such manufacturer or manufacturers by the said act, or by this act, for or in respect of such kind of snuff, then such snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and no part thereof shall be forfeited for or by reason of such increase of weight, but such manufacturer or manufacturers shall have credit for the same in (lock accordingly.

No snuff is to be liquored in less parcels than 20olb. nor in more than four different parcels of one making. Snuff, for which such an allowance shall be made, is to be kept separate from all other snuff, &c. on penalty of 20I.

Scotch snuff and tobacco (talk flour may be manufactured into brown Scotch snuff, and tobacco (talk flour into rappee snuff. For every one hundred pounds weight of snuff, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture with , tobacco (talk flour for brown Scotch snuff, he shall have a proper credit, toot exceeding one hundred and forty-one pounds weight of brown Scotch snuff; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such Scotch snuff so manufactured.

Manufacturers may keep and use dye for (taining tobacco; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

So much of clause CX V. of the lad act repealed, as directs that the permits for removal of tobacco or snuff from the mill, shall be for no more than the weight after being (loved or dried. Permits may be granted for the removal of not less ( than 20olb. of unmanufactured tobacco in any package, from entered premises to the mill, subject to the rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, &c. in the said act, or in this act contained, for the removal of tobacco from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof. Tobacco stalks (tripped from the leaf may be removed by permit, from entered premises, out of the limits of the bills of mortality, &c. to any place within those limits, subject to the rules, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said act, or in this act preferred for the removal of tobacco (talks from any part of this kingdom, to any place not within the said limits, in case such manufacturer shall not have received into his premises, custody, or possession, at the time of requeuing such permit, any other tobacco (talks whatever, whereof the proper officer of excise has not taken account, or whereof such officer has taken account, in pursuance of the said act, as tobacco stalks received into such entered premises, by permit, from the (lock of any other manufacturer or manufacturers.

Tobacco,

J

Tobacco. 479

Tobacco, &c. may be removed, by permit, to any entered 3° O. 3. c. 40. mill to be manufactured, &c. provided that every request note for such permit, and every such permit for such removal, shall pcVm™°to any set forth the purpose for which the same is to be removed, and entered mill* the particular process or processes of manufacture to be performed thereon at such mill. Permits for removal of tobacco.

See. from the mill back to the manufacturer's premises, are not illegal, by reason of any process or operation of manufacture whatever having been performed thereon at such mill.

Snuff work removed, except from the premises where laid when liable to down to the mill, shall be forfeited. Sec. and shall and may be befeized and seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise. forfeited.

Notice shall be given, previous to the beginning any ope- Notice of operation of manufacture, and if the operation be not begun in ration to be an hour after the specified time, a fresh notice must be given, begun.

All penalties and forfeitures imposed or created by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, as any fine, forfeitures, how penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or fucd for* mitigated, by any law or laws of customs or excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively, and one moiety of every such fine % penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fu^cessors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

Torn.

THE (herifPs torn is the king's court of record, holden % .

before the sheriff, for the redressing of common griev- Torn described# ances within the county.

Peers, clergymen, and tenants in ancient demesne, are pri- 52 u 3. f; io. vileged from appearing at the torn. Who exempt

from appearing.

Transferring.


480 Transferring Taxes*

j.e. 47* To whom tianfferred from excise and ft amp tikes.

Commissioner to take the oaths*

The oathi

By whom ad«

znintflered*

Duty to be paid ^uattcrJy.

Assessors under t:»e other aits may ait under thi».

THE of for putting in execution the acts orf houses, and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, shall be of for executing this present act ; they shall meet every year on or before the 30th day of April ; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate dillrifts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing and collecting the duties on carriages and horses, in the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, Lc. except so far as any alteration is made by this act.

No person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act (except in administering the oath of qualification herein-after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths requisite to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses. Sec. and also shall have taken the following oath: (that is to say),

7 A. B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the 2$tbyear of the reign of King George the third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the of of stamps respecti<&ly, to the of for the affairs of taxes ; and also for making further provifeons in respect to the said duties so transferred ; and will determine, without favour or affection, upon all appeals which shall be brought before me, under the said act, according to the best of my skill and knowledge

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the of, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorized to administer ; and if any person shall act as a commissioner in the execution of this act (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such oaths, he shall, for every offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

The duties on carriages and horses, so to be assessed under this act, shall be paid quarterly, i. e. on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of July, and the 10th day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments to be made on the 10th day of October, 1785, for the duties on coaches, chaises. Sec.; and on the 5th day of January, 1786, for the duties on waggons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses.

If at any time there shall be a neglect of appointment of affessors for the said duties on houses, and windows or lights; or if at any time the assessors appointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act, it shall be lawful to and for the surveyors or inspectors appointed under authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, &c. and they are hereby

authorized

1


NEW YQP

Transferring Taxes.

481

f

authorized and required to do and perform such and the like *5(7.3. r. 47. j f services as, by the said act, or any of them, are required from such assessors.

Every person appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor Assessors mud or inspector hereby authorized to act as an assessor, shall, be- take the oaths, fore he presumes to ad, take (besides the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by assessors, by the before-mentioned acts, relative to the duties on houses, &c.) an oath, or, being one of the people called quakers, make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form 2

I A.B. dofusear [or affirm, as the case may require], that The oath; in making the assessment, which, by authority of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of stamps respectiuely, to the of for the affairs of taxes, I will charge all persons according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me G OD.

Which oath or affirmation, any two or more of the com- Two missioners, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby au- floners may thorized and required to administer; and if any person so ap- administer it. pointed to act as an assessor, shall presume to ad before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds. j»\. The of, in the precepts directed by them to the AssessT>rs also on inhabitants of the parishes or places, within their respective carriages and D, districts or divisions, naming whom they shall think fit to be or ei‘ assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on ilf houses, &c. shall cause notice to be inserted, that such persons lit are also appointed assessors of the said recited duties upon car-i5 riages and horses.

jp Assessors shall, within fourteen days after their appointment Assessur's doty# yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any carriage or horse liable to the said duties on car-r; riages and horses, within the limits for which such assessors

:jfl are to ad, at his or her dwelling-house, to prepare and pro-

ji duce, within the space of 14 days, one list in writing of car-

:5 riages liable to the said duties ; the said lift to describe the

greatest number of such carriages which such person shall have 1$ kept at any one time in the course of the year, ending on the

$ 5th day of April preceding such notice, distinguishing which

are kept for private use, and which for hire, and which are ft _ufed as public stage coaches ; and another list in writing of the

is; number of horses liable to the said duties on horses; and every such person shall sign the same with his or her own hand, and cause it to be delivered to such assessor or assessors, when be or they shall call for the same ; and if any such person shall ne-

i

2

If

L Go sle

1

482

Transferring Taxes.

tc G. 3. e. 47. If no lift maae out, iflelfor to nuke one.

Such asseftmeot final and con* elusive.

Term* of the lifts.

If averted in two parishes r diflndta.

Certificate from the other*

Number to be l>*id for elsewhere.

Fewer of fur-charging.

Assessments to be delivered to the commission-ett.

gledfc or refuse to make out, (ign, and deliver such lifts, witl-in the time before-mentioned, then such assessor or afleffon shall, from the bed information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such person.

And every such assessment so made shall be final and conclusive upon the person thereby charged, who shall not beat liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall alledge such excuse for not having delivered his or her lift or lifts, as the of shall think reasonable and sufficient.

The lifts which shall be delivered, shall contain the greatest number of such carriages and horses, which the persons from whom such lifts are required, shall have at any time kept and used, between the 5th day of July, and the 5th day of April.

If any person, having been assessed under this adi in one parish or district, for his or her carriages or horses within the same, shall be again assessed in another parish or district, the of may and are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, if proof be made, as to the fadtof payment, by producing a receipt signed by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or, by other reasonable evidence, to the satisfaction of the said of, or the major part of them.

And the aforesaid proof, as to the fact of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made, either by producing a copy or certificate of the assessment, signed by two or more of of the district for which such assessment shall have been made, or, by other evidence to the satisfaction of the of, or the majority of them.

Every person who shall be called upon by virtue of this act, to give such lift or lifts as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in such lift or lifts, make a declaration signed by him or her, of the number of such carriages and horses as he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the parish or district wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other carriages and horses; and the said assessors shall enter the declaration at the end of their several assessments, and deliver them to the surveycr for each parish or district, that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the of for managing the affairs of taxes.

In case the lifts delivered to the assessors shall be found deficient, they may surcharge the same, and make a true assessment upon every person keeping such carriages or horses within their respective districts, of the real number of carriages or horses kept by every such person, distinguishing every such carriage or horse in manner herein-before directed.

Assessors shall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing their assessments of the said duties on coaches, carriages, and horses, within the limits for which they adfc, unto the said of, or any two or more of them, within the space

of

Transferring Taxes.

of thrge calendar mon ths next after the time of their being appointed ; and the said of shall, within one calendar month, or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their bands to the said assessments, and to such surcharges as may have been made, either by the assessors, or surveyors, or in-speCtors, testifying their allowance of the same ; and shall like-wife appoint two of the persons named or presented in each of such assessments to be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said of shall think able and responflble for the respective divisions for which collectors shall be so presented ; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, so allowed of, unto the persons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the receiver-gene-Tal, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall be an Avertible.

Surveyors under the before-mentioned acts may inspect the lifts of carriages and horses before they are ligned, and amend them, if they shall see just cause for so doing; and if such surveyors discover any omissions after the lifts are signed, they are to certify the same in writing, together with an account of every carriage and horse omitted, and its proper description, according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of, in order to have such omission or under-rate rectified in the said assessment; and such of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

Where any person liable, under the directions herein-before contained, to deliver such lifts or declarations as aforesaid to the assessor or assessors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift or declaration, to such assessor or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Where any assessor, surveyor, or inspeClor, shall make a surcharge upon any person for or in respect of any carriage or horse omitted to be inserted in any such lift or declaration as aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after the rate of double the duty for every carriage or horse so omitted ; and the afleffor, surveyor, or inspeClor, so making such surcharge, shall be, and is hereby intitled to, and shall have and receive for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every surcharge which shall be justly made upon any fuel) lift or declaration.

Inhabitant householders shall deliver lifts of lodgers who keep carriages or horses liable to the said duties, on a week's notice left by the assessor, &c. containing thechristian and surnames of such lodgers and inmates, and also an account of

Q.qq 2 every

483

25 C % 3. c. 47

with the fur-charges.

Collector to be appointed.

Their duty.

Surveyor* power to in* spect lifts.

Penalty on not delivering lifts*

Surcharge to be

double the duty*

Lifts of lodger# having carriage &c.

484

*5 G 3» 47«

Transferring Taxes.

every such carriage, with such description as is herein-before required, and of every horse liable to the said duty, on a penalty of iol.

Jf any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves over-charged, or over-rated by any assessment, charge, or surcharge, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them. Power of appeal, to appeal to the said of; and any two or more of them shall hear and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her lift or lifts, and shall not assign suficient cause for such omission ; in which case it shall be lawful for the said of to dismiss the appeal.

At the time of hearing the appeal, the appellant shall deliver, on oath, a list of the greatest number of carriages and horses kept by him, ‘or her, within the year preceding the 5th day of April in every such year, with such description and explanation, and also such lift or declaration as to other dif-tridls as is herein-before required ; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days to be appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein-before mentioned, with respect to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

The of shall not make any abatement in the charge, unless it shall appear, on oath, that the appellant is over-rated.

Every person intending to appeal to the said of, shall give at the least ten days' notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor and assessors, and appellant, shall haye full power and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said of determining the same.

Commissioners may remit the penalty before directed to be paid to the assessor, upon application of such appellant, if they shall be of opinion, that there was any doubt whether the carriage or horse so surcharged was rateable, and was not omitted with any intention to defraud the revenue.

If it shall appear to the of that such surcharge was falsely and vexatiously made, such surveyor, assessor. Sec. shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punishments as in and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, in-spedlors, or assessors, for neglect of duty.

Al) appeals once heard and determined by the said of, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final, except that if either the said surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing, shall apprehend

If the lifts have been delivered.

Greatest nunn-ber the preceding year.

Days of appeal.

No abatement of charge.

Notice of appeal.

Penalty remit- ' tfed in a case of doubt.

Surveyor punished for vexatious surcharge.

Dcciflon final.

Transferring Taxes.

485

head the determination made by the said of to be 25 3- f* 47-

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall be Doubtfulc*<e lawful to require the said of to (late specially, and j^e™UC sign the case upon which the question arose, together with J their determination thereupon ; and cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king's bench, or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer.

And every such justice and baron is hereby required, with Thelranswer all convenient speed, to return ananswer to such case so trans- the case, mitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of the appeal, shall be altered or confirmed ; and in Scotland, such case shall be transmitted to the court of session.

But the determination of the said of shall stand Former pay-with respect to the payments which shall become due, prece- menes undent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or charged. Baron, upon such case.

Every penalty, under this att, of a greater sum than twenty Above 20!. in pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of re- Westminster. cord at Westminster ; or in the court of session, &c. in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdoms ; and one moiety shall belong to his Majesty, and the Application, other to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

The assessments which are to be made under the authority what horsea of this act, shall be made for all horses whatsoever belonging nabie. to any person within the kingdom of Great Britain, which shall, on any occasion, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage now or hereafter subject to any excise duty.

Provided that on proof, on oath, made to the satisfaction of the said of, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm, not worth more than 150!. a year to be what farm let, shall have been so assessed, has been only used for the pur- horse eXemPt* pose of riding to and from market, or church, or other place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong.

In all cases where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recover* able before two or more justices, on proof of the offence, either by confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety of such last mentioned penalty shall be paid to his Majesty, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same ; in case of nonpayment.

Two justice*, if under 20I.

Application ®f penalty*

L

846

*$G. 3* c. 47.

Conftjfelcs to be aiding.

Actions within a year.

J9 G. 3. c. 74* The purpose of penitentiary houses.

Hcttr. 39. Half's PI. 16?. I H. II. 373* Offender may he apprehended by a justice*

Information

taken.

"Evidence bound over.

Offender committed.

Transferring Taxes.

t 1

payment, it shall be levied by distress and Tale of the offender*! goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus, after deducing the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner ; for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of the county, town, or place, for not more than six months, nor less than one, as such justices shall think proper.

All constables and headboroughs, and other officers, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this act.

All actions for any offence against this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed; and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void.

Transportation.

Punishment in lieu of Transportation.

PENITENTIARY houses, for confining and employing hard labour, in one of the said houses, such male convicts, and in the other such female convicts, as shall be ordered to imprisonment and hard labour, were, in pursuance of this act, tobeeredled; but that act expired in June, 1784: Several acts have, however, since passed, which seem to have had constantly in their view the prudent and wholesome provisions of the former act of 19 G. 3. ; and all the houses of correction lately erected, and now erecting, are evidently designed as well to reform as to punish offenders*

Treason.

THOUGH treason and misprision of treason are net within the letter of the commission of the peace, yet, inasmuch as they are against the peace of the king and of the realm, any justice of the peace may, either upon his own knowledge, or cite complaint of others, cause any person to be apprehended for any such offence. And such justice may take the examination of the person so apprehended, and the information of all those who can give any material evidence against him, and put the same in writing ; and also bind over such as are able to give any such evidence to the king's bench, or gaol delivery, and certify his proceedings to such court.

And having committed the offender (for he is by no means bailable by justices of the peace, 5 Ed. 1. r. 15. 2 Haw. 99.)

it

NEW VO,' *

Treason.

it may be adviseable for him to fend an account immediately, of all the particulars, to a secretary of (late.

The nature of treason, which had not been exactly defined before, was ascertained by the 25 Ed. 3. — Which aft was reinforced by the 1 Mar. — So that no offence is now to be esteemed high treason, unless declared to be such by the said statute 25 Ed. 3. or by the 1 Mar. or by some subsequent statute.

Treasurer of the County.

THE treasurers shall be persons resident in the county or division, and shall be appointed by the justices at their general or quarter-sessions; first giving sufficient security to be accountable for the money which shall be paid to them in pursuance of this act (for levying of county-rates), and to pay such sums as shall be ordered by the justices in sessions, and for the due and faithful execution of the trusts reposed in them*

Turnips, &c. &c. &c.

Y

IF any person shall steal and carry away, or maliciously pull up or destroy, any turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, or carrots, growing or being in any garden, lands, or grounds, open or enclosed, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by confeflionor oath of one witness, forfeit such sum, not exceeding 10s. over and above the value of the goods iiolen, as to such justice shall seem meet; first making the owner satisfaction for the damage: The sum forfeited to be distributed between the owner of the goods stolen and the over-seers of the poor where the offence is committed, or the whole to be given either to the owner of the goods, or to the over-seers of the poor, as the justice shall think fit. And in default of payment, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid.

Where the conviction shall be on the oath of the owner, the whole of the penalty shall be paid to the overseer for the use of the poor.

And the conviction shall be drawn up to the following effect: Be it remembered, that on the day of in

the year of our Lord A. B. is duly convicted before

me, C. D. Esq. one of his Majestyys justices of the peace for the county of [specifying the offence, and the time and

place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Vagrants.

487

2 Haro. 39.

Accn*»nt to secretary of state.

Treason defied by statute.

it G.t € 29.

By whom appointed.

Security to be given.

13 G. 3. r. 30. Stealing turnips, &c. Pease, &c.

Penalty. t

Commitment for a month.

Application of penalty.

Form of con-

vision.

488

Vagrants.

i. Idle and disorderly persons.

1 J. c. 4.

How described*

IDLE and disorderly persons shall be sent to the house of correction ; by the 17 G. 2. c. 5, they are thus described I. All persons who threaten to run away, and leave their wives and children to the parish. — 2. All persons who shill unlawfully return to the parish or place from whence they have been legally removed, without bringing a certificate. — 3. All persons who have not wherewith to maintain themselves, live idle without employment, and refuse to work for the usual and common wages given to other labourers in the like work, in the parishes or places where they are. — 4* All persons going about from door to door, or placing themselves in streets, highways, or passages, to beg or gather alms in the . parishes or places where they dwell. It shall be lawful for one One justice may justice to commit such offenders, on confession, on his own view, or on oath of one or more credible witness or wit-n^ffes, to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month. The justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, may order any overseer where such offenders shall be apprehended, to pay 5s. to any person in such parish or place so apprehending them, for every offender so apprehended ; to be allowed in his accounts, on producing the justice's order, and the person's receipt to whom it was paid ; and if the overseer shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, the said justice, on oath thereof, may, by his warrant, order the same to be levied by distress and sale of his goods (returning the overplus, if any, to the said overseer)* and in such case he shall not be allowed the same in his accounts.

2. Rogues and vagabonds.

17 G.«. c. 5. AN infant under the age of seven years, shall not be said to Not under seven foe a rogue and a vagabond ; but shall be removed to its place

commit.

Reward for apprehending.

years.

Various descriptions of rogues and vagabonds.

17 G, 2 C. 5.

of settlement, as other poor persons not vagrants.

All persons going about as patent-gatherers, or gatherers of alms, under pretences of loss by fire, or other casualty.

Persons going about as collectors for prisons, gaols, or hof-pitals.

Fencers.

Bearwards.

Common players of interludes, or other entertainments of the stage, not being authorized by law.

Minstrels, except those licensed by the lord of Dutton, in Cheshire.

Jugglers.

All

Vagrants.

489

All persons pretending to be gypsies, or wandering in the habit or form of Egyptians.

Or pretending to have (kill in physiognomy, palmeftry, or like crafty science, or to tell fortunes.

Or using any subtle craft to deceive and impose on any of his Majesty's subjects.

Orplaying or betting at any unlawful games or plays.

All persons who run away, and leave their wives or child-ren, whereby they become chargeable to any parish or place.

All petty chapmen, and pedlars, wandering abroad, not being duly licensed, or otherwise authorized by law.

All persons wandering abroad, and lodging in ale-houses, barns, out-houses, or in the open air, not giving a good account of themselves.

All persons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be soldiers, mariners, or seafaring men. But not soldiers wanting subsistence, having lawful certificates from their officers, or the secretary at war; or mariners or seafaring men licensed by some testimonial or writing under the hand and leal of some jtiftice of the peace, setting down the time and place of their landing or discharge, and the place to which, they are to pass, and the names of the chief towns or places through which they are to pass, and limiting the time of their passage.

All persons wandering abroad, pretending to go to work in harvest, without a proper certificate, from their parish.

All other persons wandering abroad and begging ; and all ^ #

persons having any implement for house-breaking, or any offenfive weapon with felonious intent, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds within the meaning of the statute, 17 G.

2. c. 5.

i

if

t

3. Incorrigible rogues

ARE all end-gatherers offending against the statute of the g 2, c ^ 13 G. being convicted of such offence, viz. the collecting, How described, buying, receiving, or carrying any ends of yarn, wefts, thrums, short yarn, or other refuse of cloth, drugget, or other woollen goods.

All persons apprehended as rogues and vagabonds, and hav- id* ing escaped from the persons apprehending them, or refusing to go before a justice, or to be examined on oath before such justice, or refusing to be conveyed by such pass as is herein after directed, or knowingly giving a false account of themselves on such examination, after warning given them of their punishment.

All rogues or vagabonds who shall break or escape out of fj, any house of correction, before the expiration of the term for

Rrr which

49°

Constable to appiehend.

JJ.

Regard for apprehending.

Demand on hi^h constable.

Penalty on eon-stable iefufing.

Id.

Constable'a

neglect.

Id.

Privy search.

Vagrants.

which they were committed or ordered to be confined by this act.

All persons, who, after having been punished as rogues and vagabonds, and discharged, shall again commit any of the said offences.

If any person shall be found offending against this act, the constable shall apprehend him, and convey or cause him to be conveyed to a justice of the peace. And any other person may apprehend him, and carry him to the constable, or to a justice.

If any person, not being a constable, shall apprehend any such rogue or vagabond, and shall deliver him to a constable, or convey him to a justice; or if any constable shall so apprehend and convey him, it shall be lawful for such justice to reward him, by making an order under his hand and seal, upon the high constable, to pay 10s. to the person so apprehending him, within one week after demand, and producing such order, and on his giving a receipt for the same ; which shall be allowed by the treasurer to such high constable, on paffinghis accounts, and delivering such order and receipt, and also his own receipt for the same to such treasurer; the treasurer also to be allowed the same in his accounts, on producing the said vouchers and in towns corporate, and other places, where there are no high constables, such petty constable shall pay or retain such reward, and be allowed the same in his account, on producing the like vouchers. And if any high constable, or where there is none, such petty constable, shall refuse or neglect to pay such reward on demand, such justice, by his warrant,* may levy the sum of 20s. by distress and sale.

If the constable shall refuse or neglect to use his best endeavours to apprehend or convey to some justice such offender; or if any other person, being charged by any justice so to do, shall refuse or neglect to use his best endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the constable, or to carry such offender before some justice, where no constable can be found, he shall, being convicted thereof on view, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit 10s. to the poor by distress.

The justices, or two of them, shall four times a year at least, or oftener (if need be), meet in their respective divisions, and by their warrant, command the constables of every hundred, parish, town, and hamlet, who shall be assisted with sufficient men, to make a general privy search in one night, for the apprehending of rogues and vagabonds; and every justice shall also, on receiving information that rogues and vagabonds are in any place within his jurisdiction, issue his warrant to the constable to search for and apprehend such rogues and vagabonds, and such as they shall find upon such search, they shall cause to be brought before a justice.

See Appendix, No. 99.

T#e

NEWYO&KRyv-

k

I!

t

i

k

I*

V

It

i

if

i

V

it

i

i

i

v

f

t'

v

f

Vagrants.

Two justices, in case any person apprehended upon a general privy Search, or by a special warrant, shall be charged before them with being a rogue and vagabond, or an idle or disorderly person, or with suspicion of felony (although no direCfc proof be then made thereof), may examine such person on oath, as to his Settlement and means of livelihood; and the substance of such examination shall be put in writing, and Signed by such person, and by the justices, and be transmitted to the next sessions to be hied ; and if such person shall not Shew that he has a lawful way of getting his livelihood, or shall not procure Some responsible house-keeper to his character, and give security, if required, for his future appearance at some other day to be fixed for that purpose, the justices may commit him to some prison or house of correction, for any time not exceeding six days; and in the mean time order the overseers of the poor to advertise in some public paper a description of his person, and any thing that shall be found on him, or in his custody, and which he shall be suspected not to have come honestly by, and the place of his commitment, and the time and place appointed for his re-examination ; and if no accusation shall be then laid against him, he shall be discharged, or otherwise dealt with according to law.

Where any rogues or vagabonds, apprehended by any constable, or Such other person as aforesaid, shall be brought before a justice, he shall inform himself by the examination upon oath of the person apprehended, or of any other person, of the condition and circumstances of the person so apprehended, and of the parish or place where he was last legally settled : — The substance of which shall be put into writing, and be Signed by the person or persons so examined; and the justice shall likewise sign the Same, and transmit it to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

And Such justice shall order Such person so apprehended, to be publicly whipt by the constable, petty constable, or Some other person, to be appointed by such constable, or petty constable, of the parish or place, where Such person was apprehended ; or shall order him to be Sent to the house of correction till the next Sessions, or for any less time, as Such justice shall think proper.

Where any offender against this act shall be committed to the house of correction till the next Sessions; and the justices at Such Sessions shall, on examination of the circumstances of the case, adjudge Such person a rogue or vagabond, or an incorrigible rogue; they may order Such rogue or vagabond to be detained in the house of correction to hard labour, for any further time not exceeding six months, and such incorrigible rogue for any further time not exceeding two years, nor less than six months; and during his confinement, to be whipped in such manner, and at such times and place, as they shall think fit; and such person may, if the sessions think conve-

Rrrz nient*

491

25 G» 2. c. 36.

Suspe&ed persons examined.

Committed for six days.

Advertised in paper.

. A

17 G. 2. c. 5. Place of settlement.

ldm

Order for whipping.

See amendment of this act, by 32 G. 3. (. 45, below.

17 G. 2. c. 5.

492

17 G. z.. r» 5.

t3 14 C. 2.

c. IX.

Justices in session may transport.

17 C. x. r. 5. Vagrant's child may be appre* Bended*

In what cases detained*

Idi

Palled to parxfh

JJ.

Duplicate of proceedings.

U.

Kote, how to he conveyed*

Vagrants.

nient, afterwards be sent away by a pass; and if such person, being a male, is above the age of twelve years, the court may, before he is discharged from the house of correction, fend him to be employed in his Majesty's Service by sea or land. And if such incorrigible rogue, so ordered by the sessions to be detained in the house of correction, shall break out or make his escape, or shall offend in like manner, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years.

The justices in sessions may transport such rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars, as shall be duly convicted, and adjudged to be incorrigible.

If the child of any vagrant, above the age of seven years, shall be committed to the house of correction, the justices in sessions, if they fee convenient, at any time before such child be discharged, may order such child to be placed out as afer-vant or apprentice to any person within their jurisdiction, who is willing to take such child, till such child shall be of the age of 21 years, or for a less time; and if any offender, who was found wandering with such child, shall be again found with the same child which was so placed out, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

Where any vagrants have been committed to the house of correction till the next sessions, if on examination of such persons no place can be found, to which they may be conveyed by a pass, the sessions shall order them to be detained and employed in the house of correction, until they can provide for themselves, or until the justices in sessions can place them in some lawful calling, as servants, apprentices, soldiers, mariners, or otherwise.

After whipping or confinement, the justice may, if he 1 ' thinks convenient, by a pass, under hand and seal, cause the vagrant to be conveyed to the place of his last legal settlement; but if it cannot be found, then to the place of his birth ; or if he be under the age of 14 years, and have any father or mother living, then to the place of abode of such father or mother, there to be delivered to some churchwarden or overseer.

The justice shall make a duplicate of the pass and examination, and sign the same; and shall afterwards transmit the duplicate of the pass, annexed to the examination, to the next (eftions, there to be filed and kept on record ; and shall annex the duplicate of the examination to the pass, and fend it with the same; and the said pass, examination, and duplicate thereof, shall and may be read in any court of record as evidence.

And the justice, who shall make the pass, shall with the pass cause likewise to be delivered to the constable a note or certificate ascertaining how they are to be conveyed, by horse, cart, or on foot, and wha: allowance such constable is to have for conveying them.

And

NEW Y(

1

Vagrants,

493

P'

t

I

And the constable, who shall receive such pass and certificate, shall convey the person according to the direction of the pass, the next direct way to the place where he is ordered to be sent, if it be in the same county, riding, division, corporation, orfranchise; if not, he shall deliver the said person to the constable of the first town, parish, or place, in the next county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; in the direct way to the place whither he is to be conveyed, together with the pass and duplicate of the examination, taking his receipt for the same. And such constable shall, without delay, apply to some justice in the same county or division, who shall make the like certificate, and deliver it to such constable, who shall, with all speed, convey such person unto the first parish, town, or place to which he is to be conveyed. And so from one county or division to another, till they come to the place to which such person is sent. And the constable, who shall deliver such person to the churchwarden, or other person ordered to receive him, by such pass, shall at the same time deliver the said pass, with the duplicate of the examination, taking their receipt for the same.

The justices in sessions shall limit what rates and allowances, by the mile, or otherwise, shall be made, for conveying or maintaining rogues, vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues; and make such other orders for the more regular proceeding therein, as they shall think proper.

And if any petty constable shall bring to any high constable such certificate as aforesaid, together with a receipt or note from the constable to whom the person was delivered, the said high constable shall pay the rates ascertained by such certificate, taking the petty constable's receipt. And if the high constable shall refuse or neglect to pay the same on demand, it shall be lawful for one justice, by his warrant, to levy double the sum, by distress.

Where the high constable hath not money in his hand sufficient to answer the said expences, the treasurer shall pay the same to such petty constable, on his producing the certificate, and such other vouchers as aforesaid.

If a petty constable, or governor of any house of correction, shall counterfeit such certificate or receipt, or knowingly per mit any alteration to be made therein, he shall forfeit 50I. —

. And if he shall not convey, or cause to be conveyed, such vagrants, or not deliver them to the proper person ; or if any constable shall refuse to receive any such person, or to give such receipt, he shall forfeit 20I. by distress and sale, by warrant of the justices in sessions, where the ofFerice shall be committed ; half to the informer, and half to the treasurer, to be applied by him as part of the public flock ; returning the overplus upon demand, charges of distress being first satisfied.

The parish or place to which any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue shall be conveyed, shall employ in work or

place

17 G. a. c. 5

Constable's

office.

Receipt to be taken.

Id.

Conveyance per mile.

Id.

H igh con ft We to pay the rare of conveyance.

z6 G. 2. e: 34* or the county treasurer.

Id.

Penalty on constable faififying receipt,

or nrglcfling to convey.

Id.

Vagrant employed.

494 Vagrants,

i

17G.2. e, 5*

If the examination be falfs.

Vagrant, how puni filed fot it.

Id.

Lunatic vagrants.

Id.

Lodging vagrants*

Vagrant woman delivered.

Child, if a bastard, not settled where born;

place in some work-house or alms-house, the person To conveyed, until he shall betake himself to some service or other employment; and if he shall refuse to work, or not betake himself to some service or other employment, the overseers may cause him to be carried to some justice to be sent to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour.

But if the churchwarden or other person, who shall receive any person so sent, shall think the examination to be false, he may carry the person so sent before a justice, who, if he fee cause, may commit such person to the house of correction till the pext sections; and the justices there, if they fee cause, may deal with such person as an incorrigible rogue; but the person so sent shall not be removed from the place to which he is sent, but by order of two justices, in the same manner as other poor persons are removed to the place of their settlement.

Lunatic vagrants may be apprehended, and kept safely locked up in some secure place within the county, or precind, as two justices shall appoint; and all charges shall be paid by the parish, township, or place, to which such person belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens and overseers for that purpose.

If any person shall knowingly permit any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, to lodge or take (belter in his house, barn, or other out-house or building, and shall not apprehend and carry him before a justice, or give notice to the constable so to do, and shall be convicted thereof by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 10s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress and sale; and if any charge shall be brought on any parish or place, by^means of such offence, the same shall be answered to the said parish or place by such offender, and be levied by distress and faje of his goods as aforesaid; and if sufficient distress cannot be found, such offender shall be committed to the house of correction by the justice, for any time not exceeding one month.

Where any vagrant woman shall be delivered of a child or children, and become chargeable, the churchwardens or overseers may detain such woman in their custody until they can safely convey her to a justice, who shall examine her, and commit her to the house of correction until the next feflior.s 5 who may, if they fee convenient, order her to be publicly whipped, and detained in the house of correction for any further time not exceeding six months. And upon application by the churchwardens and overseers of the plac$ where (he was so delivered, the justices at such sections shall order the treasurer to pay them such a sum, as shall be adjudged a reasonable satisfaction for the charges such place has been put to on such woman's account. And if such woman shall be detained and conveyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which (he is delivered, if a bastard, shall not be settled in the place where so

1

1

LIBRAS

Ni

Vagrants.

i,»

f

r>

I*

t

4

495

l< c. 5.

born, nor be sent thither for want of other settlement, by a 17 G. 2. pass, by virtue of this act; but the settlement of such woman shall be deemed the settlement of such child.

And that it may appear that the overseers have done what Bum, Art. was incumbent upon them, in order to avoid such settlement. Vagrant. it is requisite for the justice (as he ought to do in all other cases Jult,ce wherein he afteth as judge) to make a record of the whole ° *X°~

proceedings before him ; which record (as it seemeth) will be 0 the proper evidence in such case, if the settlement shall afterwards be contested.

tf any constable, or other officer, shall be defective in his Id. duty, in any case for which no punishment is herein before Negligent con-particularly provided ; or if any person shall hinder the exe- ^ovr cution of this act, and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of puni c one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor under 10s. to the poor by distress; and, if sufficient distress cannot be found, shall be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding two months.

To defray the expences of apprehending, conveying, and Id. maintaining rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, and EspeacHof defraying all other expences necessary for the execution of this count* Prate«y aft, not herein before provided for, the justices in sessions may 1 cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as the general county rate.

Any person aggrieved by the act of any justice out of sessions, Id. in or concerning the execution of this act, may appeal to the Power of appeal* next general or quarter-sessions of the county, riding, liberty, or division, giving reasonable notice thereof; whose order thereupon shall be final.

This act, after a recital of 6 G. I. c. 19. empowers justices 17 G. 3. e. n. to commit those vagrants, and other persons charged with Vagrants to small offences, either to the common gaol, or to any house of ga°l <>r hou*« correction, within their respective jurisdictions, as to fuchjuf- corrc ,on* tices shall seem most proper, whom by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, they are, or shall be authorized to commit to the common gaol.

This act requires that rogues or vagabonds ordered to be Vagrants con-conveyed by pafifes, agreeable to the 17 G. 2. c. 5, commonly fined forseven called the Vagrant Act, be publicly whipt or confined in a days, house of correction, until the next general or quarter-sessions, or for any such less time as the justice of the peace shall think proper; provided that such less time shall be at the least for the space of seven days, and that fijeh justice of the peace shall certify, in the pass by which such person shall be ordered to be conveyed, that such person has been actually publicly whipt, or confined in the house of correction for at least the space of seven days; No person shall be so whipt or imprisoned, and conveyed by a pass as a rogue or vagabond, who shall not have committed an act of vagrancy within the true

intent

496

3z<7. 3 c. 56. Pass to such only as have committed acts of vagrancy. When reward may be paid to constable.

No female whipped.

ConvI-ft may be passed«

Prisoner acquitted or discharged by proclamation

may be passed

without fee.

Who may he appointed to convey.

Vagrants may be conveyed to the nearest house of correction*

Vagrants.

intent and meaning of the said act, and who shall not have been convicted thereof.

No ju (lice of the peace shall order any reward to be paid to any constable or other person for apprehending any rogue or vagabond, until such rogue or vagabond shall have been punished as hereby directed, and until the examination required by the aforesaid act be actually transmitted to the next general or quarter-sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

No female vagabond shall be whipt in any case whatsoever. Any of his Majesty's judges at the assizes, and the justices, at the general or quarter-sessions, or any justice of the peace, is and are hereby impowered to order, whenever he or they shall think proper, any convict,' upon his discharge from pri-son? to be conveyed by pass under hand and seal, in manner and form directed by the act 17 G. 2. c. 5. and according to the provisions therein contained; and the judge, justices, or justice aforesaid, is or are also empowered to convey by pass any person who shall be acquitte'd at the assizes, or general or quarter-sessions, or discharged by proclamation or otherwise, who shall of himself or herself, or by any other person in his or her behalf, apply to the court whereat he or she has been acquitted or discharged, or to any justice of the peace, to be conveyed as aforesaid ; and the judge, justices, or justice aforesaid, shall certify in such pass that the person so conveyed was discharged from prison, or a person acquitted, or otherwise discharged, at the assizes or sessions, as the case may be; and such convict, or person acquitted or discharged, shall pay no fee whatever for such pass.

The present mode of conveying vagrants in the custody of a constable being frequently inefficient, from the misconducc and negligence of constables, the justices of the peace, at the general or quarter-sessions held for any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, division, or liberty, or any adjournment thereof, shall be empowered to make an order that all rogues and vagabonds apprehended in their respective counties, ridings, cities, &c. and who are ordered to be conveyed by pass, shall be conveyed by the mailer of the house of correction or his servants, or by a constable, as such justices at thegeneialor quarter-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall think proper; and such justices shall also be empowered to make an order, if they think proper, that all constables to whom rogues or vagabonds brought from another county, riding, city, &c. are delivered, shall forthwith convey such rogues and vagabonds to the neared house of correction in their county, riding, city, &c. to be afterwards forwarded by the mailer of the house of correction, or his servants, as aforesaid, and according to the provisions of the said act of 17 G. 2. c. 5.

Justices at general or quarter-sessions shall and may direct what rates shall be allowed for passing, conveying, and maintaining rogues and vagabonds, within their respective limits

and

Orjgiralfi L 3R

^.oogie

Vagrants.

» / 4. ' 1 ' .* s

and jurisdictions; which rates, allowances, orders, rules, and directions, shall from time to time be observed and submitted to by all justices of the peace, condables, officers, and other persons within the said limits and jurisdictions respectively.

Soldiers and mariners, wandering and begging, are to be deemed vagabonds, within the meaning of the vagrant act.

If it shall be made appear to any two justices of the peace, that any poor person shall not use proper means to get employment, or, if he is able to work, by his neglect of work, or by spending his money in ale houses or places of bad repute, or in any other improper manner, shall not apply a proper proportion of the money earned by him towards the maintenance of his wife and family, by which wilful default or neglect they, or any of them, shall become chargeable to their parish or township, he shall be considered as an idle and disorderly person, and be subject to such punishment, and in such manner, a9 is directed for idle and disorderly persons by the aforesaid act, 17 G. 2. c. 5.

Warrant.

IF a justice fee a felony or other breach of the peace committed in his presence, he may, in his own person, apprehend the felon ; and so he may by word command any person to apprehend him, and such command is a good warrant without writing; but if the same be done in his absence, then he mud issue his warrant in writing.

There seems to be no doubt, but that a warrant may be law-fully granted by any justice, for treason, felony, or praemunire, or any other offence against the peace: Also it seems clear, that wherever a statute gives to any one justice a jurisdiction over any offence, or a power to require any person to do a certain thing ordained by such statute, it by implication gives a power to every such justice to make out a warrant to bring before him any person accused of such offence, or compellable to do the thing ordained by such statute; for it cannot but be intended, that a statute giving a person jurisdiction over an offence, doth mean also to give him the power incident to all courts of compelling the parry to come before him.

But in cases where the king is no party, or where no corporal punishment is appointed, as in cases for servants* wages, and the like, it seemeth that a summons is the more proper process ; and for default of appearance, the justice may proceed ; and so indeed oftentimes it is directed by special statutes.

It is convenient, though not always necessary, that the party who demands the warrant be first examined on oath, touching

Sff the

497

/'

32 G, 3* e. 45* Rates for passing, conveying, & c.

Soldiers and mariners wandering and begging.

Person neglecting to find employment, and spending earnings, not maintaining his family, considered as vagrant.

2 H. H. 86. Justices's power in cases of felony*

2 Haw*

When a warranC may be granted.

Justice's powers to grant warrant.

Burn, in locum % Summons in certain cases.

1 H. H. 5*2.

2 H. H. in Warrant on oath.

498

Id.

Place, where made.

Id.

To whom di-ie&ed.

Warrant.

Halt, e. 169. Bound over to give evidence*

2 H. II. 107.

2 H. II. 80. Persons fuffedkd of felony.

2 7/^jw. 8 5* Warrant on sufficient grounds.

L. Rayiri. 1192. 2 381.

1 f no name n^entioned, to the constable.

Halt. c. 169. a II. 85.

2 //. H. hi. Warrant to contain the special cause.

2 II. H. 582.

the whole matter whereupon the warrant is demanded, and that examination put in writing.

Or at least it is safe to bind him over to give evidence ; left afterwards when the offender shall be apprehended, or shall surrender himself, the party that procured the warrant be gone.

A justice hath power to issue a warrant to apprehend a person suspected of felony. For the justices are judges of the reasonableness of the suspicion, and when they have examined the party acculing, touching the reasons of his suspicion, if they find the causes of suspicion to be reasonable, it is now become the j uHices* suspicion as well as his.

Yet insomuch as justices claim this power rather by connivance, than any express warrant of law, and ftnce the undue execution of it may prove so highly prejudicial to the reputation as well as the liberty of the party, a justice cannot well be too tender in his proceedings of this kind, and seems to be punishable not only at the suit of the king, but also of the party grieved, if he grant any such warrant, without such probable cause as might induce a candid and impartial man to suspect the party to be guilty.

It is safe, but perhaps not necessary, in the body of the warrant to shew the place where it was made 5 yet it seems necessary to set forth the county, in the margin at least, if it be not set forth in the body.

It may be directed to the sheriff, bailiff, constable, or to any indifferent person by name who is no officer ; for the justice may authorize any one to be his officer, whom he pleases to make such; yet it is most adviseable to direct it to the constable of the precinct wherein it is to be executed, for that no other constable, and a fortion no private person is compellable to serve it.

In the case of an act of parliament, if the act directeth that a justice shall grant a warrant, and doth not say to whom it shall be directed, by consequence of law it must be directed to the constable, and it cannot be directed to the sheriff, unless such power is given in the act.

The warrant, especially if it be for the peace or good behaviour, or the like, where sureties are to be found or required, ought to contain the special cause and matter whereupon it is granted, to the intent the party upon whom it is to be served may provide his sureties, and take them with him to the justice to be bound for him ; but if the warrant be for treason, murder, or felony, or other capital offence, the warrant of the justice may be to bring the party before him, to make answer to such things or matters generally, as shall be objected against him on the king's behalf.

The warrant may issue to bring the party before the justice who granted the warrant speciallyt and then the officer is bound to bring him before the same justice; but if the warrant

be

Warrant. 499

be to bring him before any justice, then it is in the ele£lion of 2

the officer to bring him before what justice of the county he or

(the officer) thinks fit, and not in the election of the prisoner. just*™*

Finally, it ought to be under the hand and seal of the juf- % Haw. 85* tice who makes it out. Under hand and

If any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued, shall escape out of the jurisdiction of the justice granting the war- J* another* rant; any justice for the county or place, where such person jurisdiction. shall so escape or be, upon proof on oath of the hand-writing of the justice granting such warrant, shall indorse his name warrant i*-thereon; which shall be a sufficient authority to the person dorfed. bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom the same was originally -directed, to execute the same in such other county or place; and to carry the offender before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of that county, if the offence be bailable, and the offender be ready to give bail for his appearance at.the next assizes or sessions for the county Gr place where the offence was committed; and such justice or justices shall take bail accordingly, and shall deliver the recognizance together with the examination or Ball to be take/?, confession of the offender, and all other proceedings relating thereto, to the constable or other person, who shall (on pain of iol. to him who shall sue) deliver over the same to the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, where the offender is required '

to appear. And if the offence is not bailable, or he shall not give bail to the satisfaction of the justice before whom he is brought, the constable or other person shall carry the offender offender com-before a justice of the proper county or place where the offence mitied. was committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

The form of which Indorsement may be thus:

* m

FORASMUCIJ as proof upon oath hath been made before me, porm 0fin-one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the dorfcn^efif, county of that the name A. B. is of the band-writing of the justice of the peace within mentioned: I do hereby authorise C\ D. who bringeth me this warrant, and all other persons to whom the said warrant is dire died, to execute the same within the said county of . Given under my hand, the day of in the year

And the justice may further order (if he thinks fit) the Burn, in locum* party, according as he shall appear bailable or not bailable upon the face of the warrant, to be brought before himself or u er u' cn° some other justice or justices of that county, or to be carried back into the county from whence the warrant did issue.

S ff 2

fratcfi


5°°

Watch and Ward.

Dalt. c. 104. Difference between watch and ward.

Dalt. c. 159. "Watchman's duty.

I

5 An* c» 31.

Jf killed^ executors rewarded.

WATCHING is properly intended of the night, and warding for the day-time; and both ought to be by men able of body, and sufficiently weaponed.

If a watchman take any for suspicion of felony, he may deliver such persons to the constable, or may convey them to a justice, to be examined, and to be bound over or committed until they be acquitted in due manner.

If a watchman be killed in endeavouring to apprehend a burglar, his executors shall be entitled to 40I. reward.

Weights and Measures.

8 H. 6. ei 5.

Standard

weights.

}By whom examined.

i* *

Penalty.

16 C. Cm 19.

None to buy or fell but by marked //eights.

Two justice may hear and determine.

Iff.

Before on$ justice.

A STANDARD of weights and measures is to be kept in market towns, at which balance all the inhabitants may freely weigh without paying any thing; and justices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, and Rewards of franchises, may esquire of offenders again# this ordinance, and do execution of them that be found faulty.

The mayors, and other head officers in market towns, shall twice a year, or oftner, cause all weights and measures within the same to be brought before them, and examined ; and such as they find defective, to be broken and burnt; and the offender shall forfeit to the mayor or other officer, for the fir# time, 6s. 8d. for the second time, 13s. 4d. and for the third time, 20s. and be set on the pillory*

No merchant, or other person or persons within any city or market town, shall buy or fell with any weight or measure, except it be marked and signed, as directed by this act ; nor any other person or persons, out of the said, cities, boroughs, and market towns, except it be like and equal with the said (landard.

Two justices (j (£.) have authority, as well by examination as by enquiry, to hear and determine the defaults of the said mayors, bailiffs, pr other head officers, in that behalf; and also of all buyers and fellers doing contrary to this present act and ordinance, and to set fines and amerciaments upon the offenders by their discretion ; and the said weights and measures so found defective, to be forfeited and burnt.

By this act, there shall be but one weight, one measure, and one yard, according to the standard of the exchequer, throughout all the realm, as well in places privileged as without. And whosoever shall fell by or keep any other weight, measure, or yard, than as aforesaid, whereby any corn, grain, or other thing is bought or sold, shall forfeit, for every such offence, 5s. on conviction before one justice, or mayor, on oath of one yyitneis; to be levied by the churchwardens and Overseers, or

some

1

Weights and Measures.

t

501

In default *6 C. c. ig.

some of them, to the use of the poor, by distress. of distress, imprisonment till paid.

But after all. Dr. Burn observes, notwithstanding the pu- uJ*. 7. c.4. rudiments aforesaid, appointed by datute, for felling by false weights and measures; yet the same is also an offence at the Indj^ab,cat common law, and consequently may be punished by indict- commooiaw. znent, fine and imprisonment.

Windows.

THOUGH, in the execution of this act, a justice of the peace as such is not concerned, yet it may not be amiss to point out a few particulars which may often come under his cognizance as a commissioner appointed to act under it.

By this act, from Sept. 15, 1784, all duties on tea dial 1 cease; but a duty of 12I. 10s. per cent, shall be paid for all tea delivered by the company to the purchasers thereof; to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be fold.

By this act also, from Oft. 10, 1784, the following additional duties shall be paid for all inhabited houses in Great-jBritain:

For every dwelling-house hitherto rated at 3s.

in future, -

Having 7 windows, an addition of - -

8 ditto - -

9 ditto - 1-

10 ditto -

Ii ditto - -

12 ditto

13 ditto - -

14 ditto -

15 ditto - -

16 ditto - -

17 ditto -

18 ditto -

19 ditto - -

20 ditto -

21 ditto - -

Having 22 ditto -

23 ditto -

24 ditto - -

25 to 29 windows ditto -

30 — 34 ditto -

35 — 39 ditto 40 — 44 ditto *-

45 — 49 ditjo *

I 1 s. d.

0 6 0

0 6 0

0 8 0

0 10 6

0 13 0

0 15 6

0 18 0

1 1 0

I 5 0

I 10 0

I *5 0

2 0 0

2 5 0

2 10 0

2 *5 0

3 0 0

3 5 0

3 10 0

3 *5 0

4 0 0

4 10 0

5 0 0

5 10 0

6 0 0

Windows.

Commisti oner'i

24 G. 3 .JtJ. Zm

r. 38.

Duties on tea to cease.

Id.

Duties for inhabited houfote

I

502

*4 G* 3U

€. *8.

Windows.

Id.

Only twohoutea to be paid for.

Id. *

Duties In addition to former ones.

Id.

A fle Aments certified. Surcharges certified.

Days of appeal.

Id.

Duties paid <j uarteily.

Id.

Charged on occupier. Who aie exempted.

50 54 ditto

55 — 59 ditto 60 — 64 ditto 65 -r- 69 ditto 70 — 74 ditto 75 — 79 ditto 80 — 84 ditto 85 — 89 ditto 90 — 94 ditto 95 — 99 ditto 100 — 109 ditto 110 — 119 ditto 120 — 129 ditto 130 — 139 ditto 140 — 149 ditto 150 — 159 ditto 160 — 169 ditto 170 — 179 ditto 180 and upwards

6

7

7

8 8

9

9

10

10

11

12

13

H

15

16

17

18

*9

20

10

o

10

o

10

o

IO

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

N. B. If the number of windows exceeds 25, the old tax is after the rate of 2s. per window, let the number be what it may. But the ne<w tax (lops at 1805 twenty pounds being the utmost sum chargeable by 24 G. 3. c. 38.

Any person occupying more than two houses, is liable to pay only for those two, which have the greatest number of windows; of which, if charged to any other, he shall deliver in to the collector a declaration in writing ; to be by him delivered over to the surveyor of the district. Any person not paying for two such houses, forfeits 50I.

All the above rates and duties are charged in addition to those charged by 6 G. 3. c. 38. and 19 G. 3. c. 59, being both for granting duties upon houses, &c.

The assessments are to be made for raising these duties front Oft. 10, 1784, to April 5, 1785, to be certified by the affeffors, and returned to the of on or before Dec. 3,

1784. And the surveyors shall certify their surcharges for raising the said duties for the said two quarters to the said of, on or before Feb. 20, 1785. And all appeals shall and may be heard and determined between March 6,

1785, and April 4, 1785. And from and after the 5th day of April, 1785, the duties shall be annually assessed for one whole year.

The said duties shall be paid quarterly in England on the four usual quarterly days of payment, viz. Jan. 6, April 5, July 5, Oct. 10. The first to be on Jan. 5, 1785. In Scotland, on or before March 25, and on or before Sept. 29. x

The said duties are to be charged on the occupier, not on the landlord : And such as are exempted from the actual payment of church and poor rates, shall not be liable to this duty.

The

' Windows.

The monies arising from this act are to be paid into the ex-

chequer by the receiver-general of thecudoms; and if there is any surplus in one quarter above 87,1361. 16s. 8£d. it shall be paid to the receiver-general of excise.

Commissioners and assessors under former acts relating to the duties on houses and windows, shall be of and affeflorsfor executing this act, and shall meet on or before Oft. 11, 1784; or if not then, they may meet and execute this act at any other time.

If no assessors shall be appointed, surveyors may do their duty, who twice a year are to make a surcharge of houses omitted or undercharged.

Where houses are let in different tenements, the landlord shall be deemed the occupier.

Every chamber or apartment in the inns of court shall be subject to these duties, as if it were an entire house.

Houses occupied by the Royal family, warehouses, hospi-tals, charity schools, houses for the poor, except the apartments occupied by the officers or house-servants thereof, are t exempt from the said duties.*

No person is to gain a settlement by payment of these rates.

K All houses shall be deemed uninhabited, unless they shall be inhabited by the owner, servants, or tenants, b Commissioners are not to act till they have taken the oaths t- of office, and of allegiance, on pain of forfeiting 200I. and in

U Scotland on penalty of 20I.

\y The qualification of of within the city of Lon-if don, St. Martin le Grand, and the city and liberty of Wed-minder, shall be 2000I. at lead.

Hi Every person intending to appeal, shall give ten days notice fc to the assessors; and the determination of the of shall be final.

All condables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other his & Majesty's officers, shall be aiding and affiding in the execu-c) tion of this act, and in executing such precepts and warrants

5? as shall be directed to them by any three or mere commissioners.

Wines.

it TT^ROM Oft. 10, 1792, no person shall fell wine by retail,

J:, JP to be drawn in his house, except such person and persons

0 only to whom a licence shall have been granted by justices of the peace, or other officers, to fell ale, beer, and other liquors \t in the same house or houses respectively; and the several juf*

f\

gi Ambassadors from foreign courts are also exempted j but the law no

where fays, whether or no the owner of the house shall, in that cale, be liable to the duties.

tices

5° 3

*4 G. 3. fejf. a. c. 83.

Money, where paid.

U.

Who to execute this act.

Id.

Surveyors to act as assessors.

Id.

Different tenements.

Id.

Chambers in inns of court. Houses exempt.

Id;

No settlement gained.

Id.

What hoofea not rateable.

Id.

Oaths to be taken.

Id.

Qualification of of.

Id.

Notice of appeal. Id.

Constables, &c. to be aiding.

32 G. 3; c. 59. Justices to licence retaileia of wine.

5°4

3* G. 3. 59.

Jo^ict % ' jurisdiction the same a* over ale* housej.

Pemltles for vulicensed re* taller* of wine, the same aa for onlicensed ale-fellers.

General issue.

Vintner of London,

Uni verities,

St. Alban's wine taverns exeiryted.

Onty freemen of vintners by pa-tiimony or ap-pienticelh'p exempted.

*7 C. 3. e. 29. Who competent to give evidence.

Wines.

tices of the peace, and all other officers, in and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and are hereby impowered and authorized to have and exercise the same jurisdictioni, powers, and authorities over such retailers of foreign or British-made wines or sweets, who shall fell the same to be drank in his, her, or their house or houses, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, as aforesaid, as they now have or exercise, over persons liceufed to fell ale, beer, and other liquors, by any ffa-tute whatsoever; and if any person or persons shall fell or cause to be sold by retail as aforesaid, any foreign or British made wines or sweets, to be drank in his, her, or their house or houses, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, without having a licence to fell ale, beer, and other liquors in the same house or place, every such person or persons shall forfeit, for every such offence, the penalties inflicted on persons for felling ) ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, without a licence, to be adjudged, recovered, and applied, as by the said act is directed.

If any person shall be prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue j and if a verdict shall be passed for the defendant, or the plaintiff be nonsuited, such defendant shall have treblecofts.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to any of the vintners of the city of London 5 or to any person licensed by the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the two universities, or to any person who shall keep one of the three several wine taverns within the borough of St. Alban's, in the county of Hertford, licensed by the mayor and burgess thereof, by certain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for and towards the maintenance of the free school there.

No person, who, from and after the 10th of Oft. 1792, shall be admitted to the freedom of the said company of vintners of the city of London, by redemption only, shall be exempted from the obligation of obtaining a licence to retail ale, beer, and other liquors, to be granted in manner aforesaid, but the freemen only of the said company, who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who, from and after the said 10th day of October, 1792, shall be admitted to their freedom in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, shall be entitled to such exemption.

Witnesses.

FROM Aug- I, 1787, the inhabitants shall be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission of any offence within the limits of any parish, township, or place, notwithstanding the penalty incurred by such offence, or any part thereof, is or may be given

or

1

Witnesses.

iij

r

it

it

a.'

l>

V

I

v

f

k

k

K

d

n

5° 5

or applicable to the poor of such parish, town ship, or place, or *7 G* 3* c* *9 otherwise, for the benefit or use, or in aid of exoneration of such parish, township, or place, provided the penalty or penalties to be recovered do not exceed the sura of twenty pounds.

Women.

IF any person shall unlawfully and carnally know and abuse ,g £/. c. y.

any woman child under the age of ten years, he shall be Unlawful com-guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. merce with.

The marriage of any person under the age of 21, without Qt a.r. 33a the consent of parents or guardians, shall be null and void. Minor's mar-The judgment against a woman, in case of high treason, is riage void, not the same as against a man traitor, to be hanged, cut down a Haw* 144# alive, have the bowels taken out, and the body quartered; but to be drawn to the place of execution, and there "burned:

And this also is the judgment against a woman, in case of petit treason ; whereas the judgment against a man for petit treason is, that he shall be hanged: But in case of felony, the judgment is the same against both man and woman, to be hanged by the neck till dead.

Wood.

I » 7 *

EVERY person, who shall rob any orchards or gardens, or break or cut any hedge, pales, rails, or fence; or dig, or pull up, or take up any fruit tree orcrees in any orchard, garden, or elsewhere ; or shall cut or spoil any woods or underwoods, poles, or trees (landing; every such person, his procurers and receivers, knowing the same, being thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, shall give to the party such recompence, and within such time as the said justice shall appoint; and the same to be only for the first fault; and if such offender shall be thought by the justice not able, or do not make such recompence, then he shall commit him to the constable where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be whipped.

The constable, or any other person, may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, every person he shall suspect, having or carrying any burden of any kind of wood ; and by warrant of one justice, such officer shall have power to enter into and searchf the houses, or other places belonging to the houses of , t . *. ' { r ' ' - '»' i

N. B. This burning, to the honour of British humanity, is no longer suffered.

J* See Appendix, No* io*.

T t t

43 El. e. 7. Stealers of wood and receivers.

To pay or be commuted.

15 C. 2. c. 2 %

Suspe&ed per* Tons carrying wood, to be apprehended.

I

every

5°6

15 C. 2. C, 7*

To give *n ic-

count of it*

How puntlhed.

% + i *'

Second offence.

JW.

Within six weeks.

Bayers of wood.

1 £.2. <*. 48.

6 (?. c, 16. Destroying wood, fences, &c.

How punUBed.

Wood.

every person he shall suspect to have any kind of wood, and where he shall find any«such, to apprehend the persons suspected of cutting and taking the same: and to carry before one justice as well those apprehended carrying, as those in whose houses or other places the same shall be found. And if such person do not then and there give a good account how he came by the same, he shall be convicted of cutting and spoiling the same, and punished as by the act 43 EL and further by this act is appointed, /. e. he shall, for the first offence, give the owner such recompence or satisfaction for damages, and within such time, as the justice shall appoint and over and above pay down presently to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum,f not exceeding 10s. as the j.ufHcc shall think meet; and if he do not make such recompence, and also pay the said sum to the poor, the said justice shall commit}: him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, or he shall be whipped by the constable. And if he shall again commit the said offence, and be thereof convicted as before, he shall be sent to the house of correction for one month, and be there kept to hard labour. And if he shall again commit the said offence, and be thereof convicted as before, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

But no person shall be punished by this act, unless he be questioned in six weeks after the offence committed.

Whosoever shall buy any burdens of wood, which may be justly suspected to have been stolen, one justice, on complaint in six weeks, may examine the matter on oath ; and may award the party who bought the same to pay treble value to him from whom it was unlawfully taken ; and in default of present payment, may issue his warrant to levy the same by distress, and in default of distrfefs, may commit the party to gaol at his own charge, there to remain one month without bail.

If any offender shall wrongfully and maliciously cut down, delhoy, deface, spoil, or carry away, any wood, or underwood ; or throw down any hedges, gates, or inclosures of woods, fruit trees, or other trees two justices, or the justices in sessions, on complaint made by any inhabitant of such parish or place, or by the owner of the wood, or by any other, may cause the offender to be apprehended, and hear and determine the offence; and on conviction, shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for three* months ; and where there is no house of correction, then to the county prison for four months; and shall also order the offender to be publicly whipped by the mailer of such house of correction once every month, during such three months, in the borough or corporation in which the fact was committed^

or in the market-town where such house of correction stands,

f See Appendix, No. 103. J Sec Appendix, Nc. X04.

/ of

Wood.

Wood. 507

or in the market-town next adjacent to such house of correc- *>(7.r. ,6.# tion in the same county, on the market-day, between the ,c" ,f>* hours of eleven and two. And where there is no house of p correction, the said justices shall order him to be whipped by the common hangman once a month, during such four months, on the market-day of such borough, or on the market-day of some town, between the hours of eleven and two. Aik! before he shall be discharged, he shall find sufficien-t sureties for his good behaviour for two years.

If any person shall unlawfully cut, take, destroy, break, 29c.2tf, throw down, deface, spoil, or carry away, any tree growing Trees growing # in any wade, wood, or pasture, in which any person hath right *n waite, wood, of common, he shall be in like manner convicted, and incur &c* the like penalty, as by the 1 G. ft. 2. c. 48.

Every person who shall wilfully cut or breakdown, lop, 6(7. 3. r. 48. top, or otherwise deface, damage, spoil, or destroy, or carry T,mber tre«, away any timber tree or trees, or trees likely to become timber, damaged^ or any part thereof, or the lops or tops thereof, without the consent of the owner (or in any of his Majesty's forests or chafes, without the consent of the surveyor or his deputy), and shall be thereof convicted, on the oath of one witness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 20I. together with the charges of conviction, to be ascertained by such justice; on non-payment thereof, to be com-i mitted by such justice to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid ; for the second offence, to forfeit not exceeding 30I. together with the charges as aforesaid j on non-payment, to be committed as aforesaid for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid: And if any person shall be guilty of a like offence a third time, and shall be thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of felony, and the court before whom he shall be tried shall have authority to transport him for seven years. And all oak, beech, chesnut, walnut. What trees ash, elm, cedar, fir, afp, lime, sycamore, and birch trees (and deemed timber, also poplar, alder, larch, maple, and hornbeam), shall be ,3G*3*C* 33* deemed timber trees within the meaning of this act.

Every person who shall pluck up, spoil, destroy, take, or 6(7. 3. r. 4S. carry away, any root, shrub, or plant, out of the fields, nur- plants

series, woods, or gardens, of any person without the consent 0 e up* of the owner, and shall be thereof .convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 40s. with the charges of conviction, and if not paid immediately, shall be committed to the house of correction for one month, to be kept to hard labour, and once Penalty, whipped there : For the second offence, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. ^ogetker with the charges as aforesaid ; Jf not paid immediately, then to be committed to the house of cor-restion for three months, to be kept to hard labour, and

T t t 2 whipped

b'

5°8

Wood.

9 G. 3. f.41.

Cutting his Majesty's woods*

How punished.

6 G* 3* e» 4* Who to punish.

Penalties) how distributed.

Penalty on preventing offender's punishment.

whipped there once in every of the said months; and for a third offence, he shall be punished as above.

Every person who shall go into the woods of any of his Majesty's subjects, not being the lawful owner thereof, and shall there cut, spoil, or otherwise destroy, any kind of wood, or carry or convey the same away ; or shall, by night or day, cut down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any hollies, thorns, or quicksets, growing in any of his Majesty's forests or chafes, or within the woods or wood grounds of any of his Majesty's subjects, or shall have in his custody any kind of wood, or young trees, or any such hollies, thorns, or quicksets, as aforesaid, and shall not give a satisfaClory account how he came by the same, before one or more justices of the peace, he shall, for the two first offences, be punished, as in the last case; and being duly convicted of a third offence, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue, and punished as such.

And his Majesty's justices of the peace of the respective places where any of the said offences shall be committed, shall put this act in execution.

The said forfeitures to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the person aggrieved.

And if any person shall hinder, or attempt to prevent, the feizingor securing any person employed in carrying away any such timber or other trees, he shall forfeit iol. to him who shall convict such offender : If not paid immediately on conviction, the justice before whom he shall be convicted shall coipmit him to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding six calendar months.

The conviction to be written on parchment or paper, in the following form, or to the like effeCl:

Form of con- ? BE */ remembered, that on the day of

viCliun. i in the year , A. B. was, upon the complaint of C. D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for , in purfuarice of an act passed in the sixth year

[or the ninthyear\ of the reign of his Majesty king George the third, for (as the case shall be).

Given under hand andfeal, the day and year above-

written.

To be certified and filed.

3-2 13 C. z.

c. 7.

Destroying plantations by night.

The which conviction shall be certified to the next sessions, there to be filed amongst the records.

If any person shall in the night-time maliciously destroy any plantations of trees, or throw down any inclosures, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages : And three justices (1 £>f) may esquire thereof, in six months, as well by a jury, as by examination of witnesses on oath, or by any lawful ways, which to them shall seem meet.

Every

Wood

Every person who shall, in the night-time, lop, top, burn, or otherwise spoil, or carry away any oak , beech, or other tree, {landing for timber, or likely to become timber, without the consent of the owner thereof; or shall, in the nighttime, pluck up, break, spoil, or destroy, any root, shrub, or plant, of the value of 5s. growing in the garden-ground, nur-fiery, or other inclosed ground of any person ; or shall be aiding or afliding therein ; or shall buy or receive such root, shrub, or plant, knowing the same to be dolen, shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years

If any person shall maliciously set on fire any wood, coppice, or any part thereof, he shall be guilty of felony.

See also Black Act, 9 G. c. 22.

Where the inhabitants of any parish or townftijp shall be willing to acquire a right of inclosure of wades for the employment and benefit of their poor, they may (by the consent and direction of the major part of the inhabitants assembled at a vedry or public meeting to be held for that purpose, public notice thereof in the church being frrlt given on three Sundays before) pay the recompence for the same, and the charges ofinclosing and preserving such grounds out of the pocr-rate ; and shall apply the profit from the sale of such timber or underwood, towards the relief of the poor.

Note, here is no allowance for the charges of planting.

The agreement for such inclosure shall be in writing, and signed by the parties, and within three months after the execution thereof be enrolled by the clerk of the peace where the greater part of such wades, woods, or padures shall lie.

Persons aggrieved by such agreement, may within six months after the enrollment, appeal to the sessions, whose determination shall be final.

It shall be lawful for every surveyor of his Majesty's woods, and his lawful deputy, besides the penalties for destroying the trees or underwood, to seize and take away for his own use, any saw, ax, hatchet, billhook, or other indrument, used by any person whom they shall find unlawfully docking up, (awing, cutting down, topping, lopping, or destroying, any timber tree, or other tree, underwood, or covert, within such fored or chafe.

No person shall carry any wood out of the realm without lawful authority so to do, on pain that the owner of the ship shall forfeit the ship and tackle ; the owner of the wood double value of the wood; and the maders and mariners all their goods, and be imprisoned for a year.

And if any person shall obtain a royal licence to transport wood, and shall carry more than is contained in his licence, he shall forfeit treble value, and be imprisoned for a year.

The said forfeitures to be half to the king, and half to him who shall sue in any court of record ; moreover, all and singular the justices of the peace, within three years after any offence committed, may hear and determine the same by a jury.

Wool

5°9

6 G. 3. c. 36. Spoiling timber trees by night.

Felony/

1 G. ft. 2. c 4S. Setting coppice on fire.

29 G. 2. i. 36. lmlofure of wades for the poor.

j

Burb.

29 G. 2. c. 36. Agreement to be cancelled.

id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal.

4 G. 3. c. 31.

Saws, axes, &c# may be taken from od'enderf.

i Gf a P.& M. 5*

Wood carried out of the realm*

Id.

Licence not to be executed.

Id.

Application of forfeitures.


510 Wool Combing in Suffolk.

s4 yfcJF'

c. 3.

Meeting of wool combers*

Inspectors licensed and appointed.

If

with proper Salaries.

id.

Inspector's duty

and authority.

Penalty on false ceeiing.

id.

A^ent refusing tc dvTcover of-iz ndere.

BY this act, which is almod a literal copy of an act of 17 G. 3. c. 11, for Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Cheshire, the manufacturers of combing wool, &c. in the county of Suffolk, are required to hold a general meeting on the second Tuesday in Augud after passing this act, at Stow-market, in the said county, notice being given in the papers, and there having chosen a chairman, shall appoint a committee of 15 persons, who are hereby authorized to nominate and recommend two or more proper persons to be licensed by the justices for the county of Suffolk, at their quarter-sessions, to be inspectors of worded yarn within the said county. And the justices are hereby empowered to license and appoint such persons of good character in the said county, as shall be recommended by the said committee, or any five of them.

The inspectors may be dationed, with proper salaries, where the committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, and may be displaced, or dismissed, as the said committee shall think proper.

The inspectors are to use diligence to bring offenders to punishment, by lodginginformations against such offenders, before the proper jndice or justices of the peace, and prosecuting them toconviction. To this end, they may demand entrance into the house or (hop of any person employed to put out wool to be spun within the said county of Suffolk ; and any person refusing such admittance, shall forfeit not more than 10I. nor iefs than $1. as such judice or justices shall think proper.

If any person employed in combing wool, or in (pinning, reding, winding, or weaving worded yarn in the county of Suffolk, shall be convicted before any one or more judice or justices for the said county, upon the oath of the owner of the yarn or wool, or of the inspector or inspectors, or any one credible witness, of false reeling the said worded yarn. See. such offender shall be subject to the penalties of former acts, so far as they are unrepealed, viz. for the fird offence, to forfeit and pay not more than 20s. nor less than 5s.; for the second offence, not more than 5I. nor less than 40s. ; for the third, and every other offence, to be committed to the house of correction, to hard labour for one calendar month, and to be publicly whipped at the neared market-town on a market-day. — And the penalties shall be distributed by the condable in the presence 2nd under the direction of the said inspector, amongd the poor of the parish where such offence was committed.

Any agent refusing to discover persons guilty of reeling falseyarn, being lawfully convicted of such refusal before any judice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit 5s. for every pound so falsely reeled, that shall be found in his, her, or their custody. The goods of the husband (his wife so offending) shall fee liable to distress and sale.

Upon

YO^PUBLIC UBFU

Wool Combing in Suffolk.

51 *

Upon the death or removal of inspectors, the justices, in *4 their sessions for Suffolk, may appoint others, with equal 3* fcftor,g

P°^erS- . r A A ,fr J r . n. . dcathoPrCre!rg

If any mspector mail screen an offender from justice, it may moral.

be lawful for a justice or justices to commit such inspector to Id.

the house of correction, or other public prison, for the space InTpeftor

r , 1 1 Orwnino an

of one month.

The justice or justices shall cause the conviction to be made out in manner and form following:

screening ao offender.

Form of eon-ridtion.

Be it remembered, that on the day of in the

year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before me [or zzj]

of his Majesty's jufliees of the peace for [specifying the

offence, and the place, and that it was the first, second, or third offence against this act.] Given under my hand andfeal [or our hands and seals] the day and year aforesaid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions. Power of appeal

s

c

c

Lb

n

$i

!3

t

Li

IB

a

Woollen Manufacture.

IF any officer, in seizing wool, or endeavouring to apprehend offenders, be beaten or killed, or the wool seized be rescued, the hundred shall answer damages , as in cases of robbery, not exceeding 40I. for any beating, nor 2Q0L for loss of the wool; and shall pay 100I. to the executor or administrator of such person killed ; provided that notice of the offence be given to, or left at the house of, some constable near the place, as speedily as conveniently may be, describing the offender , time, and place; and also in four days, to two inhabitants near; and in eight days, oath be made before a justice, whether the party knows the offender, and if he does, entering into recognizance to prosecute; and in twenty days, like notice be given in the Gazette; and 100L bond, with two sureties, be given before the sheriff, to the high constable, to pay costs, if cast; and provided that an offender is not convicted in six months ; and that the action be commenced within a year.

And if any person shall be maimed or grievously wounded in apprehending such offender, he shall have moreover a further reward of 50I. to be paid by the of of the customs or excise.

And the executors or administrators of such person killed, shall have from them iool. over and above what is paid by the hundred.

For the better discovery of the deceitful working of woollen cloth, two justices, on information of any one of his knowledge or suspicion of such offence, may grant their warrant to

call

9 & ioJT. 5.

c. 4 o«

19 G. 2. c. 34* Officer beaten or killed in seizing wool.

Notice to be given to prosecute offender.

with sureties ta pay costs, if cast.

Persons maimed to be rewarded.

Executors rewarded.

21 J. c. 18. Justice's conduct to di (cover offender.

zed b)

512

ax J. c» 18.

How to be punished.

4 Ed. 4. c. I.

Double ria 1 age to the party grieved. *

43 £/. f. 10. Overseers appointed to fee the itatocea observed.

39 Ei. r. 20. Penalty on refusing to be overseer. id.

Penalty on* denying learch.

Id.

Appication of peoalt es.

*3 G* 3- *5

Company of

dyers not appointing fear the; s»

Woollen Manufacture.

before them any person that shall be thought fit to discover any such offence, and examine that person on oath ; and if it be found, by two witnesses, or confession, they shall certify the same under their hands and seals to the churchwardens and overseers; who shall, upon such certificate, and by warrant of such justices, levy the penalty by distress; in default of distress, the offender to be committed to gaol till paid.

Every fuller, deceitfully impairing the cloth, shall yield to the party grieved double damage: And every justice of the peace, mayor, mailer, warden, bailiff, portreeve, condable of hundred, and ileward of leet in their respective liberties, may hear and determine the same, and commit the offender to the next gaol till payment.

In every paridi and hamlet where cloths are made, two justices (and in corporations, the mayor, together with one justice of the shire next adjoining) shall once a year, or oftner, call before them, by precept or otherwise, two, four, fix, eight, or more, of the moil honed, discreet, and able men of such place, and appoint them overseers for a year, or six months, or shorter time; and shall have them sworn, and bound in recognizance of^l.each, todo their bed endeavour, by all lawful ways and means, to fee the datutes observed relating to the regulation of cloth.

And any person, without reasonable excuse, refusing to be overseer, shall forfeit $1. half to the king, and half to such justices ; and to remain in ward of the sheriff, till paid or secured.

And if any shall with-hold cloth, or deny search, he shall, on conviction thereof at the sessions, forfeit for the fird offence 10I.; for the second, 20I.; for the third, being convicted by verdict and two witnesses, he shall dand upon the pillory in ( the next market-town.

Which said forfeitures shall be, one third to the overseers, one third to the king, and one third to the poor, as the sessions shall appoint.

If the company of dyers., and the several persons authorized to act in the appointment of searchers, or any three or more of such persons, shall refuse or neglect to appoint and continue a proper number of persons to be searchers, to examine all or any woollen cloths. &c. dyed black or blue, any two persons using or exercising the trade of a dyer of woollen goods, may apply to the justices, at any general quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden within the city of London, and within the didance of ten miles from the said city, and make complaint of such refusal or neglect; and it shall be lawful for the justices at such sessions to make enquiry touching the matter of such complaint: and if it shall appear to them that a proper number of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said justices shall, and are hereby authorized and impowered to appoint such person or persons as they shall judge

LIBRAF

tousle

k*

u

i

is

U

V

W*

it;

K*

ti

i

Woollen Manufacture.

513

judge necessary to be a searcher or searchers of woollen goods 33 C. 3. c. 15* within the limits aforesaid*

Arid, in order to prevent the like frauds and abuses in the To prevent dying of woollen goods within such places as are not within fraudsanda&uses the limits aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general »a dying or quarter-sessions, shall, and are hereby required, from time woc>lleo* to time, to appoint such person or persons as they shall ref-pe&ively think proper to be a searcher or searchers within their respective jurisdictions.

Provided, that no person shall be capable of acting as a searcher in the execution of this act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an oath to the following effect:

rs

leri

in

aii

n*

b

rkb

fsf

I#

I do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly exe- Searcher's oath sute and perform the trust reposed in me as a searcher, by virtue of an act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an act of the l$th year of King George the Firjf, "for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying traded9

Which oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed, or By w^om any one of them, are or is hereby impowered to administer. ministered.

All penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act. Id. where the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or ^ena^,e*> how may be recovered, by action of debt, or information, in any of recovere his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and all penalties, where the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, shall, upon proof of the offences respectively before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, either by the confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer), be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and py distress and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and Talc, seal of such justice, directed to any constable, or other peace officer, within the jurisdiction of such justice; and the overplus shall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, such justice shall, and is hereby authorized and re- ^e'P,us required to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to turne the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for Penalty on such time as such justice shall think fit, not exceeding three failure of months: And one moiety of all penalties and forfeitures distress. which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any person or persons residing within the city of London, or within the distance of ten miles of the said city, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as shall from time to time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be holden for the appointment of searchers within the city of

U u u London,

Llfc LIBRARY

J I

514 Woollen Manufacture.

23 G. 3 c. 15.

Limitation of time.

Tower of appeal.

22 C. 2. c. 5. Cutting cloth from the rack in the night, felony.

15 G. 2. 27.

Woollen yarn or wool so stolen.

How puni&ed.

Second offence. Third offence*

Fulling miller *to be fwoi n.

Cloth suspected, may he re. measured*

London, and within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid ; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered by virtue of this act, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and prosecutor or profecotors.

All prosecutions for offences against this act shall be commenced within forty days next after the offences shall be committed or discovered, and not afterwards: If any person shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgment or order of any justice of the peace, touching the conviction for any offence against this act, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter-sessions; and the judgment and determination of the justices at such general quarter-sessions shall be final; and the said justices are hereby empowered, upon such appeal, to allow such reasonable cods ana charges to either party as they shall think just ; the same to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in other cases of appeal from orders of any justices of the peace to the general quarter-sessions.

If any person shall feloniously cut and take, (teal, or carry away, any cloth or other woollen manufacture from the rack or tenters in the night-time, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any cloth or woollen goods on the tenters, or woollen yarn or wool left out to dry, shall be stolen in the night, any justice, on complaint made in ten days by the owner, may iffuehis warrant to any peace officer, in the day-time, to search the houses, or other places belonging to every person, whom such owner shall, upon his oath, declare to such justice he suspedls to have stolen, taken away, or received the same ; and the officer shall apprehend the person in whose custody or possession the same shall be found, and carry him before a justice; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit to the owner treble value, and in default of payment thereof in the time appointed by such justice, he shall issue his warrant to levy the same by distress and iale; and in default of distress, shall commit him to the common gaol where he shall be apprehended, for three months, or till paid ; for the second offence, treble value, and six months imprisonment; for the third offence, such justice shall commit him till the assizes; and if he shall be there convicted in like manner, he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. But persons aggrieved (except on the third conviction) may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

The fulling milLer shall take an oath before a justice dwelling near such mill, that he will well and truly perform the measuring all mixed or medley broad cloth fulled at his mill.

If the buyer is not satisfied with the measure, he may have it measured again in the water, in eight days after delivery, giving two .days notice to the feller or his factor; and if he shall

Woollen Mantifacture.

shall refuse, it shall be measured, if in London, by the keeper *5 *7*

of Blackwell-hall, who shall be sworn before a justice to measure it truly ; if not in London, then if the two measurers disagree, or appoint not a third person, the chief magistrate shall appoint and swearone.

And if it appear defective in length, or breadth, the owner Penalt or feller shall forfeit the sixth part of the value of such cloth, f0eunnad fc0'rt. on the measurer's making such certificate, and making oath On measurer's thereof before a justice, of which the justice shall give him a certificate, certificate. The same to be repaid by the fulling miller.

And the said certificate shall, in ten days, be filed with the p clerk of the peace, for which he shall have is.; which certifi- ca e 0 c cate so filed, shall be a firfficient convj&ion ; if he shall refuse to pay the forfeiture, it shall be levied by distress, by warrant of one justice; and for want of distress, the offender shall be Commitment, committed to the gaol or house of correction for three months, if penalty not

The tenter shall be measured, and the length of yards Pa,drtor wai?c marked in figures upon the top.bar, on pain of $1. on con- a-

viction before two justices, on information upon oath, in three Tenter figured months after the offence; to be levied by distress, half to the and marked, informer, and half to the poor; for want of distress, the party offending to be committed to gaol not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction be made.

Inspectors shall bechofen by the justices of Glocester, ^Vilts, Inspectors and Sonierfet, at Easter sections yearly ; who, before they en- chosen.-ter upon their office, shall take this oath :«r- / A. B. dp /wear, , that I will twell and truly execute the office of an inspector of mixed a or medley twoollen broad cloth twit bin this county, according to the laws and fatutes of this realm, and according to the bejf of my skill and knowledge : So help me God.

And the said justices shall allow a salary to each inspector, $*iiry allowed, not exceeding 30I. a year; for the raising of which, every maker shall pay to the inspe£lor 2d. for every such cloth, before they are sent from the mill; who shall pay the same every Salary, how three months, of oftner, to the county treasurer, to be applied paid/* by the sections towards such salaries.

The justices, at the Easter sections yearly for the West Rid- ,f Gt ^ ing of the county of York, shall appoint searchers, and ap- Searchers In point them salaries; who shall be sworn before a justice, well Ywk(hkf. and truly to execute the office of searching such narrow woollen cloth. And in case of the death or sickness, or other disability of asearcher, one justice, living n*ar, may appoint another till the next sections, to be there confirmed, or another appointed.

And a sum not exceeding 3d. for each cloth, shall be paid by 1£ the owner before it is carried from the mill, to such persons as To be paid by the justices, at Easter sections, shall appoint, to pay the makers, searcher's salaries, and other expences of the act.

If any person over-stretch it, he shall forfeit for the first half yard in length, or first inch in breadth over stretched,

U u u 2

IOS

punUhed*

1

Woollen Manufacture.

516

V

II G, 2. c. 28.

Jd.

Conviction before one justice.

Jd.

Forfeitures payable in ten days after n tice

Distribution.

«-t t

Power of appea'#

f 1 /

5 G. 3. *. Ji.

6 G. 3. r. 23. Searchers and measurer8 appointed yearly.

6 G. 3. f. 23. Officers, how difcjualilied.

5 G. 3. c. 51.

Petty disputes settled by one justice.

Costs not exceeding ]0$.

4 G 3. r. 23. Penalty for false stamping cloth.

Cloth may be measured within 40 daysi

ios; and for every other half yard in length, or half inch in

breadth, 20s.

The cojiviction to be before one justice, not being ? dealer in cloth, on oath of one witness, reasonable notice being first given to the person accused.

The forfeitures (if not paid in ten days after notice of the conviction given at the offender's last place of abode, and if he shall not appeal) to be levied by a constable by warrant of a justice by distress; half to the informer, and half jo the treasurer for the expences of carrying the ad into execution ; for want of distress, to be committed to the house of correction to hard labour for one month.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next quarter-fpflions, to be held after 14 days from the conviction, giving 10 days notice to the informer. And the justices there may award costs. 1

The justices for the said West Riding (not being interested) shall, at the Bradford Midsummer sessions yearly, appoint so many men as they shall think proper, under 60 years of age, to be searchers or measurers of cloth at the fulling mills, and allow them salaries.

If any of the said officers so appointed shall keep a public-house for felling ale, or other liquors, or be concerned in the making, buying, or felling, any wool, woollen manufactures* or goods commonly made use of in dying ; or be guilty of any misbehaviour or neglect of duty ; and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness before two justices, it shall be lawful for the justices at the next sessions after such conviction* on producing the same, or due proof thereof, to discharge such officer, and appoint another in his room.

All disputes between clothiers and millers, relating to the wages for milling, shall, if such miller delire it, and the matter in dispute do not exceed 40s. be determined by one justice, who may, on complaint, summon the parties, adjudge damages, and give costs not exceeding ios. and levy the same by distress, if not paid in ten days.

Jf the inspector or supervisor shall find any cloth falsely stamped by the searcher, he shall, within seven days, give information thereof to a justice; and such searcher shall, on conviction before such justice, forfeit ios.

The buyer, if he suspeCls any fraud, may, within forty days after the sale and delivery of such cloth, cause the same to be measured by some sworn searcher, inspector, or supervisor; and if it be found defeClive in length or breadth, he shall, within three days, give information thereof to a justice ; and the supervisor, who last measured the said cloth, shall forfeit, for the first inchin breadth, or half yard in length, that such cloth or end of cloth shall fall short, 5s. ; and for every other inch in breadth or half yard in length, the further sum of ios. Ana if such searcher, inspeClor, or supervisor, who Uft

measured

> I


OfiginaP from*

LIE

Woollen Manufacture.

measured the cloth, shall not, in three days, give information as aforesaid, he shall, on conviction before Luch justice, forfeit 40s. and his office.

Informations of offences (not otherwise directed) shall be made on oath, within ten days after the offence shall be discovered; the same to be heard and determined, on the oath of one witness, before one justice not interested ; and the penalties, after deducting charges of the conviction, to bedistributed, half to the informer, and half to the treasurer of the said West Riding; the part belonging to the treasurer shall be received by the justice, and by him paid to an inspector or supervisor; and the said justice shall, within three months, fend an account thereof to the said treasurer.

If any offender shall, for ten days after conviction, refuse or neglect to pay any forfeiture by him incurred ; or shall not give notice of appeal; then, and not before, the justice shall jfTue his warrant of distress, to the constable, where the offender dwells, requiring him to levy the same by distress ; and where no sufficient distress can be had, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next sessions which shall be held within fourteen days after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice.

The justices, inspectors, and supervisors, shall return to the sessions from tim^ to time, an account in writing of all convictions that have happened within their knowledge, and of the penalties levied and made payable to the treasurer; and the inspectors and supervisors shall pay to the treasurer, within three months after receipt thereof, all sums by them received on account of such convictions. And every person neglecting or refusing to transmit such account, within twenty days next after any such sessions, or, not paying such sums within three months after receipt thereof, shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness, before two justices, forfeit 10I.

Within eight days after the interment of any dead, some relation, or other credible person, on pain of 5I. to be levied by distress, shall cause an affidavit in writing to be made under the hands and seals of two or more credible witnesses, setting forth that such deceased person was not buried in any other than what is made of sheep's wool only ; and shall bring the same and make oath thereof, before the mayor, or a justice of the peace, or masterof chancery [and if no justice shall reside or is to be found ill the parish where the party is interred, then to any parson, vicar, or curate, in any other parish within the county], who shall administer the oath and attest the same under their hands upon such affidavit, gratis.

Where no affidavit shall be brought in eight days as aforesaid, to the minister where the party was buried, he shall forthwith give, or cause notice thereof to be given in writing under

5*7

5 G 3.c« 51*

6 G. 3* c. 23* Information within IQ days;

Penalties, how applied.

Offender not paying.

Warrant of

distress.

Power of appeal*

Lift of convictions returned to session.j

All penalties to the county treasurer s.

On pain of 10L

30 C. 2. t. 3. Affidavit sf woollen batial.

32 C. 1. 6

What dole, where no at* fidavit is brought.

Woollen Manufacture.

32 C. 2. f. I#

Parish officer* to give notice.

Forfeiture to be levied.

i

30 C. 2. c. 3. Nanr.e and quality of person interred.

his hand, to the churchwardens or overseers, on pain of 51. with full costs (provided the suit be commenced in six months), one fourth to the king, two fourths to the poor where such person offending dwells, and one fourth to him that shall inform and sue.

The said churchwardens or overseers shall, within eight days after such notice (on like pain as the minister), repair to the chief magistrate, if such party was buried in a town corporate, or else to a justice of the peace; which said justice or magistrate, on certificate from such minister, shall (on the like pain) forthwith grant a warrant for the levying of the said forfeiture on the goods of the parties before-mentioned, rendering the overplus, all reasonable charges being first deduced, half of which shall be to the poor, and half to the informer.

And the overseers shall give an account of the name and quality of every person interred within their parish from the time of their former account, and of such certificate as came to their hands from such minister, and of their levying the penalties, and of their disposal thereof, on pain of 5I. to be levied by distress, by warrant of the justices, or two of them, to whom they shall account. And no overseers* account shall be allowed, until they shall have therein accounted for the burials as aforesaid.

Wool, Sheep, and Woollen Manufactures.

2? G % 3. c» 3&. Vessel conveying live (beep, forfeited.

Wh* steep

exceacerf.

n* WOO* ♦*nt»e ec'.

Fwjty.

IF live sheep or lambs be conveyed out of Great-Britain, or Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, they and the vessel shall be forfeited for the benefit of any person or persons seizing the same; and the persons assisting therein shall pay 3I. for each sheep, and suffer three months imprisonment; and for a subsequent offence, 5I. for each sheep, and suffer six months imprisonment; all which forfeitures shall be for the benefit of the person or persons who shall sue for the same. [But this shall not extend to live wether sheep carried for the diet of the crew and passengers, by virtue of a licence, specifying the number of sheep so to be put on board, and shipped in the presence of the proper officers;] upon pain that the sheep so put on board shall become forfeited to the person or persons seizing the same, and the person or persons attempting to ship the same shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 20s. for every such sheep, to the person or persons who shall inform thereof.

Persons conveying wool, &c. out of Great-Britain or Jersey, &c- and the owners of ships, carts, horses. See. or revenue officers, exporting, or affixing in the exportation of sheep, wool, &c. shall forfeit, for the first offence, 3s. for every pound

of

Wool, Sheep, &c. 519

of such wool, Sec. or the sum of 50I. of lawful money of Great- aS G. ji ^ 38. Britain in the whole, at the election of the person or persons who shall fne for the same, and shall also suffer Jolitary* imprisonment in the common gaol or house of correction of the county, Sec. wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of three calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which he, she, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, so as the whole of such imprisonment for the non-payment of such penalty shall not exceed the space of twelve calendar months; upon every second, or other subsequent conviction, they shall forfeit 3s. for every pound of such wool. Sec. or the sum of 50I. and shall also suffer solitary imprisonment for the space of six calendar months, or not exceeding the space of two years. The forfeitures to go to the persons suing for them.

The wool, &c. conveyed contrary to this act, with the vef- Application of fel, carriages, and horses, shall be forfeited for the benefit of forfeitures, the person or persons who shall seize the same. Persons feizrnf

If wool and woollen articles intended to be sent coastwise, be carried towards the sea without entry thereof having been Woollen ar-made, they shall be forfeited ; and also the horse or horses, or tides entered, bead, cart, waggon, or other carriages conveying the same, forfeited, for the benefit of the person or persons who shall seize thereupon ; but this shall not extend to wool carrying from the place of shearing to the owner's house, though within five miles of the sea, if the quantity be certified to the officer of the next port, as also the intention to remove it; which officer is to registerfuch certificates; and if there be no port within five miles, such certificates are to be given to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue, neared to the dwelling-house or houses of such person or persons.

The quantity of wool of sheep (horn for market between Thr€C ^ March 1 and July 1, need not be certified till after the gene- notice previau* ral (hearing, if three days' previous notice of the removal be to removal, certified.

Persons authorized and qualified so to do, may seize, take. Wool to be and challenge, to and for his and their own use and benefit, seized, if iboue all such wool and woollen articles, fuller's earth, &c, as he or 10 bc exported* they fee brought or laid on shore, at or near the sea, to be exported out of Great Britain, or out of the ides aforesaid, or any of them, and the offender shall be subject to the like forfeitureand penalties as persons by this act are subject unto for

The reader will be pleased to find, that Solitary Imprisonment is here pointed out as a proper mode of punishment by the legislature in this statute.

And the oftener the Magistrate has recourse to it in hit sentence for ocher offences, in those counties and places, wherein provision is made for carrying it into execution, with piudence and humanity, the greater benefit will the public, as well as every individual, derive from it, — See also p, 511.

exporting.

520 Wool, Sheep, See.

aS G. 3* c. 3$.

Wool for Jer- fey, &c. may be exported from Southampton*

liot exceeding a certain quantity.

Under severe penalty.

If rr.ore, zol* penalty.

Only BritWh subjects may carry woo), &c.

Wool not to be bought without leitridions.

What buyers

and fellers may agree.

exporting, transporting, or shipping of wool, woollen, ar*

tides. &c.

But wool for the use of the isles of Jersey* See. may be exported from Southampton under the regulations of this act; and provided such wool be shipped on board some vessel then the property of some person or persons residing within one of the said isles, and so as such perfoft and persons as shall put on board such wool in any such vessel, do, before the shipping such wool, deliver unto the collector or searcher of the port of Southampton, a writing under the hand and seal of the governor of the said isle of Jersey, or his deputy, and under the hand and seal of the said governor of Guernsey, or his deputy, as to the wool which is to be exported to the said isles, or any of them ; in which writing it shall be expressed that the said party hath entered into sufficient bond to his Majesty's use for the landing of the said wool in manner aforesaid.

The quantity of uncombed wool to be exported out of the port of Southampton unto the isle of Jersey, shall not exceed 4000 tods; to the isle of Guernsey, 2000 tods; to the isle of Alderney, 400 tods; and to the isle of Sark, 200 tods ; each tod not exceeding 32 pounds.

The customer of Southampton shall be displaced, and forfeit 500I. if he permits a larger than the allowed quantity of wool to be laden ; one moiety to the king, and the other to him that will (ue for the lame.

The governors of the said isles, &c. authorising a larger quantity to be exported, shall forfeit 20I. per tod ; one moiety to the king, and the other to him or them that will sue for the same.

No wool, or woollen articles, fuller's earth. See. shall be put on board any vessel, except that of a natural-born subject resident in Great-Britain.

No persons residing within fifteen miles of the sea, in the counties of Rent and Snflex, shall presume to buy any woo), before they enter into bond to the king's Majesty, that all the wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any person or persons within fifteen miles of the sea.

It shall and may be lawful for any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the counties of Kent and Sussex* residing within fifteen miles of the sea, having given bond, with sureties, to fell such wool to any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the said counties, who has also given such bond, and to remove and lodge the same at the warehouse of the person or persons to whom the same shall be fold, and who has entered into such bond as often as shall be thought necessary, although the person purchasing the same shall live within fifteen miles of the sea, such wool being removed, and notice given of the lodging and housing thereof, as required by and 10 W. 3*

Wool

LIBRA I

Wool, Sheep, &c.

Wool shorn or housed within ten miles of the sea in Kent and Sussex, or either of them, may be carried to any fair for it: the sale of wool; and if not fold, may be brought back to the

Shouse or place from whence the same had been taken ; if a permit be taken out, containing the quantity of wool to be

9 removed, and to continue in force for and during such time as may be necessary for the removal and bringing back of the rL same, in case it shall not be sold at such fair, and the proper i: officers are hereby required to grant such permits.

Every permit shall accompany the wool; to be produced by i! the purchaser thereof to the proper officer or officers, who shall then grant to such purchaser another permit, for the taking such wool from such fair, which permit shall specify the quantity of wool to be moved, and the time during which it i shall continue in force.

Wool returned unfold from fairs, shall be subject to the same rules as before removal.

If any person shall counterfeit or alter any certificate or li-p cence, certificate or instrument, he, she, or they, so offend-

ing, shall forfeit and pay the sum of 20I. to any person or per-

5 ions who shall sue for the same.

No wool, or any other the aforesaid woollen articles, shall be removed towards the sea, within five miles of the sea coast, between sun-setting and sun-rising, upon pain of the same being forfeited, together with the horses. &c. for the benefit of the person or persons seizing the same ; and the driver knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize ; but this is not to extend to wool shorn and carried after sun-setting, the same day, to the owners* house.

Worded yarn, not exceeding 141b. prepared for knitting, may be carried to retail-ffiops, &c. provided such parcel be marked according to the directions of the act or acts of parliament requiring the marking thereof.

No wool, wool-fels, mornings, shortlings, wool-flocks, worded bay, or woollen yarn shall be packed up in any other package than packs or trusses of leather or caiivafs, commonly called pack cloths, or in linen or woollen ; to be marked on the outside thereof with the word WOOL, in large characters, not less than three inches in length, on pain of forfeiture of all such wool, or other articles, to the person seizing the lame, and also of any sum not exceeding is. for every pound of such wool, or other articles so seized, to the person or persons seizing the same, as the court of justices before whom such wool, or other the aforesaid articles, shall be condemned, shall direct; but worded yam may be packed in paper, if marked with the word worsted oryarn, as the case maybe, and if the quantity in any one such paper contained, do not exceed fourteen pounds in weight.

X x x The

521

28 G. 3. r. 3®* Permit to be taken out.

and produced by the Dutchk*-fer to the officers. Another per* mic granted.

Wool unfold.

Penalty on

counterfeiting

certificate.

No wool to be removed towards the sea, within four miles of the sea coast.

Worsted yarn for knit l ig to b* marked.

The word WOOL on all packages.

Worsted yaW I 1 papers so marked.

522

2$ G, 3. f« 38. Wool seized to be returned to the owner paying the penalty*

What woollen goods may be I or felted*

Persons offending in unlawful packing punishable as exporters.

Persons assisting in illegal package, and informing, shall be acquitted, and entitled to the wool To packed*

Matter packer discovering his employer, not liable to the penalties*

Wharfingers to be bound not illegally to ttiip wool*

Punishable for refusing to be bouad.

Wool, Sheep,

The justices, before whom any complaint or information respecting the word WOOL not being marked on the outside of the package, shall be made, may order the wool, and other the said articles which shall have been seized, to be returned to the owner or owners thereof; but the forfeiture or penalty shall not be mitigated below 6d. for every pound weight of such wool, or other articles so seized.

Wool, or woollen articles, packed otherwise than according to the directions herein-before contained, or pressed together, with ferews or other engine, or put into any butt, pipe, chest, or other vessel, upon any pretence whatsoever, shall be forfeited ; and 3s. shall be paid for every pound of wool, or other woollen articles, so packed, to be paid by the owner or packer of such wool, &c. to the person or persons who shall seize the same, or sue for such forfeiture.

Every person so offending, and all persons aflilting in such packing, shall, over and above the penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned, be subject and liable to the pains and penalties to be inflicted upon exporters of wool; and the court and justices by and before whom such person or persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have and hereby have power and authority to punish every such offender accordingly. Persons assisting in such illegal package, giving information of the matter packer, &c. before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, so that he, she, or they, may be prosecuted to conviction, shall not be liable to the pains and penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to the wool, or woollen articles so packed.

If the matter packer, or any person or persons assisting in such package, shall, before any information, discover to any justice of the peace the name of the person by whom he, she, or they was or were employed to pack or press the same, so that such person may be prosecuted to conviction, such maf-ter packer, or the person who shall give such information, shall not be liable to the penalties aforesaid, and shall be entitled to the wool, or other woollen articles so sent to be packed ; and the person directing such wool, or woollen articles, to be packed, shall, on conviction for the same, be liable to the pains and penalties to be inflicted on exporters of wool.

Wharfingers are to enter into bond not illegally to ship wool, and to keep an account of wool by them received and delivered ; a copy of which account shall be delivered to the principal officers of the customs, at the port at which such wharfinger shall reside, at the end of every six months, and oftener, if the same shall be required by such officer; and if any wharfinger shall refuse to enter into such bond, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of 200I. to the person who shall sue for the same; and if he shall keep or deliver a false account, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 50I. to be paid to the person who shall sue for the same; and if he shall

knowingly

Original fr L

Wool, Sheep,

523

i

i

n

ft

ft

if

t

i

t

i

I*

knowingly permit any wool to be put on board any vessel, *8 <7. 3. c. 38.

otherwise than according to the directions of this act, he and every person assisting therein, shall, on conviction, be liable to

the pains and penalties enacted against the exporters of wool;

and every informer shall be entitled to the sum of 401, to be

paid by the of of his Majesty's customs immedi*

ately after such conviction.

Wharfingers are to give an account to the proper officer of Wharfingers to the quantity of wool received, on penalty of iol. give an account

If wool, &c. be not shipped to be carried coastwise, accord- of wool, ing to this act, it shall be forfeited, with the vessel. andno^cairfed

No person, except an officer of the customs, excise, or salt coastwhe^to^be duties, and commanders of king's ships, shall seize sheep, &c. forfeited* without a constable, or other officer of the peace, who is here- No person shall by required, on application, immediately to attend the per- fe«ze (he?p wnh-son or persons applying for such assistance. And if any con- out aut om*‘ liable or other officer of the neace, or if any officer of his Majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, upon application made, Constable re-shall neglect or refuse to attend any person or persons who shall fusing to actend. make such application, or shall neglect his duty in the premises, every such constable, or other officer, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety, after deducting the cods to the person suing for the same, and the other to the use of the poor of the parish where the offence shall have been committed.

If any person, putting this act in execution, shall be hin- Opposing the dered, or opposed, in feizingor attempting to seize any sheep, execution of wool, &c. the person who shall so hinder or oppose, being this act. armed or disguised, shall, by order of the court before whom such offender shall be convicted, be transported beyond the seas, not exceeding seven years.

If any person shall offer a bribe to any officer or other per- Bribing an of-son to connive at the exportation or concealment of lheep, the ficer to connive wool, or other articles, every person so offending shall forfeit at exportation, the sum of three hundred pounds, to be applied to the use of the informer, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Prosecutions may be commenced in any court of record at Prosecutions, Westminster, See. or at the quarter sessions of the peace, or before any two justices of the peace for any county, city, or mence place in this kingdom, in a summary way, at the election of the feizer or informer; but no prosecution or information shall be had, or proceeded upon, before any two such justices of the peace, in a summary way, where the penalty or forfeiture shall exceed the sum of two hundred pounds^

The justices, at any general quarter-sessions of the peace. Forfeited ships, and also such aforesaid two justices, are impowered and re- &c. to be sold, quired to ordex all forfeited ships, vessels, goods, carriages, and

X x x 2 cattle.

524

Wool, Sheep, See.

*8 G9 3. e. 38.

Penalties, how applied*

Any j office may commit persont exporting.

Officer to enter into bond to prosecute.

cattle, to be publicly sold to the highest bidder, at such time and place as they shall think proper.

The penalties, except the penalties of the bonds, are to be applied, half to the informer, and half to the officer assisting in making the seizures, or to the officers only, if no informs tion was made. /

Persons exporting sheep, &c. may be carried before any neighbouring justice, who may commit them to gaol, till the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, there to be tried and dealt with as by this act is directed.

The officer who shall convey any offender before any justice of the peace as aforesaid shall, in case such offender shall be committed to prison, enter into recognizance before such justice, in the sum of forty pounds, to appear at such general quarter-sessions of the peace, and to prosecute the person so committed.

If it shall appear to the justices before whom any offender shall be convicted, that such offender hath not goods or chattels sufficient to answer the penalties recovered, the justices who shall have convicted such offender or offenders, or any other iwo justices of the same county, division, borough, town, or place, shall commit every such offender to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless the whole of such penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid.

But if any offender, before his actual commitment, shall may be accepted. Procure two sufficient sureties for the payment of the penalties by him incurred, with the charges, within the space of fourteen days, exclusive of the day of conviction, such justices may accept such security ; and upon non-payment thereof, the same, or any other two justices of the peace for the same county, division, or place, may cause the party convicted, and his sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, and them, and each and every of them, rtiay commit to the common gaol or house of correction, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be sooner paid.

Power of appeal. -Appeals from justices may be made to the quarter-sessions on giving notice of such appeal within fourteen days after the conviction, and on two sureties entering into recognizances, to appear and prosecute such appeal; and in case such judgment, or conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the party so appealing shall pay unto the informer or informers double costs, to be ascertained by the order of the same court; and if the appellant pay the penalty, or be in prison, he may enter into recognizances without sureties.

Justices

Offender not having goods,

May be commuted.

TUvn

Wool, Sheep, &c. 525

Justices may summon witnesses; and the persons so sum- *8 G, 3. c, 38. jmoned shall appear at the time and place specified, and fub-rait in all things to be examined as witnesses in the premises. e u<Dmon Actions and informations shall be tried by a jury of free- Trial by a jury Jiolders of a different county from that wherein the fad was of a different committed. county.

No person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any offence prosecution against this act, unless such prosecution shall be commenced within three within the space of three years. yeart*

The fird three persons concerned in exporting sheep, &c. The first three

not being the owners, who shall inform thereof, shall be ex- offenders in-

empted (rom penalties. forming, to be

If any owner of a vessel, or any person aiding or afliding in "" *w*ner loading any vessel, knowing of such exportation of sheep, a Veifei, &c. wool, or of any of the articles before enumerated, shall, with- informing, in three months after the knowledge thereof, or after his return into the kingdom of Great-Britain, give the fird information thereof before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before the head officer of any port where he shall fird arrive, or before any judice or justices of the peace, upon his oath, of the number and quantity of the said articles so carried, conveyed, and transported, and by whom, where, and in what ship or vessel, and shall enter into recognizance, before any judice of the peace, in the sum of forty pounds, personally to appear and give evidence of the same, such person or persons so aiding or affiding therein, shall not be liable to any of d1311 he eecufeJ the penalties or forfeitures in this act contained for the offence from pay,n6 the aforesaid, but shall be enabled to receive such benefit as is pena IW* appointed to be received by this act on conviction of such offenders.

The penalty imposed by former acts, viz. 23 Hen. viii. c. Penalty of de-17, and 13 Eliz. c, 25, on deceitful winding of wool, is by ceitful winding this act increased to 2s. per fleece, the whole to be to the increased. prover thereof. Offences against those acts may be determined by a judice in a summary way. The person or persons against whom any such information shall be laid, to be summoned at a certain time and place to be fixed by such judice, who is hereby authorised, and required, upon the appearance or default of such person or persons, to examine into and give judgment in the premises.

Complaints for deceitful winding of wool are to be dif- Penalf j . . charged by such judice, if there appears no intention to de- by distrcfsV1* fraud. The aforesaid penalty, if not paid in six days, shall be levied by didrefs.

Persons complained of for felling wool deceitfully wound, may, if it was done without their privity, require the appearance of the party that so wound it, before a judice, who is to determine the matter, &c.; and if it shall appear to the said judice, that the wool complained of had been actually Wool wound wound falsely by the person charged by the feller thereof,

without ovTnej1.1 °

I

526

Wool, Sheep, &c.

18 G. 3. c. 38. without the knowledge or consent of the feller; in every such case, the person who had actually wound or folded such wool Owner not (and not the feller thereof) shall be subject and liable to the

luble* penalties; but if it shall appear otherwise to such justice, or if

it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the hearing of the appeal, the feller of the wool shall be subject to such penalties as aforesaid ; and in case of non-payment by the person who shall have been convicted of having actually, falsely and deceitfully wound or folded such wool, every such person shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-one days, unless the penalty and costs (if any) shall be fboner paid and satisfied.

Power of tppeal. Persons aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice of the peace, may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions of the peace to be held for the division in or for which such justice shall have acted, such person or persons giving, within five days then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the respondent in such appeal, and entering into recognizance before the said justice or justices of the peace, to appear and prosecute such appeal at the said general or quarter-sessions, and abide by the order of the said court, and to pay such costs and charges as shall appear just and reasonable to the said justices.

Conviction not No conviction shall be set aflde for want of form. — Justices quashed for at the quarter-sessions may administer to persons properly quaint of form. lifted to be sworn winders of wool, the following oath, which is to be entered in the records of the sessions:

Winder's oath. %

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and justly, without de» eeit, wind and fold all and fengular the wool which 1 shall take upon me to wind and fold, without leaving or putting any clay, lead, Jlones, /and, tails, deceitful locks, lambs wool, or any other thing, whereby the feece may be made more weighty, to the deceit and loss of the buyer; and that 1 will not use any other deceit, craft, guile, or fraud, in the winding or folding of any such aforesaid wool* So help me GOD.

r ^ 4 But persons not so sworn may be employed. No profecu-

'-for actions tion be commenced for offences prior to May 1, 1788, against the laws respecting the exportation of live sheep. Sec. but the penalties and forfeiture shall be wholly pardoned and released. His Majesty's shares of fines now due, or which may become due in prosecutions now pending, shall be remitted, and a reversal of outlawry may be applied for.

Jn actions brought by persons claiming the benefit of this act against officers, &c. for any thing done in regard to mat-Csiicra! iiTut. ters hereby discharged, they may plead the general issue.

This act is not to extend to the discharge of any seizure of wool, &c. or any prosecution now depending, in respect to ' such

Original fram LIBR/

Wool, Sheep, &c.

V

f

t

*}

i'1

i

I

I

I

P

r

such parts of fines as belong to the informer; but such suits may be proceeded on.

Iti case any action, suit, or information, shall be brought, on account of the seizure of any vessel, carriage, horse, &c. or of any (beep, wool, or woollen yarn, fullers earth, &c. as illegally carried or exported, or intended so to be, or for any thing done by virtue of this act, such actions shall be commenced within six months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the proper county where the fad was done or committed.

If, in any action for a seizure, a verdict be found for the claimer, he shall not be entitled to cods, if the court or judge before whom such action or prosecution shall be tried, shall certify on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure.

Parish Workhouses Inspeded.

FROM September 29, 1790, it shall be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any physician, surgeon, or apothecary, for that purpose authorised, by-warrant under the hand and seal of any such judice or justices, or for the officiating clergyman of the parish or place, duly authorised, as aforesaid, at all times, in the day-time, to visit any parish workhouse, or house kept or provided for the maintenance of the poor of any parish or place, within the county, riding, liberty, or division, wherein such judice or justices shall be resident, and shall have jurisdiction, to examine into the date and condition of the poor people therein, and the food, cloathing, and bedding of such poor people, and the Hate and condition of such house or houses; and if upon any such visitation the said judice or justices, or persons duly authorised as aforesaid, shall find any cause or occasion of complaint, such judice or justices, or persons duly authorised as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, if he or they shall think fit, to certify the date and condition of such workhouse or poorhouse, and the date of the poor therein, and of their food, cloathing, and bedding, to the next quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held for such county, riding, liberty, or division, wherein such workhouse or poorhouse shall be situate, under hi9 or their hands and seals respectively ; and such judiceor justices, or other persons duly authorised as aforesaid, shall cause the overseers of the poor, or mader or governor of the said workhouse or poorhouse, of such parish or place, to be summoned to appear at the same sessions, to answer such complaint; and the justices adembled

at

527

28 G, 3. c. 38.

Actions to be commenced within six months.

Verdict shall not entitle the claimer to costs* if the cause for seizure was probable.

30 G. 3. e. 49. Justice's power to visit.

May author!fe

others.

Certify to quarter-sessions.

Governor summoned.

1

528

30 G, 3. c. 49.

In case ofln-/c&ioos disease.

Medicines, food, &c. co be ordered.

Ghareeable to poor's rate.

What poor houi'es excepted,

Parish. Workhouses Inspected.

at such quarter-sessions, on hearing the parties on any such complaint, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to make such orders and regulations, for the removing of any cause of complaint contained in such certificate as aforesaid, as to them shall seem meet 5 and all the parties concerned shall, and they are hereby required to abide by and perform such orders and regulations as shall be so made by the justices at the said sessions.

In case any justice or justices of the peace, or persons duly authorised by warrant as aforesaid, shall, upon any such visitation, find any of the poor in any parish workhouse or poor-house alflidted with any contagious or infectious disease, or in want of immediate medical, or other assistance, or of sufficient and proper food, or requiring separation or removal from the other poor in the said house, then, and in such case or cases, if such visitation shall be made by a justice of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice to apply to one or more other justice or justices of the peace, in the county, or division, and certify to him or them the state and condition of the poor in such parish workhouse or poorhouse ; or if such visitation shall be made by the persons duly authorised as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons, and they are hereby directed and required to apply to two or more justices of the peace in such county, liberty, or division ; and thereupon the said justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to make such order for the immediate procuring medical, or other assistance, or sufficient and proper food, or for the separation or removal of such poor, as shall be afflicted with any contagious or infectious disease, in such manner as they, the said justices, under their hands and seals, shall think proper to direct, until the next quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held in and for the said county, riding, liberty, or division, wherein such workhouse or poorhouse shall be situate; at which quarter-sessions of the peace, the said two justices are to certify the same, under their hands and seals respectively, to the justices assembled at such quarter-sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to make such order for the further relief of the poor in such parish workhouse or potfr-house, as to the justices assembled at such quarter-sessions shall seem meet and proper; and the charges and expences of relieving such poor shall be, and are hereby directed to bepaid out of the poor's rate of such parish, in such manner as the said justices assembled at such quarter-sessions shall direct.

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any poorhouse or workhouse in any district or districts, which have been, or may be hereafter incorporated or regulated by any special act or adU of Parliament.

Wreck.

Wreck.

k

lit

I

i:

|fr

9

IS

si

THE justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, collectof of the customs, or chief constable, who shall be nearest to where any ship shall be stranded or call away, shall forthwith give public notice for a meeting to be held as soon as possible of the sheriff or his deputy, the justices of the peace, mayors, coroners, and of of the land-tax, or any five of them, who shall employ proper persons for saving the same; and shall command the constables nearest to the sea-coasts, to call together as many men as shall be thought necessary, to assist. And also the officers of excise shall be proper officers to put these acts in execution. And within the cinque ports, the lord warden of the cinque ports, the lieutenant of Dover castle, the deputy warden of the cinque ports, the judge official, and commissary of the court of admiralty of the cinque ports, shall put the same in execution there.

And any justice of the peace, in the absence of the high sheriff, may take sufficient power of the county.

And they may command all ships at anchor near to assist; and if the officer of such ship shall refuse or neglect, he shall forfeit iool. with costs, to the officer of the ship in distress.

The persons assembled to save any vessel or goods, shall conform in the first place to the orders of the mailer or other officer or owner, or persons employed by them, then to the orders of the officers of the customs, next to those of the officers of excise, then of the sheriff or his deputy, then of a justice of the peace, then of a mayor, then of the coroner, then of a commissioner of the land-tax, then of a chief constable, then of a petty constable; and any person acting contrary to such orders, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. to be levied by warrant of one justice; and in case of non-payment, to be committed to the house of correction, not exceeding three months.

And every such sheriff, justice, mayor, coroner, lord of a manor, under sheriff, or commissioner of the land-tax, shall have 4s. a day during his attendance, out of the goods saved.

And if any person not impowered as above shall endeavour to enter on board such vessel, or shall deface the marks of the goods ; he shall, within twenty days, make double satisfaction to ther party grieved, at the discretion of the two next justices ; or, in default thereof, shall be sent by them to the next house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for twelve months.

All persons, who shall act or be employed in preserving any such vessel or cargo, shall be paid a reasonable salvage, to be adjusted by three neighbouring justices as above-mentioned.

If any person shall be assaulted, beaten and wounded, in the exercise of his duty ir> the salvage of any vessel or goods, the offender on conviction, by indictment at the assizes or sessions, shall be transported for seven years. And such persons

Y y y interrupting

529

12 An. ft. 2. c. iS.

26 G. 2. e. 19. Notice of a meeting of persons,

to save the wreck.

Officers of excise to assist.

Justice's power in absence of sheriff'.

Other ships to assist.

Who to give orders.

Payment for attendance.

26 G. 2. c. 19. Persons going on board unauthorized.

Salvage to those that are employed in preferring the vessel, &c.

A (faulting the person saving vessel or goods, punishable by law.

53°

*6 G. 2. c. ig. cr repellable by force.

Plundering a ship in distress, or stranden, and id/(leading it, felony.

If stolen with* out a&8 of violence, latceny.

A flirting towards the loft of the ship, felony.

Id. ^

J ustice may issue a search warrant.

Id.

Goods so taken and offered for fate, may be seized.

Offender, how yunished.

Reward for discovery.

Id.

Persons belonging to the ship, to be examined.

Examination to be taken in writing,

Wreck.

^ i

. 4 /

interrupting or hindering the preservation of the ship, may be

repelled by force.

If any person shall plunder, (leal, take away, or destroy any goods belonging to such ship in didrefs, on which shall be wrecked or (Iranded (whether a living creature be on board or not), or any tackle, provision, or part of such ship ; or shall beat or wound, with intent to kill, or otherwise wilfully obstruct the escape of any person endeavouring to save his life from such ship, or the wreck thereof; or shall put out any false light, with intent to bring any vessel into danger, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. But when goods of small value shall be (Iranded or cad on shore, and dolen without circumstances of cruelty, outrage, or violence, the offenders may be prosecuted for petit larceny only.

If any person shall do any thing tending to the immediate loss of such ship, in didrefs, he shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

One judice, upon information on oath, of any part of the cargo or effects of any vessel lod or dranded near the coads, being unlawfully conveyed or concealed, or of some reasonable cause of suspicion thereof, may issue his warrant for searching as in other cases of dolen goods : And if the person in whose possession the same shall be found, shall not immediately upon demand deliver the same, such judice, on proof of such refusal, shall commit him to the comjnon gaol for six months, or until he shall have paid treble the vat % ; thereof.

And if any person shall offer to sale any such goods unlawfully taken away, or reasonably suspected so to have been, the person to whom they are offered, or any officer of the customs or excise, or condable, may seize the same; and shall, with all convenient speed, carry the same, or give notice thereof, to one judice; and if such person shall not in ten days make out his property therein, to the satisfaction of the judice, they shall be delivered over to the rightful owner, on payment of a reasonable reward (to be ascertained by the judice) to the feizer; and the judice may commit such offender to the common gaol for six months, or till he shall have paid treble value. And if any person shall discover to any judice, magistrate, custom-house or excise officer, where any goods are wrongfully bought, fold, or concealed, he shall be entitled to a reasonable reward, to be adjuded as the salvage.

The officer of the customs, who shall act in preserving any vessel or cargo, shall cause all persons belonging to the vessel, and others who can give an account thereof, to be examined on oath before a judice, as to the name or description of the vessel, the names of the maders and owners, and of the places from or to which the vessel was bound, and the occasion of the didrefs; which examination the judice shall take in writing,

who

i

Wreck.

who shall deliver a copy thereof to the said officer of the cuf- G. e. 19. toms, to be forthwith transmitted to the secretary of the ad- to

miralty, who shall publish the same in the next London Gazettee, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for the infor- and published in mation of the persons interested or concerned therein. Gazette.

And if no person shall appear to claim the goods saved, the officer of the customs shall apply to three of the nearest justices, who shall put him or some other responsible person in Nocja;mant possession, taking an account in writing of the goods, to be appearing, goods iigned by the said officer; and if they be not claimed in a fold, year, they shall be fold (and if perishable, shall be forthwith fold), and the money returned to the exchequer, till claimed by the owner.

But this shall not prejudice the right of any lords of manors. Manorial and or others, lawfully claiming wreck, or goods. ocher rights

preserved.

t

Yy y 2

PORMS

Co gle

532

. , 1

t

V m

r

Forms and Precedents of Warrants,

&c.

' ' i

Jtji

; ~*v'>

No. Page.

1 Summons of a master on complaint of an Ap-

prentice — — i

2 Summons of an Apprentice on complaint of his master — id.

3 Summons of the Master by two justices ii

4 Warrant from two justices against a disorderly

Apprentice — id.

5 Apprentice's commitment by two justices id.

6 Apprentice's discharge by two justices, if the

apprentice-fee did not exceed 5I. otherwise by four justices at the least (1 £>J) — iii

7 Warrant for an Assault — id.

8 Voluntary confession, before the birth of a

Bastard Child — > — iv

9 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a

Bastard before its birth — id.

10 Examination of the mother of a Bastard after

its birth — — v

11 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a

Bastard after the birth — vi

12 Form of a recognizance in case of Bastardy id.

13 Mittimus of the reputed father of a Bastard child vii

*4 Warrant

Forms of Warrants, See.

No. B Page.

.14 Warrant from two justices to make the order of

maintenance of a Bastard child — viii

15 An order for the maintenance of a Bastard child ix

16 Form of Commitment in general — x

17 An award of Costs — id.

f '. /

18 Form of a warrant to distress for Costs — xi

ig Form of commitment for want of distress for Costs xii

it Form of Examination of a person accused xiii

21 Warrant on suspicion of Felon y — id.

22 Commitment for Felony — xiv

23 Recognizance toinditt for Felony — id.

24 ----- ----- - to give evidence for Felony xv.

25 Information against an unqualified person for de-

stroying Game — — xvi

26 Summons of ditto for ditto — — id.

27 Warrant to levy the fine on ditto for ditto — xvii

28 Commitment of ditto for ditto — xviii

29 Warrant for Good Behaviour id.

30 Recognizance for ditto — — xi*

31 Form of appointment of Surveyors of the

Highways x — id.

32 Complaint against defaulters on the Highways xx

33 Summons of ditto on ditto — — xxi

34 Warrant of distress for neglect of duty on the

Highways ^ — — id.

35 Information

533

by gle

534

Forms of Warrants, &c.

No. Page*

35 Information for non payment of an Highway

Assessment — —

36 Summons for not paying an Highway Assess-

ment — —

37 Warrant of distress for not paying ditto —

38 Commitment in default of distress for ditto

39 Information in general — —

40 Conviction of felling by false Measures, Sc c.

41 Precept to the high constable for Militia lifts

xx 11

xxiii

id.

xxiv

xxv

id.

xxvi

42 High constable's notice to petty constables of the

number of Militia men — id.

43 Ditto's warrant for Militia men to be sworn and enrolled — —

be

xxvi

44 Summons of a Militia man neglecting to

sworn, &c. — — xxviii

45 Warrant to levy 10I. by distress on ditto — id.

46 Warrant to commit a Militia man, where 10I.

cannot be levied — —

47 Warrant to distress for Quaker's substitutes in the

Militia — —

XXIX

48 Recognizance to indict for a Misdemeanour

45 ----- - — ----- -to answer for ditto —

50 ----- -- — ----- -to give evidence for ditto —

XXX

xxxi id. id.

51 Warrant to apprehend one breaking the Peace xxxii

52 Recognizance for keeping the Peace ..... xxxiii

53 Commitment for want of sureties to keep the Peace id.

54 Warrant

t

J

Forms of Warrants, See.

No. Page.

54. Warrant for the appointment of overseers of the

Poor

XXXIV

55 Warrant (after summons) against an overseer, for

not holding a monthly meeting for the Poor id.

. ;' 1 1 ' ' ',

56 Warrant of distress for not paying a Poor's rate xxxv

57 Warrant to bring the Pauper to be examined xxxvi

58 Form of examination of ditto before two justices id.

59 Form of a Pauper's certificate — xxxvii

€0 Order of removal of Poor — xxxviii

61 Information of Pauper, with summons and order

for relief xxxix

62 Order of Removal of a certificate person xl

63 Porm of a general Recognizance without sureties id.

64 Ditto with sureties — xli

9

65 Information of fraud respecting Rent — id.

66 Summons of an offender for aiding in ditto id.

67 Order to levy a fine for aiding in ditto — xlii

68 Warrant to search for Stolen Goods — xliii

69 Summons for non-payment of Servant's wages id.

70 Order for the payment for ditto — xliv

71 Distress for non-payment of ditto — xlv.

72 Servant's complaint against master — xlvi

73 Summons of master for ill-treatment of Servant id.

74 Discharge of a Servant xlvii

s 1 ^ ,

Mailer's

535

53<>

Forms of Warrants, See,

No.

75 Mailer's complaint against Servant

76 Warrant to apprehend disorderly Servant

77 Commitment of ditto —

78 Summons in general —

79 Certificate of Soldier's enlisting

xlviii

— id.

— xlix

— id.

80 Warrant to provide Soldier's carriages —

81 Complaint for non-payment of small Tythes

82 — ----- --- against a Quaker for refusal of Tythes

83 Summons for non-payment of small Tythes

84 Summons for payment of Quaker's Tythes

85 Order for payment of small Tythes —

86 ----- ----- ----- --- of Quaker's Tyth es —

87 Warrant of distress for small Tythes —

88 ..... — ----- ----- --for Quaker's small Tythes

89 Certificate from different counties respecting Tythes lv

90 Precept fora privy search for Vagrants — - id.

91 Vagrant's examination — —

92 Warrant for publicly whipping a Vagrant

93 Commitment of a Vagrant — —

94 Vagrant's pass, in the same jurisdiction

95 Ditto's pass to Scotland — —

96 Ditto's pass to Ireland — —

Page.

xlvii

1

id.

li

id.

lii

id.

liii

id.

liv

Ivi id. 1 vii id; lviii lix

97

Original frorn

LIBRAR

1

Forms of Warrants. &c.

No. . Page.

f . I,

I " I

97 Order for condable's charges with a Vagrant lx

i

98 Order to high constable to pay 1 os. for a Vagrant lxi

99 Warrant to levy 20s. on a constable for refilling to pay 10s. — —

100 Warrant — —

101 Form of indorsing a Warrant

m "* i

102 Search warrant for (tolen Wood

103 Warrant to levy the penalty for ditto

104 Commitment for dealing ditto

id.

lxii

id.

lxiii

id.

Ixiv

7

105 Commitment (after a summons) for aiding in ex*

porting Wool — — Ixv

Forms of Conviction,

Alehouse-keeper convicted of felling liquors, after being

disqualified — — i

----- ---- convicted of felling ale, 8cc. without a

licence — — — id.

Baker felling bread short of weight, &c. Bakers adulterating bread with allum, &c.

Z z z

11

11

Concerning

537

by CjO

. Original frorff

538

Forms of Conviction, See,

Page.

Concerning bricks and tiles — — iii

A general form of conviction — — id.

Cods awarded on conviction — V

Stealing dogs — — — id

Selling spirituous liquors without a licence — vi

Adulterating tea — — — id.

Destroying game — — — vii

fish . id.

Gaming — . — id.

Selling liquors in gaols — — IX

Concerning the highways — X

Larceny — — xi

Concerning pawning — — id.

Clothiers' servants — — xii

Hatters' servants — — id.

False reeling — — id.

Watchmakers' servants — — xiii

Slaughtering horses — — id.

XT« TT id.

Mr* TTT

Swearing

fi

NEVVYQjy^all

Forms of Conviction,

0

Swearing Stealing turnips ----- -wood —

Page.

— id.

--- XV

— id.

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c.

Chief of of salt duties — *

Church-wardens — —

Clerk of the peace — -

Constable — —

The juror's oath —

Surveyor's oath on passing his accounts Horse duty. AflelTor's oath —

Justice of the peace. His oath of office — — — His oath of qualification

Militia-man's oath —

Substitute's oath —

Postmaster's oath —

— » oath on delivering his accounts

Z Z Z 2

— XVII

— id.

— id.

— xviii

— id.

— id.

_ id.

— xix

— id,

--- XX

— id.

— id.

— xxi Returning

Hfized by

539

LIc'LlBRARY

V£>.,"4

V '4' .'*

541

TABLE of CONTENTS.

ACCESSARY Additional Duties on Taxes Affray —

Ale, Beer, &c.

Alehouses

Annuities —

Apples and Pears Apprentices —

Arraignment —

Arrest —

Assault and Battery Assizes —

Attorney —

Auction —

Auctioneers —

Page.

i

id.

3

id*

4

li

id.

id.

21

id.

23

id.

h

id.

id.

B.

Bail

Banks destroying

Bankrupt

Barratry

" 23

— 27

— id.

— 28 Bastards

54*

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Bastards Beer, Ale, &c. Bent

Black Act Blasphemy Books —

Bread Brewers

Bricks and Tiles Bridges British Wines Burglary Burning

Burying in Woallen. — See Woollen Manufacture. Butter, &c. — .

Buttons — —

c.

Cabbage Stealing. — See Turnips. Candles —

Cards. — See Stamps.

Carrier —

Carrots. — See Turnips.

Carts, Wains, &c.

Cattle —

Certiorari —

Cheat —

Characters of Servants Chelsea Pensioners —

ChimneySweepers Church and Church-Yard Church-Wardens Clergy —

Benefit of Clergy —

Clerk of the Peace v Coaches —

Coach-Makers —

Coals —

Coin — —

Commitment —

Common Prayer —

Confd&on -

T S

Page.

— 28

— 30

— — 31

— id.

— 32

- — 33

— id.

— 37

— id.

— 38

— 39

— id.

" 40

— id.

43

— 44

— 45

— 46

— 47

— 48

— 49

— 5°

— id.

— 57

— id.

— 59

— id.

— 60

— 61

— 62

— 63

— 6S

— 68

— 7°

— id.

Conspiracy

LIBRAR

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Conspiracy Con liable Conviction Corn

Coroner —

Cods —

County Court County Election Bill County Rate Curates* Licences Cudos Rotulorum

D.

Debtors

Demurrer

Deodand

Dissenters

Distress

Dogs

Drunkenness

Elfcape ----

Edray ----

Edreat -----

Evidence Examination Excise and Cudoms Excise in General

.--- Ale and Cyder

» — Candles

---- Tea, Coffee, &c.

---- Glass

.--- Hops

---- Leather

---- Linen Cloth

---- Malt

Paper

-- Plate

--Salt

. Page.

7*

— id.

— 74

7S

7*

— 79

— 80

' id.

id.

— St

id.

St

— id.

— id.

— 84

— 85

— 86

= 5.

— 88

_ id.

— 9°

— 91

— 95

— 96

— 97

— 98

— 100

— id.

— id.

— 101

— id.

— 103

— id.

— 104

--- Soap

543

Original fro^n

5 a TABLE OF CONTENTS i

Page.

Excise on Soap — — I05 j

— Spirituous Liquors » - — 106 j

. Starch —

Exportation — — id.

1 Extortion — 114

F.

Felony — — XI4

— -- Prevention of — — lIl

— Misprision of — — 116

Theftbote — — xx7

Fireworks — — id.

Fifti and Fishing. — See Game.

Forcible Entry — "7

Foreign Service - — 119

Forgery — — — 120

Frame Work Knitters — — — 121 \

Fuel 122

G.

Game 122

Game Certificates — — — ,23 \

Game-Keepers — — 124 1

Deer-stealing ' — 128

Game Destroying. — Black Act. )

Covert Destroying. — Burning.

Destroying Hares — — 130

Hawks and Hawking — — x33

9 . Swans — — x34

. Partridges and Pheasants — — id*

. Pigeons — — !A6

Water Fowl — id.

Heath Fowl — 137

Herons — >38

Fifti in Ponds, &c. — — id.

Fifti in Rivers — 140

Fifti in or near the Sea — — — id.

Gaming — — 141

In Lotteries — — x45

Gaol

1 V COO^lC 1

545

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Gaol and Gaolers Gaols —

Gauger. — See Excise. Gin. — See Excise.

Glass —

Gloves (repealed)

Good Behaviour. — Surety. Grand Larceny. — Larceny. Greyhound. — Game. Gun-powder fe; i ' —

Habeas Corpus — Bail. Hackney Coaches Hats —

Hawkers and Pedlars Hedge Breaking — Wood. Hemp —

Herring Fishery Hides. — See Leather. High Treason — Treason. Highways in general Highways — Turnpike Highway-men — Robbery. Homicide Horses

Horses and Carriages Horse Races . House House of Correction Hue and Cry . Hundred

i.

Mi \ *

Idiots — See Lunatics. Imprisonment — Arrest.

Inclosures —

Indemnity —

A a a a

e

. Page-

--- I48

— I50

I 65

166

— 171

— 173

— 174

— I85

— id.

— 186

— 207

— 212

— 219

— 220

— 222

— 228

— id.

— 229

— id. Indictment


YORK

546

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Indictment —

infants —

Information —

Inmates —

Inrolment ----

Judgment —

Jurors —

Justices of the Peace Justices in the Country

---- Power over Constables, &c.

— Extent of Jurisdiction

L.

Land Tax —

Larceny -----

Leather —

Le&urer ---

Lewdness —

Libels — —

Licence for Spirituous Liquors — For Dealers in Brandy ~ — For Retailing Wine, &c. Linen Cloth —

Lord's Day —

Lottery —

Lunatics —

Page.

230

23*

id.

*3*

id.

id.

id.

235

239

240

241

7\l

247

251

252 id. id.

253

254

255

257

261

263

265

M.

Madder

Maim —

Maintenance

Malt Duty

---- Additional (repealed)

Marine Forces Militia -

Militia Families Misdemeanour

— 266

— id.

— id.

— 267

— id.

— 276

— 300

— 302

N.

fT

m

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

N.

Northern Borders N uifance

o.

Oaths

Office

Pardon

Parliament

Partition

Pawnbroker

Perfumery

Perjury

Petition —

Pewter, Sec.

Pillory, Sec.

Plague

Players

Polygamy

Poor

---- Overseers of ditto

— No Settlement

— Certificates — Bastards

- — Legitimate Children -7 — Settlement

---- Removal

---- Relief

fopery Postage Poll. Office Post-Horses Prison-Breaking

Page.

— id.

— 3°3

303

305

A a a a 2

— 307

— id.

"" 3°9

— id.

— 319

— 330

— 33i

— id.

— 332

— id.

— 335

— id.

— 336

— id.

— 337

" 338

— 340 " . 34i

— id.

— 347

— 35°

— 364

— 366

— id.

— 368

— 369

Process

547

548

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Process —

Promissory Notes —

Prophecies —

Publication of Indecent Books, &c. —

Public Worship

Qualification, &c. Quarantine

R.

37*

373

Rape

Recognizance Restitution Riot, Rout, &c. Robbery

Roman Catholics

373

374 376 id.

379

381

s.

Seamen —

Search Warrant —

Servant —

---- Wages Rated ----

— Disputes Settled

----- Clothiers —

----- -Woollen, Linen, &c.

— -Leather —

----- -Hatters ----

Lace-makers —

Clock-makers —

Husbandmen —

Taylors.

Shoe-makers —

Duty on Servants

Female Servants' duty (repealed) Sessions ----

382 id.

383

384

385

387

390

391

39z

397 id.

399

400

401

402

411

Sewer*

NEW

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Sewers —

Sheep —

Sheriff

Shire-Hall —

Silks — — '

Slander —

Slaughtering Horses Smuggling Societies — Friendly-Soldiers Enlisting

---- Muster —

----- Carriages

» Quartering — Deferring —

— — Setting up Trades Spirituous Liquors Stage Coaches Stage Coach Act amended Stamps —

Stamp Duty on Wills

---- Callicos, &c.

Starch and Soap — -

Stolen Goods —

Summons —

Surety for the Peace x Surety for Good Behaviour

T.

Theatres Licensed Thread in Ounces Tithes Tobacco

Amended Act Torn —

Transferring Taxes Transportation Treason

Treasurer of County Turnips, &c. &c.

Page.

414

id.

id.

416

418

id.

423

425

433

43|

436

437

439

440

443

id.

446

448

452

453

454

45£

456

457 459

461

462

463

465

.47*5

479

480 486 id.

4-8/

id.

V.

549

litizee b

55°

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

v.

Vagrants — — >

See Prevention of Felonies. — *F.

w.

Warrant —

Watch and Ward ---

Weights and Measures Windows —

Wines —

Witnesses —

Women —

Wood

Wool Combing in Suffolk Woollen Manufacture Wool, Sheep, &c. — —

Work-houses Inspected Wreck ----

Page.

488

----- (

----- id. |

----- 510

----- 511

497

500 id.

501 5°3 504

5°5

id.

510

511

518

52 7

5*9

ERRATA.

In the sheet H h, for page 133 — & fcq. read 233 — &feq.

Precedents

APPENDIX,

TO THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANT.

Alehouses — unlicensed.

BY an aa 5 G. III. c. 46, and other laws, persons felling Ad 5, t7. r* ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, with- 46, &c. recited, out licence, were liable and subject by different laws to different penalties and punishments, and every person lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, without being duly licensed so to do, should, for every such offence, forfeit and undergo the several penalties and punishments therein mentioned and provided ; i. e. for the fird offence the sum of 40s. and colls; and in case such sum, together with the charges, should not be paid within the space of 14 days, that then the offender should suffer imprisonment for the space of one month, unless he or they should sooner pay such penalty, and the cods of such conviction; and for the second offence the sum of 4I. and the cods; and in case of non-payment within one week, the offender should suffer imprisonment for the space of two months, unless he or they should sooner pay such penalty of 4I. and the cods; and for the third offence the sum of 61. and the cods ; and in case of non-payment within three days that the offender should suffer imprisonment for three months, unless he or they should sooner pay such penalty of 61. and the cods; and the like penalty for every other offence after the third offence, and conviction thereof, as for the third ; all which said cods and expences should be assessed, settled, and ascertained, by the judice or justices of the peace before whom such offenders should respectively be convicted ; any law, datutp, or cudom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding ; and which penalties and forfeitures should be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety, and also the cods, to the prosecutor of every such offender: the recited part of 5 G. III. c. 46, is repealed _ . *

hereby, and from September 20, 1795, persons felling, or part ^pealed* permitting to be sold in their houses, exciseable liquors by retail without licence, are liable to the penalty of 20I. and also the cods &nd expences attending the conviction, to be levied 35 II3#

and recovered as herein is directed; and on a second con vie- Penal t> increased

B bbb

tion to ao1*

NI:W YORK

Original froin^

554

Alehouses — unlicensed.

35 C. 3. c. 113.

Disqualifird to kerp public, house.

Id.

Onejuft:ce may determine.

One witness.

Penalty in three (fays.

Warrant of distress.

Id.

Goods fold within four days

Allowance to the officer and his affiifant, if necessary.

tion for the like offence, he, she, or they, shall also be rendered incapable of being thereafter licensed to keep an ale-house, or to fell ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail-

Any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the time being, of the county, or place, where such offence shall be committed, may hear and determine the same in a summary way ; may summon the party or parties accused, and also any person or persons as a witness or witnesses, on either side, and upon appearance, or contempt by not appearing, of the party or parties accused, may proceed to hear the matter in a summary way, and also examine any witness or witnesses on oath, and give judgment, therein; and upon proof of the offence, either by confession of the party or parties, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, may convitt the party or parties so accused or complained against of the offence laid to his, her, or their charge 5 and if the penalties with the costs be not paid at the time and place of conviction, if present, (or if absent), within the space of three days after notice, either personally served, or left for him, her, or them, at the place where the offence shall have been committed ; the justice or justices convicting the offender or offenders, shall issue his or their warrant or warrants of distress, empowering the person or persons to whom the same shall be directed, to make distress of the goods and chattels of such offender of offenders, wheresoever they shall or may be found, within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices convicting such offender or offenders, and also any goods and chattels found, or being in the house, or other place, in which such offence shall have been committed, belonging to or occupied therewith, or which should be found or be in any house, or other place, which shall have been entered at the excise office for keeping or laying any beer or ale, cyder cr perry therein, by or in the name or names of such offender or offenders: the officers shall execute warrants agreeably to 27^. II. c. 13, intituled, cc an act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon distresses to be made by warrants of justices of the peace, the provisions of which, and of 33 G. III. c. 55, as to execution of warrants, shall extend to this act.

At the request of the owner or owners of the goods so distrained, the same may be sold at any time within the four days allowed by the said act of the 27th year of his late Majesty.

There shall be paid and allowed to the officer executing such warrant of distress, for the safe keeping of the goods and chattels so distrained, for each day such goods and chattels shall be in his custody, such sum not exceeding 5s. per day,

and

Alehouses — unlicensed. 555

and for any person or persons acting therein in the aid 35G. 3 *. 113.

and assistance of such officer, such sum not exceeding 2s.

per day for each such person, as the convicting justice or juf-

tices shall allow and direct to be paid, due proof being first

made on oath, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices,

that sufficient cause exilted for calling in the aid and affiltance

of such person or persons.

One moiety of the penalty so levied shall be paid to the Dlfpoftl of pe-informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish, or place, in which the offence shall have been committed, as the justice or justices shall direct; if sufficient distress cannot be found, the justice may commit the offender to the Commitment common gaol, or other prison within the limits of his or for want of their jurisdiction, for any term not exceeding six calendar distress. months, nor less than three calendar months, unless the said penalty or penalties, with the costs, charges, and expences, of all proceedings attending the conviction and warrant of distress, shall be sooner paid.

And whereas many persons do presume to carry on and ex- what shall le ercife the trade of alehouse-keeper and victualler, and retailer deemed legal of beer and ale, without licence, and to make entry of Ammons, houses, out-houses, cellars, vaults, or store-houses, for laying or keeping such beer or ale, by assumed or feigned names, and such beer and ale is frequently retailed in houses, out-houses, or other places detached from their place of residence, whereby the purposes of the law have been, and (till continue to be, evaded ; be it further enacted, that in case any summons shall be issued by any justice or justices of the peace for any person or persons to appear and answer to any information or complaint for selling by retail any beer, ale, or other ex-cifeable liquors, without licence, the directing such summons to such person by the name in which such person shall have entered any house, out-house, cellar, vault, or store-house, for laying or keeping of beer or ale, or in the names by which such person or persons is or are, or has or have been, usually known, whether the same be the real and proper, or the assumed or feigned names of such person or persons ; and the leaving such summons at the house, out-houses, cellar, vault or other (tore house or place in which such offence is dated in any information to have been committed, and affixing a copy thereof on the door, or other conspicuous part on the outside thereof (such service being proved on oath of the person or persons who shall have so served such summons, and so affixed such copy) shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a notice or summons to all intents and purposes, as if the same'was personally given or delivered to, or into the hands of, the party or parties to whom the same shall be directed ; and as if the same was directed to the party

B b b b 2 or

556 Alehouses — -unlicensed.

35 (7.3. r. 113. or parties by his, her, or their proper and real name or names.

And every alehouse-keeper, victualler, or retailer of beer or ale, who shall take or receive into or have in his, her, or their custody, possession, or power, any beer or ale to fell or y dispose thereof by retail, shall, at least three days before he.

Previous entry or they, shall begin so to sell or dispose of any such ale

to be made. dr beer, make a true and particular entry in writing at the office of excise, next to the place where such ale or beer shall be intended to be sold and disposed of, of all and every house, out-house, cellar, or other place used, or to be used, for laying or keeping any such beer or ale, or for felling the same ; True name of which said entry shall set forth the true name or names of the persons, enter- person or person3 so making such entry, and shall also express Ing. whether the person making the same be an alehouse-keeper,

victualler, or retailer ; and such person or persons shall be deemed to be the occupier or occupiers, proprietor or proprietors, of all and every house, out-house, cellar, vault, room, store-house, or other place, so entered, for laying or keeping such ale or beer, or for felling the same, so long as such entry shall remain in force, or such ale or beer shall be or remain in the custody, possession, or power, of the person or persons making such entry ; and if any person or persons shall, contrary to the directions of this act, make use of any house, out-house, cellar or other place, for the laying, keeping, or felling, of beer or ale, to be sold or disposed of by retail, without having made such entry as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall respectivety forfeit, for every de-penalty 50I. for fault or neglect, the sum of 50I. to be sued for and recovered, non entry; in such manner as is directed by any law relating to the excise ; and all store-houses, cellars, rooms, or other places used by any such innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer, for the purpose of laying or keeping any beer or ale, or worts in calk, without being so entered, shall be deemed and taken to be private and concealed store-houses, cellars, or places, within the meaning of all, each, and every act and acts of parliament now in force in relation to private and concealed store-houses, cellars, or places, for the keeping or laying ex-cifeable liquors.

Liquors liable to All beer, ale, cyder, perry, and other exciseable liquors, toge-distress. ther with all other goods and chattels found in every and any

house, outhouse, cellar, or other place where any such offence as aforesaid shall have been committed, or in any house, or other place belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, or which shall have been entered as aforesaid at the excise office, by or in the name or names of the person or persons convicted, by whom or by what title or conveyance soever the same may be claimed, shall be liable to such warrant or warrants of dif-

tress

Alehouses — unlicensed.

tress to satisfy all penalties, coils, and charges, incurred by any person or persons for any offence or offences committed within or upon the same premises, or any part thereof as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful to levy the penalties, and costs, and charges, and u(e such proceedings in respect of the same, as it is lawful to do in case the offender or offenders had been truly and really the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of the same.

Any person making entry shall be deemed a retailer of beer, ale, &c. and any justice or justices may summon excise.officers to produce entries and (lock-books, and may examine them on oath respecting such entry or entries of any houses, out-hotifes, cellars or other places, for keeping, beer or ale, or respecting any (lock of any person or persons making such entries : and may summon retailers to produce licences y- and for not producing them, may adjudge the defaulters guilty ; and liable to the penalties herein imposed on persons retailing beer or ale without licence.

If any person shall be summoned to appear as a witness, to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace touching the matters aforesaid, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his or her neglect or refusal, (to be allowed by such justice or justices of the peace) or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence to such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of iol. to be levied by warrant of distress; and if no sufficient distress can be found, the said justice or justices before whom, and in whose contempt the offence was committed* shall and may commit such offender to the common gaol or other prison, within his or their jurisdiction for any term not exceeding the space of six calendar months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid, and such penalty shall be applied to the use of the poor of the parish, township, or place, in which such offence shall have been committed, in such manner as the justice or justices so convidling shall dircdt and appoint.

If any person or persons whatsoever, after fservice of any summons to appear and answer to any charge of felling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, without licence, shall convey away any goods or chattels herein before made liable to any warrant of distress, from the house, out-house, cellar, or other place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or from any house, or place belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, or from any house, out-house, cellar, or place, which shall have been entered at the office of excise, by or in the

name


557

3jC. s.r.iij.

Person making entry deemed a retailer.

Witness refilling to appear.

Or to be examined,

Forfeits iol.

Or committed for six months.

Penalty to the

poor.

Goods conveyed away.

558

$5 G. j. 113-

May be seized whenS found.

By i ndor fed war* taut.

Person* aggrieved may appeal.

Notice to be given*.

Oregon of feffiana final. ^

Alehouses — unlicensed.

name or names of the person or persons convicted for keeping or laying of beer or ale, or for felling the same ; it shall and may be lawful for the officer to whom such warrant is directed, or other person or persons lawfully empowered or acting in his aid or assistance, within 30 days after such conveying away, to seize the same wherever they may be found, and dispose of them in such manner as if they had been distrained on the premises: and if any of the goods or chattels so removed shall be carried into any county, city, or place, out of the juris-diction of the magistrate or magistrates originally issuing such warrant of distress, it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county or place into which such goods or chattels shall be so conveyed, and he is hereby required on proof on oath of the hand-writing of such justice or justices originally signing such warrant, to indorse his name on the back thereof, which shall be sufficient authority to any person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, to execute such warrant of distress, and to proceed in such manner as if such goods had been found and seized within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices, who signed the original warrant.

if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the judgment of any justice or justices, any and every such person may appeal to the next general quarter sessions, unless such sessions shall be holden within six days next after such conviction shall be made, and in such case to the next subsequent sessions, and not afterwards; such person at the time of such conviction giving to such justice or justices notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal, and also giving security, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, for the payment of the penalty, cods, and expences, aforesaid, in case such judgment shall be confirmed on such appeal, and also further entering into a recognizance at the time of such notice, with sufficient sureties conditioned to try the appeal, and to abide the judgement, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices assembled at such sessions; and the justices so assembled shall thereupon proceed to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and their judgement thereon shall be final, and in case of any such appeal shall be adjudged frivolous or vexatious, it shall and may be lawful to give and adjudge to the party or parties grieved by such appeal, his, her, or their, reasonable cods and charges, not exceeding in the whole the sum of 5I. on any one appeal.

Convictions in the form set forth by 26 G. JI. c. 31, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

If such person hath not been before convicted of any offence avainst this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to mitigate and lessen the penalty, but not otherwise, so as

that

NEW YORfcPUB

Goode

Alehouses — unlicensed. 559

that the penalty To mitigated and lessened shall not be less than icl.

Any inhabitant of any parish, township, or place, in which any offence shall be committed contrary to this act, shall be deemed a competent witness.

All penalties within this act shall be sued for and determined within six months after the offences shall be committed.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to prohibit any person or persons from felling any ale or beer in booths or other places, at the time and place of holding any lawful and accustomed fair, in like manner as such person or persons was or were authorized to dq before the passing of this act, by virtue of any law or statute in that behalf*

Butter — packed for Sale. 3«& 3. r.

THE regulations for making vessels for packing butter, We,ght, fixe, ft by this act, are as follows Every tub to weigh from *

i I to 151b. avoirdupois weight: top and bottom to be no more than 5-8ths of an inch thick: to contain not less than 841b. avoirdupois weight.

Every firkin to weigh from 7 to nib.: top and bottom not more than 4~8ths of an inch thick: to contain not less than 561b. avoirdupois weight.

Every half firkin to weigh from to 61b.: top and bottom 3-8ths of an inch: contents 281b.

A penalty of 10s. on the cooper for each vessel made con- Penalty? trary to the above directions.

All butter vessels shall be branded with the name of the Vessels how maker and the weight, on penalty of 10s. marked.

Every dairy man* farmer, or feller of butter, or other per- Buts^ ^oir son who shall pack any butter for sale, shall pack the same in packed, vessels so made and matked as aforesaid, and no other; and when such vessel shall have been soaked and seasoned, shall on the bottom thereof, on the inside, and on the top of every such vessel, on the outside, with an iron, brand his Christiati name and his surname at length, in permanent and legible letters ; and shall also, with an iron, brand on the top, on the outside, and on the bouge or body of every such vessel, the true weight and tare of such empty vessel, when the same shall have been soaked and seasoned ; and shall also, with an iron, brand his Christian name and surname at length, in permanent and legible letters, on the bouge or body of every such vessel, across two different (laves at lead, to prevent such (laves from being taken out and changed ; and also shall distinctly

1 zee by

560

1&G. 3 c, 86. Penalty.

Putter not to be mixed.

How Tilted.

Frauds how punished.

The full quantity to be delivered.

Penalty for re*

packing.

Foreign butter how marked.

Foreign marks how punished.

Butter — packed for Sale.

tin<5Hy, and at length, imprint his Christian name and stir-name upon the top of the butter contained in every such vessel when so filled; upon a penalty of 5I. for not conform* ing to such directions.

No butter which is old or corrupt shall be mixed or packed up into any tub, firkin, or half firkin whatsoever, with any butter which is new and found ; nor shall any whey butter be packed or mixed with any butter that is made of cream, but the said respective forts of butter shall be packed up Severally and apart by themselves, and shall not be mixed one with another. No butter shall be salted with any great salt, but all butter shall be salted and Saved with Small fine salt; nor shall more salt be intermixed with the butter than shall be needful for its preservation, under a penalty of 5I. for each offence.

If any change, alteration* fraud, or deceit shall be made , used, or practised, by any farmer, dairy man, and feller of butter, or factor for the sale or buying thereof* of any other person or persons whomsoever, either in the vessel wherein butter shall be packed for sale as aforesaid, or in the butter itself therein contained, after the packing of any butter for fele in any such vessel as aforesaid, all and every person or persons who shall be concerned in making any such change, alteration, or in using or practising such fraud or deceit* shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of 30).

Every person who shall fell any tub, firkin, or half firkin of butter* shall deliver the full and due quantity appointed by this act* and not lese, or in default thereof shall be liable to make satisfaction to the person or persons who shall buy the same for what shall be wanting, according to the price for which the same was fold ; and shall be liable to an action on the case for recovery of such fiitisfadion, together with costs of suit.

No dealer in butter, or other person, shall repack for sale any butter, in any such tub, firkin, or half firkin as aforesaid, upon pain that every such person shall, for every tub, firkin, or half firkin so re-packed, forfeit and pav the sum of 5I.

But foreign butter may be re-packed in vessels used fot British butter, if, after the names are so taken out and effaced, the dealer shall* with an iron* brand his, or her* Christian name and surname, in words at length, and the words " Foreign Butter" in permanent and legible letters, upon the bouge or body of every such vessel or vessels, across two Haves at lead, to denote that such butter is foreign butter.

If any person shall be hereafter convicted of counterfeiting or forging any of the names or marks of any owners, farmers, or dairy men, or of camfuvgthe same, or any.of them, or any part

NEW

Butter — packed for Sale.

561

not

part thereof, to be counterfeited or forget}, the person or 36*7 3 c, $$4 u persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of 4.0I.

All and every offence and offences committed against this Recovery aft, the mode of determining which is not herein-before pre- application of scribed, and where the penalty for the offence shall not ex ceed the sum of 5I. shall be inquired of, sued for, heard, and determined before one or more justice or justices of the peace, where such offence shall be committed ; and upon proof thereof, by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, before such justice or justices, the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred shall or may be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, the overplus (after deducting the charges of distraining and costs) being to be rendered to such offender ; and such penalties and forfeitures shall be to the use of the informer or informers; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal or their hands and seals, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or ho use of correction of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-eight days, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges,* shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

The justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this act shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following; (that is to say),

rr 1 BE it remembered, 7hat on this

T°Wt;\ day of A. B.

before of his Majesty's justice or justices of the

peace for the said county of (or, for the

riding or division of the said county, of or, for the city, liberty, or to wn of as the case shall happen

to be) for that the said A. B. on (time of committing the offence), at (place of committing offence), did (here state the offence against the act according to the fast), contrary to the form of the statute in that case made and provided; and the said adjudge hint or her to pay and forfeit for the said offence the sum of Given under my hand

and seal, (or, our hands and seals), the day and year first above*-mentioned.

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction, fairly written upon parchment, shall be transmitted to the next general or quarter fession of the peace to be holden for

C ccc the

. . „ . Form of convic*

is conviBed t*loa.

562

36 G» 3. c» 86.

Appeal may be made to the next quarter sessions.

Con vision a not o be set aside for want of form, nor removeable into any Court at Westminster.

Recovery and application of penal ties exceeding jl.

General issue may be pleaded.

What butter ^

eluded.

Limitation of adtioni.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

Curatci* stipend,

Butter — packed for Sale.

the county, &c. wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter fession.

If any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any determination of any justice or justices, such person or persons may appeal to the next general or general quarter session of the peace to be holden for the county or place where the said offence shall be committed or alledged to be committed, and the justices assembled, pre-siding at such general or general quarter fession, are hereby empowered to award costs to either party, as to them shall seem meet in respect of such appeal.

No conviction made, or judgment given as aforesaid, shall be set aside for want of form, if the material facts alledged in such conviction be proved to the satisfaction of the said court 5 nor shall any such conviction be removed by certiorari, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, amounting to more than the sum of 5I. shall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to the use of him, her, or them, who (hats inform or sue for the same, With costs of suit.

If any person or persons shall at any time be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special jMtter in evidence in his or their defence or defences ; and u^ftfifwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant, such defendant shall have double costs.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to the packing of ®ot- ftr ol^er vessel which shall not be capable of avoirdupois weight of butter.

Every infor^tmn,4lprosecution, or suit, which shall be ,"2J og brought forVaa^ offence committed against this act, q^jmjfn^e^fv^hln'four months.

apd begin to be in force July ift,

p*1'and pan of 4 WiU* *nd

tSifSg' &al1 e*tend w *hat p»rt of

8^ % ^ v4V

if(h5d^?4)fS?iA¥jr Wa^appoint a stipend

;J pit$an. iffWf the parsonage

act to noiibi v*;u,xj*p 1 \ Loufc,

ooooO

1

NEW

Curates* Stipends. 563

1 # ^ j ^ L 0

house, on livings where the reftor or vicar does not personally ^ ^

xefide four months in the year at lead, or an allowance for it of 15I. per ann. such use to be granted to the said curate for the space of twelve calendar months, the said house, garden, and liable, being for the use of the said curate and his family only during his actual residence in the said rectory and vicarage house.

The bishop or ordinary shall have power, at any time, un- The grant of the der his hand and seal, to revoke the grant to the said curate house r:?octble. of the said house, garden, and liable, or any of them; and also to insert in such grant such terms and conditions to be observed on the part of the curate as he shall think reasonable; and the curate shall peaceably deliver up the poCession of the -premises at the expiration or other sooner determination of the grant thereof; and in case he shall refuse so to do, he Penalty on not shall forfeit and lose to the reftor or vicar all such parts of delivering it up. his dipend as shall then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due, and also the sum of 50I. to such rector or vicar, which shall be recoverable in an action of debt.

Churches augmented by Queen Anne's bounty, shall what churches be deemed benefices presentative, so as that the licence deemed benefice* thereto shall operate in the same manner as institution to such benefices, and shall render voidable other livings in like manner as institution to the said benefices: the bishop or ordinary within whose jurisdiction such augmented church, curacy, or chapel, shall lie, may appoint under his hand and seal any dipend or allowance for the officiating curate to be nominated or employed by the perpetual curate or incumbent thereof, not exceeding 75I. per ann. for which payment the said curate iiall have the same and like remedies as are herein-before given to the curates of rectors and vicars.

All such benefices as were held in conjunction with aug- what i*neficcl men ted cures before the passing of this act, shall continue to to be held by tht be held by the present incumbents therewith ; and it shall present iucum-not be lawful to present to the said benefices until they shall bent* become void or voidable by death or cession, or by other lawful cause of avoidance, arising after the passing of this act.

The bishop or ordinary may apportion the dipend to of- Perpetual curt-ficiating curates of perpetual curacies not augmented. ciei.

The ordinary may license curates employed, though no curateg* licence nomination shall have been made to him by the incumbent, granted or re-and may revoke any licence, subject to appeal to the arch- voiced, bishop of the province, as well in the case of a grant of a li- Subject to appeal cence to a curate who has not been nominated, as in the re- to archf>ilhop. vocation of a licence granted to a curate.

C c c c 2 Dairies

564

[V.AV

Dairies exempted from Window

36 C. 1.C1IJ. f

lax.

Exemption of dairies.

Dairies how constructed.

How inscribed.

BY this act, duties on windows are not to be charged on places used solely for drying, keeping, or making cheese or butter.

This exemption is to extend only to windows without glass, and places kept solely for the before-mentioned purposes.

Dairies are to be liable to duty unless the words €< Dairy and Cheese Room" be distinctly painted on the doors.

36 G. 3. c, 114.

What dogs chargeable with 5s*

3s. only for other dogs, where one is kept.

Puppies not

ch-r^rable.

Duties how collected.

Mode of assess. ment.

Dog Tax.

. .

Commissioners*

powers.

Surveyors how to act.

Notices how given.

FROM July 5, 1796, 5s. shall be paid annually for every greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, and also for each dog, where two or more dogs shall be so kept. Every person who shall inhabit any dwelling house, assessed to any of the duties on inhabited houses, or on windows or lights, and shall keep one dog and no more, such dog not being a greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, shall be charged and assessed annually, with the sum of 3s. for such dog.

The duty is not to extend to dogs not six months old, the proof of which to lie on the owner.

The duties hereby imposed on dogs shall be assessed, raised, collected, and received, by such persons as are appointed for assessing, collecting, and receiving the duties on horses.

The first assessment under this act shall be made for three quarters of a year, from the 5th day of July, 1796, and in the first lift to be made out in pursuance of this act, the same shall contain the greatest number of dogs kept in the year preceding, and ending on the 5th day of July, 1796, and afterwards the said assessments shall be made for one year from the 5 th day of April in every year; and in the lifts to be made out for any subsequent year, the same shall contain the greatest number of dogs kept in the year preceding, and ending on the 5th day of April yearly.

Commissioners for the duties on horses shall be of for executing this act, with the like powers. Their first meeting under this act shall be before July 30, 1796, and afterwards shall meet at such days and times as the said of shall think proper to appoint. The several surveyors for the duties on horses shall act in like manner in the execution of this act.

Commissioners for taxes may direct joint or distinct notices to be given to persons liable to the duties on horses and dogs.

Assessors

Dog Tax.

565

Assessors neglecting to prepare or deliver notices shall, on complaint thereof made to the of, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding 5I. nor iefs than 40s. to be levied as any other penalty inflicted by such of for neglect of duty by any law in force.

Persons keeping hounds may compound for the duty, and shall pay, or cause to be paid, the full sum of 15I. within 30 days after July 5, 1796, and in any subsequent year, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of 20I. within 30 days af-ter the 5th day of April in such year. That if such person shall be liable to be assess'ed in respect of the said duty in two or more parishes or places, then he or she shall declare in which parish or place such competition is intended to be made ; and every collector to whom such composition shall be paid, shall give a receipt for the same, as and for a compofl-tion for the duty by this act imposed.

All the monies from time to time arising by the duties by this act, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund

If any afiion or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case, the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, the defendant may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff, the defendant may recover treble costs.

36 G. 3. c, 124.

AfTtfflTors punishment for neglect.

Hounds compounded for.

Monies how rp* plied.

Limitation of actions.

General issue.

Treble Costs*

Game.

FROM and after the passing of this act, so much of the act 36 G. 3. c. 39, of 2. G. III. c. 19, as relates to the taking, killing, chan„e or- tirre destroying, using, or having, any partridge before the lit day of September in any year, shall be, and the same is tridges. hereby declared to be repealed.

And from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons shall, on any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their possession or uie, any partridge, between the 12th day of February and the 14th Limited to » day of September in any year; and if any person or persons SePc* *4*

shall transgress this act in the case aforesaid, every such person shall be liable to the same penalty as by the said act is laid and imposed on any person or persons transgressing the same; such penalty to be imposed, inflicted, recovered, applied

566

36 G, 3. r. 39.

36 G. 3. ( So*

Duties on 11-cences to vend gloves repealed.

35 G. 3. .. 49-

Certificate to be annually taken.

1

What deemed hair powder.

Who exempted.

Clergymen.

Subaltern in army and navy.

Only two daughters to be paid for.

Dissenting pieache:s exempted.

Under management of stamp-office.

Game.

plied, and disposed of, in such and the same manner and under such and the same roles, regulations, and restrictions, as in and by the said act is provided and directed, with respect to the penalty thereby imposed on persons transgressing the said act.

Glove Licence Duty repealed.

BY this act, the stamp duties imposed by 25 G. III. c. 5$, on licences to vend gloves and mittens to cease and determine.

Hair Powder.

FROM and after May 5, 1795, every person, who shall use or wear any powder, commonly called Hair Powder, shall previously enter his or her name and place of abode, and annually take out a certificate thereof, for which there shall be charged a stamp duty of il. and is.

Every fort of composition of poivder, which shall be used or worn by any person, as an article of his or her dress, shall be deemed hair powder.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any of the royal family, or to any of the immediate servants of his Majesty, or of any of the royal family.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed any clergyman, who shall not be possessed of an annual income of 100I. or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical preferment or otherwise; nor any subaltern or non-com mi (honed officer, or private man, belonging to any regiment in the army, artillery, militia, division of marines, corps of engineers or fencible corps ; nor any other officer employed in his Majesty's navy under the rank of commander, nor any officer or private roan in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, either cavalry or infantry, raised by virtue of an act, of the 34th year of his Majesty's reign.

Any person, who shall have more than two daughters unmarried, shall be at liberty, on paying for two of the number, to receive a certificate for the whole number, of whom he shall give an account.

This act shall not extend to dissenting preachers, not possessed of an income of 100I. per ann. however arising.

The duty hereby granted shall be under the management of the commissioners for (lamps.

Com-

Go

Hair Powder. 567

Commissioners are to appoint officers within certain limits c. 3. e. 49. for receipt of names, and places of abode ; and the head distributors shall appoint them without such limits.

Offices are to be kept open as the of shall direct, who shall cause the same, and their situations, Sec. to be advertised.

The names of all persons in the same dwelling may be in one account, but certificates are to be issued for each.

Mailers paying the duty for servants, are to receive certifi- Servants'certificates, which shall extend to the successors in the same capa- cate transfera-city. blc*

Commissioners shall cause to be prepared books, containing certificates, See.

On the payment of the duty tnefe certificates are to be filled up, and delivered.

The respective distributors to return books of certificates to the of, who shall transmit lifts annually of the Ufa annually persons who have obtained certificates to the respective clerks transiritted to of the peace. See. such lifts to be open to the inspection of clcfk» of peace, any person, at all seasonable hours, on payment of 6d. and no more. Copies may be required by justices gratis, on notice Justices may in writing being left at the office of the said of, have copies, clerks of the peace, &c.

Clerks of the peace. Sec. shall transmit copies of lifts to the Liftt on church-parish officers. Sec. to be affixed on the church doors, and doors, every person, wilfully tearing, defacing, or removing, any such copy so affixed, within the space of four weeks, shall l*r removl forfeit, for every offence, the sum of 40s. on conviction before .^,n6 or rcmov-a justice of the peace, to be paid, one moiety thereof to the churchwarden or overseers of the poor, constable, tythingman, or other peace officer aforesaid, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers.

If any person shall use or wear, as an article of his or her Penalty *ol. for dress, any powder, commonly called Hair Powder, without noC.^kin§ out« having obtained a certificate from the proper officer of (lamps, certl cate* every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 20I. which shall be sued for and recovered in the county, &ct where such offender shall be; and if any person, having obtained any such certificate, shall afterwards fell, transfer, assign, or deliver the same, to any other person, with intent that such certificate shall be fraudulently made use of to the diminution of his Majesty's revenue granted by this act, or if any person shall fraudulently use any such certificate, in order to evade the payment of the said duty, by this act imposed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 30I.

No person, who shall come into this kingdom from foreign Foreigners exparts, shall be required to obtain his or her certificate, in pur- emPt for twenty

fuance one <*>*

568

35 G. 3. e. 49*

Clerks of the peace and parifH officers rewarded for their trouble.

Penalty on negligent officers.

Notice to be left as in other cases.

Hair Powder.

fuance of this act, before the expiration of 21 days next after such arrival ; and the proof of such person's arrival from foreign parts, and of the time of such arrival, shall lie upon the party claiming such privilege.

The respective clerks of the peace, See. shall be entitled to reasonable rewards, as the comroissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, shall authorise and direct, for their care and trouble in'and about the execution of this act ; and such reasonable reward as the said of of stamp duties shall, /rom time to time, authorise, shall also be given and allowed to the respective churchwardens, ove^seers of the poor, constables, tythingmen, or other peace-officers, for any thing done by them respectively in the execution of this act, to be paid by the clerks of the peace. See. respectively employing such constables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, to be charged in their accounts with the said of of stamp duties

If any officer, appointed to receive accounts of persons* names and places of abode in pursuance of this act, or to make out and issue certificates, or to return lifts and copies thereof, shall neglect to perform his or their duty in the execution of such office, or shall commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent practice in the execution of such office, and be lawfully convicted, then such officer, or other person aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 50I.

Such persons, who are or shall be appointed surveyors, in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament for the duties on houses and windows or lights, shall and may, within 14 days after the 5th day of April yearly, give or leave notice to or for every occupier of any dwelling-house where any person, liable to the duties hereby imposed, shall reside within the limits of the places, for which such surveyors are to act, at his or her dwelling-house (and where such dwelling houses shall be divided into different (lories or apartments, and occupied distinctly by several persons, then to or for the occupier of each district, (lory, or apartment) to prepare and produce, within 14 days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a list in writing, to the bed of his or her belief, of the christian and surname of each and every person resident in such dwelling-house, and liable to the duty hereby imposed, who shall, within the year ending the 5th day of April preceding such notice, to his or Jier knowledge, have used, or worn hair powder, and the situation or capacity of such person, in respect of the family or families in such dwelling-house ; in which lift all persons of the family, and all apprentices, servants, lodgers, and inmates, which, to the best of his or her knowledge or belief, are respectively liable

to

Go,

Hair Powder.

569

to the said duty, whether such persons, or any of them, shall 35 g. 3. c. 49.

have obtained certificates, in pursuance of this act or not,

shall be included; and every such occupier shall, after such

notice so given or left, make out such lift, and sign the same with Lift to be signed

his or her own name, and shall also, at the same time, make occupier.

2 declaration signed by him or her, of the county, riding,

&c. where such occupier so resident shall have obtained, or

doth intend to obtain, his or her certificate, and whether for

himself or herself only, or for any part of his or her family or

servants, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be

delivered, to such surveyor; and a penalty of 20I. shall be Penalty for neg-

levied on occupiers for neglect. The conviction of any such ieft*

occupier, for any such neglect or omission, shall not be

deemed to exempt the person so omitted, or not returned, from

paying the duty by this act imposed, or from prosecution or

punishment for any offence against this act.

Surveyors are to transmit lifts to the of for Lifts to be trans-taxes, -who shall transmit copies to the of osmitted to tax-stamps. offices.

Occupiers are not to include in the lifts, residents, who Occasional refi-have usual residence elsewhere. dents not in-

One moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures jiuied* .

1 rJ 1 , r 1 < r .r r. Distribution or

hereby imposed (except where other provisions are expressly {)Cnait;€S.

made) shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar

months, from the time of such penalty or forfeiture being

incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full colls of suit, to the person

or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, within the

time aforesaid.

In default of prosecution within the time herein-before If more than limited, no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards three months af-recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty's attorney ^11° ho^rcco-general in England, or advocate in Scotland, by information an^ 3^-°" in the respective courts aforesaid ; in which case the whole of piicd. such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty.

Any justice of the peace residing near the place where the Any justice may offence shall be committed may hear and determine any hc.ar and dctcr' offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any not

pecuniary penalty, not exceeding 20I. within three calendar more than 20I. months after the offence committed he may summon the party accused, giving to each party three days' notice to appear, also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fad, and upon proof made thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more creditable witness or witnesses, or otherwise, as the case may require, may give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this act is directed to be Half to the poor, divided, one moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place half to the in- '

D d d d where former.

57°

35 G. 3 49*

Where the party infHs that he hat obtained a certificate elsewhere.

Penalty on wit* hess summonfd, and not appearing, &c.

Form of conviction.

Conviction on parchment.

Not rernoveabtf*

Hair Powder.

where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers. The penalty may be levied by distress on the goods of the offender, and sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) ; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, the said justice may commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any space of time not exceeding fix, nor less than three, calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be (ooner paid and satisfied. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, which shall happen after 14 days next after such conviction, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, which shall finally hear and determine the same. The justice may adjourn the hearing of a complaint where the party insists that, he has obtained a certificate in another place, and, where he shall see cause, may mitigate any such penalties, as he shall think fit (reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation) and so as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to less than the moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs.

Jf any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before such justice, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice of the peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on oath and give evidence, every such person shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of 40s. to be levied and paid as other penalties.

Be it remembered, That on the day of in the

year of our Lord in the county of A. B.

of was conviSled before me C. D. one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for ref din % near the place 'where the offence was committed, for that the said A. Be on the day of now laf pafy did, contrary to the form of the

fatute in that case made and provided (here state the offence against the ad) ; and I do declare and adjudge that the said A. B. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money

of Gxtat Britain, for the offence aforesaid> to be distributed as the law direfis, Given under my hand and Jeal the day of

Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be written fairly upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, &c. where such conviction was made, there to remain and be kept among the records, and no such conviction shall be removed by Certiorari, or other process, into any court whatsoever.

Perfo n


Hair Powder.

57i

Persons claiming exemptions muil prove their right; and 356. 3 £.49. the income of beneficed clergymen mud be estimated oh the Exemptions average o^ seven years. Proved-

The, penalty for counterfeiting, &c. (lamps is death ; as in Counterfeiting cases of felony without benefit of clergy. damps, felony.

All things, prescribed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties, (and not hereby altered) shall as far as the same are applicable, be applied, and put in execution, according to the true intent and meaning of this

ha.

The duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to Duties where time intp the hands of the receiver-general, of the time being, Pa‘,d« of the stamp-duties, who shall pay the same (the necessary charges being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer.

Better Collection of Duty on Hats:

FROM August: 5, (796, so much of the act 24 G. III.

fess. 2. c. 51, as relates to issuing, and affixing stamped tickets on hats, and the provisions for enforcing the collection of the duties is to cease, and from thenceforth the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the provisions, and subject to the penalties herein-after contained and expressied.

Commissioners of (lamps are to provide (lamps, and put this act in execution.

From Aug. 5, 1796, the new duty is to be calculated according to the full price of the hat. Every such hat which shall be fold and delivered, shall, previous to such delivery, be lined or covered in the inside of the crown thereof with silk, linen, or other proper materials, whereon a durable stamp can be affixed, to denote the duties imposed, and on which materials a (lamp or mark, to be provided by the said of, shall have been stamped or marked, according to the rate of duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the directions of this act.

Any person or persons may bring or send to the head office of llamps any quantities proper for the purpose of lining the inside of the crown of such hats, and cut into (hapes for that purpose, to be marked and stamped, as the person or persons bringing the same shall require. An account of the numbers brought, and of the duties, is to be entered in a book, and the (hapes are to be then (lampt, on payment of the duty. Every such (lamp to be and remain visible and conspicuous when the same shall have been affixed to any hat.

The Commissioners may op$n accouts with dealers or manu-fastorers of linings for hats, who shall have given, to the

D d d d 2 " satis-

36 G. 3. <r. 125.

This act by whom executed.

How the duty is to be calculated,

Lining stamped

At the stamp-office.

Account of linings stamped to be entered.

Bond from dealers to Commissioners.

Original fro#

572 Better Collection of Duty on Hats.

Dealers in hats with each other.

Stamp to be visible.

Regulations be made, printed, and delivered.

36 C?. 3. c. 125. satisfaction of the said of, security by bond to his Majesty, for the payment of the duties.

Any dealers in hats, being licenced in pursuance of the former act, during the continuance of such licence, may fell to any other dealer or dealers in hats licenced in like manner, any such hat or hats wherein no lining shall be affixed, stamped, or marked, as by this act is directed.

Persons bringing linings to be damped are required to declare the uses of the different parts, and the manner of fixing thereof in the hat, and where the stamp can be affixed to be visible and conspicuous, and the Commissioners being satisfied therewith, shall cause the same to be marked or damped according to the directions of the persons bringing the same, to they, or any three or more of them, may make such regulations as they shall think fit, as well to prevent the concealment of the damp upon any linings or inside coverings, as to prevent the damps from being made use of again, which regulations shall be delivered to all dealers now licenced, or to be hereafter licenced.

Who to fell or None but manufacturers, or licenced dealers felling to one barter undamped another, may fell or barter unlined hats, or with undamped linin8S‘ linings, on penalty of 10I.

Penalty on re- If any person shall cut, or cause to be cut or tom out, the peated use or the lining or inside covering that shall have been used or worn same damped with any hat or hats, with an intent to affix the same to any other hat, every person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 20I.

If any person or persons (other than licenced dealers), buying hats from other licenced dealers, shall receive on sale, or shall, after April 5, 1797, wear or use any hat subject to any of the duties, wherein no lining or inside covering shall be affixed at the time of such delivery, or wherein the lining or inside covering shall not be marked according to this a £1, in a visible and conspicuous manner, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 10I.

Afcy licenced dealer in hats may send to the head office any hats to be sent number of hats, not less than one dozen at any one time, to the office to whereon a lining or inside covering shall then be affixed, to be damped. be markeci and stamped with such marks and (lamps as the person or persons so licenced shall require, subject to such account of the number of the hats so brought, and of the rates and duties payable for the same, as is directed with respect to linings brought to be stamped ; and the lining or inside covering of every such hat then affixed therein, shall be marked and stamped in some conspicuous and visible part thereof, and the person so bringing such hats to be stamped shall pay, or cause to be paid, the duties payable for the same, subject to the like discount and allowance as is directed

- to

lining.

Buying or wearing undamped linings.

Not less than 12

NEW

Better Collection of Duty on Hats. 573

to be made on payment of the said duties. Any dealer or dealers in hats so licenced may fell to any other dealer or dealers in hats licenced in like manner, any such hat or hats, lined as aforesaid, for the purpose of felling the same again for home consumption, or to any person or persons whatever for exportation, before such time as the lining or inside covering thereof shall have been marked or stamped ; but persons shall not be liable to penalty for wearing hats stamped according to receited act, if worn before Aug, 5, 1796.

The proof of the duty having been paid, is to lie on the Owner of the hat, if accused of using or wearing the same contrary to this act.

if any person, who shall offend against this act, shall, before conviction, discover any other person or persons offending therein, the person so discovering shall be admitted to give evidence against the party informed against or prosecuted ; and in case such person so informed against or pro-secured be thereupon convicted, he or she shall be freed and discharged from any penalty or penalties, by him or her incurred for any offence against this act previous to such discovery.

Stamped linings damaged, or (lamps under the former act not used, may be cancelled by the of.

Persons carrying about hats for sale without lining or not duly stamped, may be apprehended and carried before a magistrate, and the apprehender, on conviction of the offender, and on producing a certificate of such Conviction under the hand of the justice, shall be entitled to a reward of 40s. to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's stamp duties; and any justice of the peace of the division or place may commit every such offender, so apprehended and convicted as aforesaid, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding fix nor less than two calendar months, as to such justice shall seem meet.

A discount may be made on purchasing (lamps to the amount of iof.

The price of hats in bargains shall be distinguished from the duties.

Any person or persons may export from the lawful quays, in the lawful hours, any number of hats, not less in quantity than one dozen in any one package, either lined or unlined, and if lined, then without the same being damped or marked,

Persons counterfeiting (lamps, with intent and design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death.

All powers of former acts relating to stamp duties shall extend to this act.

AH

36 G. 3. c. 1x5*

What hats may be fold and to whom, undamped.

On whom proof of duty paid lies.

Offender* making discovery.

Stamps damaged or unused may be cancelled. Penalty on felling hats with undamped linings.

Discount allowed.

Stamp separately charged.

Stamp lining not required on exported hats.

Forgery of (lamps, deaths

574

\6 G. 3 r. 1*5.

Application of penalties.

Jtecovery of penalties.

Commitment for want of distress.

i

Appeal.

Witnesses not appearing to give evidence.

Conviction hovv to be made out.

Better Collection of Duty on Hats.

I *

All pecuniary penalties hereby imposed dial 1 be divided and dihribiited (issued for within the space of six calendar months) half to his Majest v, his heirs and successors, and the other half to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

All pecuniary penalties imposed by this act may be sudd for and recovered, with full cqhs of suit, in his Majesty's courts of exchequer, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, &c.

Any juhice of the peace redding near the place where the offence shall be committed, may hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, at any-time within six calendar months after such bffence shall have been committed against this act; he Inay summon the party accused, and also the witness or witnesses on either side, and examine into the matter of fad, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary con-session of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath he Is hereby empowered to administer) may give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in or by this act is directed, and may levy the same by distress on the goods of the offender, and may cause file to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any), and where goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty or penalties, may commit the offender to the house of correction, for the ipace of three calendar months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid. Any person aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, mav, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions.

If any person, summoned as a witness, shall neglect or refuse to appear, every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 5I.

The justice of the peace, before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said convidipn to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the like effect, which conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, without hating the case, or the fads or evidence, in any more particular manner:

Be it remembered, that on the day of in

the year of our Lord A. B of i;i

the county of was convicted before me C. D, one of his Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said county, ref ding

near

Better Collection of Duty on Hats. 575

near to the place 'where the offence was committed, for that the said 36 G. 3. c*

A. B on the day of now last pafl,

at the of in the said county of did

(here (late the offence against this act) contrary to the ftaiute

in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day oj

Which conviction, written fairly upon parchment, shall be returned to the next general Or quarter sessions, to be filed by the cleric of the peace, and there to remain and be kept among the records.

Thejuft ce may mitigate penalties, so as such mitigation do Mitigation of not reduce the penalties to lei'3 than one moiety of the penal- penalties, ties incurred, over and above the coils and charges. Such conviction shall not be removed by tertiorari into any court whatsoever.

Any action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar Limitation of months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and adtuns. shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall anse, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in such ad ion or suit to be brought may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evu Gencidl issue> dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act ; and if it shall appear to be so done, or in case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, he or they may recover treble costs. Treble costs. and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law,

'} .

Hawkers and Pedlars.

I

BY tb.is ad, in default of payment of the penalties inflicted 35 G. 3. c. 9*.

by 29 G. III. c. 26, on hawkers and pedlars, either Aitera,ioninth* trading without a licence contrary to the said act, or who mode of punish-being found trading shall refuseor neglect to produce a licence ing offenders, according to the said act, it shall be lawful for any justice of the county or place where such offence is committed, and he is hereby required, by warrant, under his hand and seal, to cause the penalty in which such offender or offenders shall be convicted to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners thereof, after dedudion of the reafor.able charges for taking and detaining the said distress, and felling the same, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties

57^ Hawkers and Pedlars.

33 <? $* and forfeitures aforesaid, and in the mean time to commit

such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied and raised by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be otherwise paid or fatbfied by such offender.

Jteflridions of The restrictions, respecting the sale of goods in and near

formerafl taken market towns, as in the act above, are by this act repealed.

ssc 3.f.)o9. Horses and Carriages.

*9 3

recked.

BY an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, «« An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels, therein-mentioned ; certain additional duties were granted to his Majesty on certain carriages with four wheels, therein-mentioned : and whereas it is expedient to exempt stage-coaches and diligences with four wheels from the said additional duties: the duties thereby imposed on stage coaches are repealed, from and after the passing of this act.

By an act 25 Geo. III. cap. 47, intituled, " An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of (lamps respectively, to the of of the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect te the said duties so transerred there were charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors (amongst others) the duties following ; that is to say, for and upon every calash, chaise, or chair, with two or three wheels, or by what name soever such carriages then were, or thereafter might be, called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that should be kept by or for any person or persons for his or their own use, or to he let out to hire, the yearly sum of 3I. ios. ; and by an act, 29 Geo. III. cap, 49, intituled, tc An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an act, passed in the 25th year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels, therein-mentioned j" all and every carriage or carriages with two or three wheels, by whatsoever name or

names

NEW

- . Jt t

Horses and Carriages*

i

harti^s such Carriages then Were, 61 thereafter might be, tailed 35 G. 3. <; i©$i> br known, tb be drawn by one or more horses, which should be used at any time for the carriage and conveyance bf persons, and not generally used in the affairs bf husbandry, or for the Carriage of goods, wares, or merchandise, from place to place in the way of trade, were deemed a carriage and carriages within the tneaning of the said act, and were to be entered and paid for accordingly: from and after the passing of this act* there shall bb charged and paid unto, and for the use of, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in lieu bf the duties imposed, by the said recited lifts, on thd carriages herein-afteh deferibbd, the duties following ; that is to say* for and upon every carriage with less than four wheels, by £arrj^ what name soever such carriage now is* or hereafter shall be, one horse, anJ called or known to be drawn by one horse, and no triore, left than four Which shall or may be used in the affairs of husbandry* or for whee,s> how to the purpose of carrying goods, wares, ot merchandize, from ciembi

place to place, in the way of trade, but which shall of may tloAt be used occasionally for the conveyance of persons* and which shall be built or constructed wholly of wood and iron. Without any Covering, other than a tilted covering, or any lining Whatever, and without fprirtgs, and which shall have the words, A taxed cart," and also the owner's name and place of abode, there shall be charged and paid the yearly sum of 1 os. to be paid by the person or persons keeping the same respectively ; and the said duty shall be raised* levied* collected, paid, accounted for, and applied, in the same manner* by the same persons respectively, and under the like rules, directions, and provisions, and to the like uses, as the duties on carriages with four, three, or two wheels* are how raised, levied, and collected* paid, accounted for* and applied.

No carriage of a higher price than 12I. shall be within the tneaning of this act.

The present duties on carriages with two wheels, of the description herein-before mentioned, in respect of all such Carriages, which shall be assessed by virtue of this act* shall Cease arid determine.

Every person, to be rated and assessed tot such carriage* shall mark or paint, or caused to be marked or painted, on a black ground iri white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on some conspicuous part of such carriage, on the outside thereof, his or her christian arid furnairies, and the place of his or her real abode* and the words ,c a taxed cart" w^rd# in roman letters* and in words at full length* each of such «* rated, art" letters being at lead one inch in length, and of a breadth in to be inferibedr proportion ; such carriage so marked or painted shall be produced to the assessor or assessors* furvevor br fufveyors*

E eee infjjeftor

578 Horses and Carriages.

35C. 3. c. 109. inspector or inspectors, of the fald rate or duty, or at any meeting of the of for putting this act into execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by Carriage to have them. If such carriage be used for the conveyance of persons, cost no more and shall have cost more than 12I. or not construed according

than izl. to this act, &c. it shall be charged with the duty of 3I. ios.

which the surveyors shall certify to.the of.

What carriages Nc carriage with less than four wheels, used wholly for exempt. husbandry or carrying goods, shall be liable to duty for

persons riding with their loads, or to election of members to ierve in parliament, in case such carriage shall not have been used for any other purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid.

fp p«r cent, on Duty hereby granted shall be liable to 10I. percent, im-tnai duty. posed by 31 Geo. III. cap. 5, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes, therein-mentioned; and such additional duty of 10I. per centum shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, powers, and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duty is, by the said act of the 31st year of his present Majesty aforesaid, directed to be collected and paid.

Horse for which Every horse, drawing any cart herein* before described, on jos has been which the said duty of 10s. is hereby imposed, shall not be paid not liable subject or liable to any duty whatever on account of drawing ky this act. any such cart.

366. 3. e* 16.

B

Additional Duty on Riding and Carriage Horses.

iY this act, from April 5, 1796, the additional duties following are to be paid.

On every riding and coach or carriage horse (not cart horse) xos. in addition.

Five shillings further additional duty for bne horse, where two only are kept.

Where three, four, or five are kept 7s. 6J. additional duty shall be paid for every horse above one.

Ten shillings additional duty for every horse more than one, where fix or more riding or carriage horses are kept.

I)at*cs by whom These duties are to be under the management of the commanaged. ihiflioners for taxes.

Du.iw how col- Theftf duties are to be ascertained, managed, and collected, te&ed, as former duties on horses, and the acts relating to thefo arse

to extend to this act.

Neither

by

Additional Duty on Horses. 579

Neither the 24 Geo. III. c. 31, nor the 29 Geo. III. c. 49, 36 G. 3. c. 16. nor this act, shall extend to charge any non-commissioned officers and privates of yeoman cavalry, for keeping one Yeoman cavalry horse, mare, or gelding, during his continuance in such fer- exempted, vice.

Every commanding officer of such yeoman cavalry, shall Certificate of make out a certificate annually* before April 20, of what non- femce. commissioned officers and privates have attended exercise the preceding fjx weeks, to be delivered to the surveyor for the district; and every such non-commissioned officer and private man, claiming to be exempted as aforesaid, shall be inserted and described in the said certificate of such commanding officer, as an effectice man in actual service.

Persons renting farms under 70I. per ann. or occupying What farmers their own estates solely or with farms, together under 70I. for

(per ann. are not liable to duty for a horse, mare, or gelding, r,a,n£ hor*CJ* occasionally used for riding, provided such horse, mare, or gelding, be bona fide kept and usually employed for the purposes of husbandry.

All monies arising by the said rates and duties before- Dufjes how ip-mentiooed, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of plied, his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

t\ . . „

5 New Duties on certain Horses and

Mules,

BY this act, from April 5, 1796, 2s. are to be paid an- 36 G. 3. e. 15.

nually for every horse not chargeable under 24 Geo. III. of 2S# cap, 31, or 29 Geo. III. cap. 49, or by any act to be passed in this session of Parliament, on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage, therein respectively mentioned, and for every mule, a duty of 2s. to be paid by the owner.

The of authorised or appointed for putting in Who to manage execution the acts relative to the present duties on houses, and these duties, windows or lights, and inhabited houses, or any other duties placed under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this prefen t ad.

The duties to be assessed under this act shall be paid quar- ^ays Pa terly, at the times and in the manner following ; (that is to ment# say) on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of July, and the 10th day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said payments to be made on the 5th day of July, 1796.

£ e e e 2 Tho

580 New duties on certain Horses, &c.

36 G. 3, c< 15. Tie several persons appointed attettors shall, within 14 day*

' after their appointment, yearly give or leave notice in writ-

Auessor* Jilts. to or for every person keeping.any horse, marefc or geld*

ing, not charged with any other dyty, or any mule, within the limits of the places for which such attettors are to act, at his or her dwelling house or place of abode, to prepare and produce, within the space of 14 days next ensuing. the day of giving such notice* one lift, in writing, which lift' in writing, (over and besides the number of horses, carnages, and fer-vanfs, liable to the duties on horses, carriages, and servants respectively, and of the persons residing or inhabiting in any such dwelling house, whp shall have worn or used hair powder) shall contain the greatest number of horses, mares, and geldings, not charged as aforesaid, and also of mules, of whatever age, and whether in use or not, by him or her* had pr kept in the course of a year, ending on such preceding 5th day of April, distinguishing therein the number of such horses, mares, geldings, and mules, liable to the duty of 2s, hereby imposed ; and the number of horses kept and used by him or her, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpofp of drawing, liable ^o the said former duties, and upon which additional duties are by any act to be passed in this fettton of parliament inlposed, and also such fiorfes, mares, and geldings, as are claimed to be exempted from the said duty by signed and the particular provisions of this act ; every person, after such wurncd, notice, shall ittake put thplift, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such attettor, at any time after the expiration of ?4 days from the said notice being given, or shall leave the same at the place mentioned in the notice, as the abode of any of the attessors, within ten days after such attettor shall What to-be «ton£ have called for the same. If lifts be not made out and de-to defaulters. livered* the atteffors shall assess the defaulters from the bed: information obtained, which" shall be final, unless proof be mkde of absence, or unless such person shall alledge and prove such other excusefor not having delivered his or her lift, as the of for executing this act shall, in their judgment, th'ink reasonable and sufficient,

OmhTions fur- Such assessors, if they shall find upon due examination that charged. any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, liable to the duties by

this act inaposed, is omitted, may surcharge the same, an4 make? a true assessment Upon every person within their respective 4iftrifts of $fie real number of such cattle kept by each such person.

Penalty for not Where any person liable, under the directions here-before returning lifts, contained, to deliver such lift to the attettor or attettors, shall refuse or neglect, within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver such lilt, hfe or (he, so refiifin* or neglecting, shall,

for


RUE

New Duties on certain Horses, &c, 56:1

for every such offence* forfeit the sum of iol, to be recovered 36 G. 3^ c. 1$. by action or information in his Majesty's courts of exchequer ; pne moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong Appllciti/vi of to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety forfeiture, thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

Every surcharge shall be made.after the rate of double the Surcharge duty far every horse , mare, gelding, or mule, so omitted; double the duty, and the afijeffar, surveyor, or inspectQr, making such fur-charge, shall be entitled to, and shall receive for his own life* one moiety of the sum charged by every surcharge which shallbejuftly made upon any such lift.

The duties of this act are to be ascertained, managed, and Duties hbw collected, as former duties on horses kept and used for the managed, purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing.

Nothing in this act shall extend tq charge with the said w^at hprfcem*. duties, any horse, mare, or gelding, ler to hire for travelling included, post by the mile, or from (lage to stagp, or Jet to hire for a day or less period of time, by any postmaster, innkeeper, or Other person licensed for that purpose by the commifikmers appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Nothing in this aS contained shall extend to any horse, mare, or gelding, under the height of 13 hands, of four inches to each hand, nor to any horse, mare, or geJding, which shall not. at any time whatever, preceding the time of making the assessment for that year, have been ridden, or used as a draught horse, or for the purpose of carrying any burthen, and of which horses, mares, or geldings, an account shall be given as herein is mentioned, at |he time of the delivery of lifts of horses liable to the said duties.

Horses for whom exemption is claimed are to be included in Horses to be the lift, and on demand are to be produced for examination ; produced for efe* and if qot produced, or if found not to be exempted, the aminatiom owner shall be surcharged double the duty,

All monies arising by the rates and duties (the necessary Duties how fcp* charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall plied, from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund*

Hay and Straw- — bought and sold.

BY this act, so much of 2 Will, and Mary, fe(T. 2, cap. 8, 366. 3, for regulating markets in and near the metropolis, and so much of 31 Geo. II. cap 40, as relates to hay and straw, are repealed from 24th of June, 1796,

No

( ,

582 Hay and Straw — bought and sold.

C. 3* c

Kay and draw to be sold in

Weight 0/

Penalty for fell-fag trusses short % f weight.

P«na)ty for fell -log new for old

k»*.

Kay or draw to he of one qua. tttj.

Penalty for felling it muedi

Weight of hay hauda.

No hay or straw whatever shall be fold in any market or place within the cities of London or Westminster, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within 30 miles thereof, other than what is made up in bundles or truffes, under a penalty of 20s.

Every bundle or truss of hay fold in any market or place within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the last day of August in any year and the first day of June in the succeeding year, shall contain and be of the full weight of 561b. at least ; and every bundle or truss of hay fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the first day of June and the last day of August in any year, being new hay of the summer's growth of that year, shall be and contain the full weight of 6olb. Every bundle or truss of straw fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall contain and be of the full weight of 361b.; and every load of hay or straw shall contain 36 bundles or truffes; and if any hay shall be fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, whereof any bundle or truss shall be of less weight than aforesaid, every person so felling shall forfeit for every such truss or bundle of hay, not being the full weight aforesaid, any Aim not exceeding the sum of 5s. nor less than 2s. 6d. and for every such truss or bundle of straw the sum of is.: but no person shall be convicted in the penalty aforesaid, for felling any bundle or truss of hay or straw deficient in weight, where a load or any other or less quantity is sold at the same time to the same person, if the number of bundles or trufTes so fold shall amount, upon the whole, to the average weight required.

Every person who shall fell, within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the first day of June and the last day of December in any year, any hay of the growth of that year as or for hay of the growth of any former year, shall forfeit and pay for each and every bundle or truss of hay so fold, the sum of 2J. 6d.

Every load, bundle, or truss of hay or straw, which shall be fold in the cities or limits aforesaid, shall be made up with such hay or straw only as the same appears to be by the outside of every such load, bundle, or truss; and such hay or straw only; and not any inferior hay or straw, shall be deemed and taken to be the hay or straw which is to make up the weight of every bundle or truss; and every person who shall fell within the cities or limits aforesaid any load, bundle, or truss of hay or straw, which shall in the inside thereof be of inferior goodness from what the outside frail appear to be, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding 5s. nor less than 2s. 6d. for every such bundle or truss of hay, and thp fujn of is. for every such bundle or truss of straw.

The pair of bands with which any bundle or truss of hay shall be bound shall not exceed the weight of 51b. upon pain

that


Hay and Straw — bought and sold. 583

that every person who shall fell any bundle or truss of hay 36 6 % 3. c,$8* with bands of a greater weight, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of is. and also the further sum of is. for each and every pound weight that every such pair of bands shall weigh over and above the weight of 51b.

If any person employed to bind hay or ltraw shall not bind Light traftet* up and make the same into bundles or truffes of such weight as is directed by this act, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of 6d. for every bundle or truss of hay or draw not being of such weight.

No common salesman, factor, or agent, within the cities or Saltfmennot limits aforesaid, shall buy and sell, on his own account, or of buy or feSl vk any person or persons in trud for him, any hay or draw what- the* own ac~ soever, or any grass of any kind or description, growing or caunc* making into hay, on pain of forfeiting for each and every 561b. of hay so bought and sold 5s. and for each and every 361b. of draw so bought and sold 2s. ; and also for each and every acre of such grass growing or making into hay, so bought and sold, a sum of money not exceeding 5I. nor less than 50s.

Every common salesman, within the cities or limits afore- Salcfman's*r-said, shall, within seven days next after the sale of every load count* or other quantity of hay or draw, send to the person, on whose account the same shall have been fold, a jud and true account under his hand, of the place Where, time when, and the price for which the same was fold, and also the name and place of abode of the purchasers thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or omidion a sum of money not exceeding 20s* nor less than 10s.

A regider shall be kept in markets For entering dales of hay Regifierfor !*» and draw, which shall be open for the inspediion of every spedtion. person applying to inspect the same, paying for every such Inspection the sum of id.; and in case any feller of hay or False entries draw shall omit to make the proper entry required by this a dl, or the keeper of any book or regider for the purposes aforesaid, shall knowingly suffer any untrue entry to be made or signed therein, or shall refuse to permit such book or regider to be inspected by any person applying, and tendering payment of the fee for such inspediion, every such feller of hay or draw, or keeper of such book or regider, so offending, (half, on conviction, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum of money not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s.

Nothing in this act contained shall oblige any person to Not to ta Jregider any hay or draw which he shall deliver in the cities or hay sold by fyfc* limits aforesaid, on special contract or agreement, but such cial coatud* hay and draw only which shall be sent to any market or place within the said cities and limits to be there fold, and which shall be accordingly there fold, shall be regidered as before is directed.

No

5 84

3. c.Sfc.

Clerk or toll cathcrcr not to buy and sell on feisoWn account.

Scales* &ci >chere keft*

t>tre6fciofts for Weighing.

Scales and

weights not pro Vided, how filuiflied.

Hay and Straw^bonght and fold*

No clerk dr toll gatherer* or his deputy, within the cities and limits aforesaid, shall buy or fell, or be concerned in the buying or selling of hay or draw within the cities or limits aforesaid, under the penalty df 2s. 6d. for every bundle or truss of hay so bought or sold by him, or in the buying or selling of which he shall be so concerned, and Of is. for every such bundle or truss of draw.

There shall be provided, by every cletfc or toll gatherer within the cities or limits aforesaid and kept at the office of the clerk of every hay market within the said cities or limits, as also at the watch house of each and every pari'fh within the limits thereof* by the churchwardens and Overseers of such parishes respectively, proper feales and weights, or engines for the weighing all hay and draw which shall be required to be weighed ; and such clerk or toll gatherer of the hay market* or his deputy, and the condable or headborough of the parish or place where such feales, weights, and engines shall be kept, ate hereby appointed hay weighers within their respective parjffies or plates; and if any doubt shall at any time arise, whether any hay or draw fold in the cities orJ limits aforesaid* is not of the weight the same ought to be* it shall be lawful for the buyer, his servant, or agent* bri the delivery of'any such hay or draw, where the same shall be agreed by the feller to be delivered, to cause the same to be weighed irt the prefenfce of the feller. Or his servant, or agent; and if, on the same being so weighed, the buyer or feller of any such hay or draw, his servant, or agent, In all be didatisfied with any such weighing, it shall be lawful for any such buyer, hid servant, or agent, if the hay be delivered within a parish Ayhere there is* any'hay market, with all convenient speed, to apply to the clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, of such market, and if the hay be delivered in arty other paH(h withirl the cities or limits 'aforesaid, to apply* to the hay weigher neared to the place where any such hay 'or draw shall be delivered, who mail weigh such hay or draw as shall be complained of, and the weight thereof, which shall be ascertained by any such weigher, shall be conclusive to all parties. The p'erson who shall require any such clerk, toll gathcrfcr, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, to attend and weigh any such hay or draw', shall pay or tender to such hay weigher the sum of 3s. for a load, or irt proportion for a greater or less quantity, before he shall be obliged to go to weigh any Aich hay or draw ; and if the hay or draw which shall be' so Weighed shall not be of the dub weight the same ought to be, theil the Aim so paid shall be forthwith repaid to him by the feller of such hay or draw. If any clerk or toll gatherer, churchwarden,

or overseer, within the limits aforesaid, shall omit to provide and keep proper feales and weights, or engines, for thb

weighing

Go

Hay and Straw — bought and sold. 585

weighing of hay or draw, or if any clerk, toll gatherer, or 36 C7* 3. 88.

his deputy, or other hay weigher, shall neglect or refuse to

weigh any hay or draw when required, at any seasonable time

in the day time, and so as the sum aforesaid shall have been paid or tendered, every such person offending therein, shall,

for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding

5I. nor less than 10s.

No person shall incur any penalty for felling any hay or Weighed at de-draw of less weight or worse quality than the same ought to hrC(y« be, unless such hay or draw shall be weighed either at or before the delivery, with the privity of the buyer, his servant, or agent, or complained of in respect of the quality thereof, at the time and place at which the same shall be agreed to be delivered in the presence of the feller, his servant or agent.

The markets for sale of hay and draw, within the cities and Market houn. limits aforesaid, shall end at three o'clock in the afternoon of every market-day, between Lady-day and Michaelmas, and at two o'clock in the afternoon of every market-day, between Michaelmas and Lady-day : Notices thereof shall be given , by ringing on the usual market-days a large hand-bell round each respective market, or place for the sale of hay or draw, one hour before, and again at the expiration of the hours above-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, a sum of money not exceeding 10s. nor less than 5s. and every person, who shall fell any hay or draw in any mar- No falei after ket, within the cities and limits aforesaid, after the hours hours, aforesaid, shall forfeit for every bundle or truss of hay, so fold, the sum of 6d. and for every bundle or truss of draw, so fold, the sum of three-pence.

If any person, having the care or direction of any waggon. Carts not tort* wain, or cart, used for the purpose of bringing hay or draw, shall suffer the same to remain in any market, or place for the sale of hay and draw, within the cities and limits aforesaid, on the usual market-days from Lady-day to Michaelmas; after five o'clock in the afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady-day after three o'clock in the afternoom; every person so offending shall forfeit for every such waggon, wain, or cart, so left as aforesaid, a sum of money not exceeding 20s. nor less than 5s.

IF any person, having the care or direction of any waggon, Horses not to or cart, in any market or place for the sale of hay or draw, remain during within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall permit or suffer the ®*het hohrt. horse or horses drawing the same to feed and remain in any such market or place, for the space of 15 minutes, during the hours allowed for sale of hay or draw, under any pretence whatsoever, every person so offending shall for every such 6fFence forfeit and pay a sum of money not exceeding 20s. nor Jess thaii 5$. F f f f No

586 Hay and Straw — bought and sold.

36 G. 3 c* 8S. No person whatsoever shall buy and sell again any^hay or

No* to bu and* ^raw> that shall or may be conveying by land or water-car-

fen again in the r1*age> for the purpose of felling within the cities or limits

same market. aforesaid, and every person so offending shall forfeit for every

truss of hay or draw, so bought or sold, the sum of 5s. ; and

no person shall buy any hay or draw in any market, or place

for the sale of hay or draw, for the purpose of felling again

in any such market or other place, within the cities or limits

aforesaid; ; and every person so offending diall, for every

truss of hay or draw so bought, forfeit and pay the sum of

5s. : But no person felling hay or draw by retail at their own premises, in any less quantity than five trusses, shall be

liable to such lad mentioned penalty.

penalty for If any person, employed to purchase any hay or draw,

chargi .g more shall charge or demand a greater price than what was really than actually and

truly paid, or agreed to be paid for the same, every per-ptl son so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of 5s. for every

bundle or truls of hay or draw, so purchased, fenc in, or delivered.

Penalty for If any person shall fell any quantity of hay or draw, and

delivering other shall afterwards fend in or deliver, as, and for the hay or than the com- draw so fold, any other hay or draw, every person so offend* modity fold. ing (^ajj forfeit and pay the sum of 10s. for every bundle or truss of hay, and the sum of 5s. for every bundle or truss of draw, so sent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

Penalty for If any person shall knowingly and fraudulently mix, or

fraudulently in- put, any matter or thing in any bundle or truss of hay or crcafing weight. straw, with an intent to increase the weight thereof, and shall afterwards fell, fend in, and deliver the same; or if any person shall fell any quantity of hay or draw, within the cities or limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards mix or put any matter or thing, with an intent to increase the weight thereof, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of 10s. for every bundle or truss of hay, and the sum of 5s. for every bundle or truss of draw, so sent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

Short number of M any person, feljing any hay or draw, shall deliver a trusses. less number of bundles and trusses of hay or draw, than the

true number, or if the driver of the waggon or cart shall keep back, or with-hold, any part of the said hay or draw, such driver or person felling, knowing the same so delivered not to be the true number bought, or which ought to be delivered, shall forfeit and pay the sum of 5I. for every bundle or truss of hay or draw so secreted, kept back, with-held, or not delivered; and in default of immediate payment of any penalty by any such driver, on conviction before any judice of the peace, in whose jurisdiction the offence shall have been committed, such driver or person felling shall be forthwith*

Hay and Straw — bought and sold. 587

with Tent, by warrant, under the hand and Teal of such 36 <7. 3. c. 88. justice, to the house of correction, or other prison within the jurisdiction of such justice, there to remain and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any space of time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty should be sooner paid.

If any person or persons, after having brought or received Hay, &c. any hay or straw for sale, on a market day, which shall not brousht «ext be fold, shall thereupon lodge the same in any place near, market daX# and shall not, if the same be not before that time fold, bring and expose the said hay or straw for sale, in such market or place, by eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the next ensuing market-day, or if any person lodging any hay or straw as aforesaid, on a bye day or a day between the usual market days, shall not, if the same be not before that^ time fold, bring and expose all such hay or straw for sale, in such market, on the following market-day by the same hour, or as soon after as the weather will permit; every person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum of money not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.

Jf any person, who shall have been concerned in buying False receipt!.

or felling any hay or straw, within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall give, take, or receive, any false or untrue receipt, ticket, or memorandum, of the price of any hay or straw so fold or bought as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding 10I. nor less than 5I. upon complaint being made to any justice of the peace, within whose jurisdiction the offence shall have been committed, at any time within six calendar months after such offence committed,'any thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: but if any person offending, in either of the cases aforesaid, shall, within the space of six calendar months, give information of, and prosecute to conviction, any other person so offending, such informer shall be indemnified from the penalty hereinbefore mentioned. r

No person shall be prosecuted for any of the before-men- Limitation of tioned offences, except where it has been or shall be herein profecuuons. otherwise expressed, unless information of any such offence be given to the proper magistrate, within 14 days next after the commission of such offence.

On complaint or information to any justice of the peace Recover-vof of any offence comi/nitted against this act, within his juris- forfeitures, didion, such justice is hereby required and authorized to furnmon the person or persons charged with any such offence, and -also any witness or witnesses for the same, and in default of appearance of the party so summoned, on its being made appear to the said justice upon oath, that such sum-

F f f f 2 mons

588 Hay and Straw — bought and sold.

36C?. 3. c. 88 mons was duly served upon, or left at the usual place of abode of the party fumraoned, then every such justice is hereby authorized and required to proceed, to hear and determine the matter of the said complaint, by the oath or oaths of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, and to convict the respective offender, and tq award and adjudge the respec-Uve penalties imposed by this act to be paid by such offender, together with the reasonable costs and charges attending such conviction, to be ascertained and allowed by such justice, and by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, unless within five days from the day of making such distress, the party or parties offending shall pay the penalties and costs to be incurred in such warrant, and likewise the costs and charges of such distress, rendering the overplus (if any) to the said of-Offenders mty fender ; and if any offender against this act shall not have be committed any goods or chattels, within the jurisdiction of such justice, distreft1* ° whereon such levy can be made, such justjee before whom such conyidtion shall be had, is hereby empowered and authorized to issue his warrant for apprehending such offender; and in case such offender shall escape, or go out of the jurisdiction of such justice, it shall and may be lawful for any other justice of the peace of the county or place, where such offender shall be found, by indorsement of such warrant, to authorize the execution thereof within the jurisdiction of such justice, as well as to convey the offender before the justice who granted such warrant, who may commit him to some public prison or house of correction, of the county or place in which such offence shall have been committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than 14 days, from the time of every such commitment, unless in cases otherwise provided for by this act, and unless such offender shall sooner pay the sum to be mentioned on every such warrant of com, Witnesses re- mitment ; and in all cases where any person shall be brought filling to be ex- as a witness, touching any matter contained in this act, by commbted^ ^ an^ Ammons or warrant, before any justice, and shall refuse to be examined, such justice may commit any such person to some prison, of the county or place within the jurisdiction of such justice, for any time not exceeding 14 days, from the time of every such commitment,

Salcfmen eon- When any salesman shall be convicted of any offence against vifted may ex- this act, such salesman may exhibit his complaint or informa-hibit complainr t*on against the farmer or other person, for whom or on

before a^fticeV whose account he shall have fold the hay or straw, before some justice of the peace, within the jurisdiction in which such hay or straw shall have been so fold) and such justice is hereby . required

by

f

r

f

if

i

9

r

Hay and Straw — bought and sold.

required to summon such farmer or other person, and also any witness or witnesses, to appear before him the said justice, on a day to be appointed and named in the said summons (not less than seven days after the issuing of such summons) although such farmer or other person, against whom such information shall be laid, may happen to reside out of the county, city, borough, division, or liberty, in which such hay or draw may have been so fold ; and on its being made appear to the said justice on oath, that such summons wa's duly served upon, or left at the usual place of abode of the party summoned, then every such justice is hereby authorized and required to proceed to hear and determine the matter of the said complaint or information, in like manner as is Hereinbefore provided and directed, for hearing of complaints against salesmen ; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that such salesman shall not have been guilty of, or privy to, any fraud or deceit in the premises, but that such fraud or deceit was imputable to such farmer or other person, so complained against, then such justice is hereby authorized and required to award to such salesman, the amount of the penalty so Hy him paid, together with full costs and charges; such colls and charges to be first ascertained and allowed by such justice, and to adjudge the said farmer or other person, the owner of the said hay or straw, to pay the same ; and the said justice is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the same to be levied in like manner, as penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be levied and recovered.

Whenever the party, against whom such warrant of distress shill be granted, shall happen to reside in another county, division, or liberty, out of the jurisdiction of such justice, in such case, such warrant shall not be executed, or put in force, until after it shall be indorsed by some justice of the county &c/ to which such summons shall be directed ; and such warrant, when so indorsed, shall and may be executed in like manner, as i£ the same had been originally granted by a justice of that city, or liberty, in which such farmer or other person shall reside: Every such complaint or information shall be made within 14 days, after the conviction of such salesman ; if it shall appear to the said justice, on hearing the case, that such complaint, so made by the salesman, is frivolous and unfounded, it shall be lawful for such justice to award all reasonable charges and expences by way of costs, to be paid to the said farmer or other person ; such costs to.be levied on the salesman so complaining, in like manner as is herein-before directed.

If any person, convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgment

1

589

36 G, 3.

Warrant ft? trek to be 1ft* do i fed by a jft&T-tict of the fiteacfc where the party refiiies.

Complaint tote made within 14 days.

Appeal may te made to the quartet ft Hi on 8.

59°

ySG. j c. 83.

Penalties to whom.

J<i mitatiorx of % ttioa&.

tumble costs.

$$ G. 3. c. 75.

This act continued five jew.

36G. 3. r. 114*

How far militia aft$ extend.

Hay and Straw — bought and sold.

judgment or determination of any such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal against the same to the justices, at the next general or general quarter sessions ; but if such fession shall happen to be held within the space of six days, next after such conviction, then it shall be lawfyl for any such person to appeal at the second general, or general quarter sessions of the peace, next after such conviction, so that the party entering into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties, before such justice so convicting, in the sum of iol. each, to appear and prosecute every such appeal with eifect; and the justices of the peace, at such fession, are hereby authorized and required finally to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order, and to award such colls therein, as they in their discretion shall seem meet ; and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such proc or determination.

Every penalty and forfeiture, by this act imposed, shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the person or persons, who shall prosecute to conviction any offender or offenders against this act.

No person shall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done in purfu3nce or in execution of this act, after the expiration of six months from the offence committed; if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as defendants have in other cases for recovery of their costs.

Masustrates' Act continued for five

years.

BY this act, the act 32 G. 3. c, 53, for the more effectual administration of justice, and the more effectua! prevention of felonies in and near the metropolis, is continued for five years.

Explanation of Militia Families' Act.

BY this act, all and every the provisions in the acts of the 33d, 34th, and 35th years of his Majesty's reign, touching the relief of the family of any substitute, hired man, or volunteer, serving for any parish, tithing, or place, or any united parishes, tithings, or places, and for the reim-bursement of all sums of money, which have been or shall be

eedings

UO <2ie

E

2

Explanation of Militia Families' Act. 591

he advanced for any such purpose, shall extend to all town- 36 <j. ships and places having separate overseers of the poor, and maintaining the poor thereof separately and dtftinftly, and also to all parishes and places united for the purposes of ballotting for militia-men, as well as to all other parishes and places ; and the justices of the peace, who have made or shall make orders for the relief of any such families, or any other justice of the same county or place, shall give directions for the reimbursement of the money already advanced, or to be advanced for such purpose, by the overseers, who ought to re-imburse the same, or to contribute to the reimbursement thereof; and the treasurers of the several counties, ridings, divisions, and places, and the justices of the peace of the several counties, &c. within which such parishes, town ships, and places shall be, shall make reimbursement, and direct reimbursement to be made, according to the true intent and

7 o '

meaning of the act. Justices are to ascertain what propor- Proportions tions shall be contributed by united places, or the several ascertained by places comprized within the same parish, to the relief of justices. militiamen's families, and shall make orders for the reimbursement of such advances, as occasion shall require. The Number of clerks of fub-division meetings are to certify, when required, to be cextified. the number of men liable to be ballotted for, for each place.

The families of non-commissioned officers reduced are to be Families how relieved as casual poor, by the parishes in which they reside, relieved, and such parishes shall be reimbursed in such manner as they would have been in case such non-commissioned officer so reduced as aforesaid had never been promoted.

Miller's Ad.

BY this act, from July 1, 1796, a balance and weights 36 G. 3. r. 85.

are ordered to be kept in every mill, according to the ^ ^

standard of the exchequer; such weights and balances to be cv*-5mill. examined by the persons authorized by the act 35 G. 3. c. 102, respecting weights and balances ; on pain that every miller having no weights and balances shall forfeit, not exceeding 20s. and having no standard weights, or obstructing the persons who shall view them, shall be subject to such penalties, as the last mentioned act hath appointed*

Every miller shall, if required, weigh the corn, in the Cw>n bo presence of the person bringing it, before it is ground, and weighed, after ; on pain of forfeiting for refusal any sum not exceeding 40s.

Every miller shall, if required, deliver the whole produce Ocficieney Jn of the corn in weight, allowing for the^ wade in grinding, we;ght puuiflu.

and ble.

592

l$C. j. ?5*

‘WK«r« toll to be Uken*

Mo.r.ey not toll, V(bere the/e is *>or.cy.

VYfcat mills er-tnepted.

Tables of prices,

Private frill*.

txecpttd.

Plftnbution of

ptuUes.

Imprisonment#

Appeal*

limitation of time*

Form of conviction*

Miller's Act.

and talcing toll where it is allowed to be taken : And if such corn is dressed into Hour, then the whole produce in weight, allowing for the loss of weight caused in grinding and dres-fng, and the toll, if taken, as aforesaid ; and if such corn so weighed shall, after such allowance, be found to weigh less than such full weight, such miller shall forfeit, for every bushel so deficient, any sum not exceeding is. and with the value of deficiency.

Where toll is taken, it shall be deducted, before the corn is put into the mill.

From June i, 1796, no corn or flour is to be taken for toll by way of payment, but money, under a penalty of any sum not exceeding 5I. except where the party^bringing the corn to be ground has no money; but this clause is not to extend to mills, where the right of receiving toll has been established by ancient cultom, and the law of the land.

Every miller, who shall grind for hire or toll, shall put up in his mill, in some conspicuous place, to be renewed as often as is necessary, a table of the prices, or the amount of toll or multure, on penalty for neglect of any sum not exceeding 20$,

No provisions in this act are to extend to the proprietors or occupiers of private mills.

Every penalty or forfeiture, imposed by this act, shall be recoverable before any one or more justice or justices of the division, wherein the offence is committed, upon conviction, on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, by warrant of distress, if not paid ; and one half shall be paid to the informer, the other half to the poor of the parish, where the offence shall be committed.

In failure of distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, for not more than one month, unless the penalty with costs and charges be sooner paid.

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of such justice or justices may, on giving proper security to the amount of the value of the penalty and colts, in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices at the next general quarter sessions, whose judgment shall be final, and not removeable.

Every information shall be laid before one or more justice or justices of the peace, within ten days after the offence, after which it shall be of no effect.

Every conviction shall be made in the following form:

Be it remembered, that on the day of in

the year A. B. was on the complaint of C. D*

convicted before of the Justices of the peace for

in pursuance of an afi passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Vhird for (as the case may be) — Given under hand and seal the day and year above-

written — Which


Miller's Act. S93

Which conviction shall be certified to the next general quarter 36 G. 3. c. 85. sessions, there to be filed among the records of the county, &c.

This act shall be deemed a public act, by all judges, jus- Public act, tices, and all other persons whonisoever.

X , , j w 'J1. ' 1 "t J

An Act against Combinations in the Paper Manufactory.

1 .

BY this act, all contrafts between journeymen paper-makers* 3$^. 3* 111

for advancing their wages, orleflening their hours of work. Illegal contrafti are declared void ; And any journeymen paper-makers and void, others entering into such contrafts shall be committed to the Such contrac-house of correction, being thereof lawfully convicted upon t°rs How the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before Pun,(hcd. one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, &c. where such offence shall be committed, within one month next after the offence, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

The time of working by journeymen at the vat upon all fine, Tinie of work-wove, and plate papers, if the mailers shall so require, shall lrt8 defined* be half an hour about each pod, twenty of which polls shall and do make a day's work; and the dry worker upon all such fine papers as aforesaid, if the mailers shall so require it,

shall work twelve hours per day, allowing an interval of one hour thereout to each journeyman for refreshment.

Every journeyman paper maker, who shall enter into any Rahrng wages combination to raise such wages, or to alter the hours or how puniffced. duration.of work, or for any other purpose contrary to this act, or who shall directly or indirectly, solicit, intimidate, or endeavour to prevent any unhired journeyman or journeymen, or other person or persons wanting employment in the ma-nufacturing of paper from hiring himself or themselves to any paper-manufacturer, or shall by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly,. decoy, solicit, intimidate , influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail on any journeyman paper-maker, hired or employed, , or to be hired or employed in such manufacture, to quit or leave .his or her service, or shall proscribe, hinder, or prevent, or-attempt to proscribe, hinder, or prevent, any master or mistress in such art or mystery from employing whomsoever he, .(he, or they, shall think proper in such manufactory, or bejug retained or; employed shall refuse to work with any person whomsoever, which any such mailer or mistress in such art or mystery (Jiall thinly proper to employ, and shall be convicted of any or either of the said offences, on the oath ^of ope or more credible witness or witnesses, before otfe or more of his

G g g g Majesty's

594

36 G, 3. c. 11 i.

Attendance on

unlawful meetings how punished.

Offenders may give evidence.

Justices may hear and determine*

Act against Combinations, See,

Majesty's justice ot justices of the peace, within the district or jurisdiction, where the offence shall be committed, shall be committed to the hbufe of correction, in the county or place where the offence shall be committed, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

If any person shall attend or solicit any journeyman paper-maker, or other person employed in the said trade, to attend any unlawful meeting, or shall subscribe or pay any sum of money to support the same, he may be committed for two months.

Offenders against this act shall be admitted evidence, equally with all other persons, and shall be indemnified of, from, and against, any information to be laid or profecotion to be commenced against him, her, or them, for having offended in the matter wherein such prosecution was made or brought.

On complaint being made on oath to any justice or j ustices of the peace, of any offence committed against this act, within his or their respective jurisdictions, any justice or justices is and are hereby required and authorized to issue his or their summons, tO summon the person or persons charged with being ail offender or offenders against this act, and also to summon any witness or witnesses for any of the parties, at a certain tifiie and place in such summons to be specified 5 and if any one so summoned shall not appear oft such summons. Or offer some reasonable excuse, for the default, then any such justice or justices shall issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the party so making default, and upon the party or parties complained against appearing, or being brought before any such justice or justices, he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to make inquiry touching the matters eomplained of, and to examine ill to the farriej By the oath of aft'y credible person, and to hear arid detetmiftfc the fiiatter of every fuOh complaint, and upon confefflOft Of the pasty, or prOOf by one credible witness upon oath, tO edfhmlt ot acquit the party, against whom complaint shall be made; aftd if ariy perfOfl or persons so fbiftftioned to appear is a witness or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear and give evidence, every such justice Or justices shall and iriay issue his Ot their Warrant or Warrants, for the commitment of Arch person to some prison in the county, there to rtftnain until fufch person shall fubfflit himself or heHelf to be e*amiiied as a Witness*

The jtiftied 6t justieds, before whom any person shall be coovifted In maflner prescribed by this act, mail eause such fespective ednviftidn to be drawn up in the forift or to the effdft following (that is so say)

v 1 ; Be

Act against Combinations, &c.

Be it remembered, Tb^t on {bis day of

in the year of his Majesty's reign, A. B. is cpn-

*victed before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of

or for the riding, or division, city, liberty, town, or place, (as the case shall happen to be) for and the said do hereby order and

adjudge him (or her) to be committed to theboufeof correction, to be kept to hard labour for the Jpace of or until be

cr fhs shall submit to be examined, as the case may be, without bail or mainprize. — Given under the day and year aforesaid.

And the said cpnviction shall be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general quarter sections of the peace, where such conviction was had, to be filed and kept among the records of the said general quarter sessions ; and in case any person or pej-fons so convicted shall appeal, the justices in such general quarter sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this act.

One or more justices may issue his or their warrant to apprehend offenders, without any previous summons, issued to the party so offending, or alledged to have offended, for his appearance before him or them, to answer the matters charged by any information authorized by this act

If any person convicted of any offence or offences punishable by this act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice or justices, before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal, at the time of such conviction, to the justices at the then next general quarter sessions of the peace, which shall be held for the county, See, where such judgment shall have been given; and the execution of the said judgment shall, in such case, be suspended, the person so convicted entering into recognizance at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in the sum of 20I. to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to abide the judgment ^nd determination of the justices in sessions, and to pay such costa as the said justices in such sections shall award, which recognizance the said justice and justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, are hereby empowered and required to take; and the justices in sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally to determine the matter, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable; and if upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgment of the jujfcice or

G g g g z justices.

595

36 G, 3. c.iii.

Form of con vie. tion.

1

Conviction tent to the next general quarter sessions.

Previous summons not necessary.

Appeal.

L

596 Act against Combinations, See.

36C, 3. c in justices, before whom the appellant shall have been convicted,

. shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay such costs, as the justices in the said general quarter sections shall award to be paid, for defraying the expences fuftai ned by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, and shall be committed by the said justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol, as shall be mentioned in such conviction, for the space of two calendar months, or any less time mentioned in such tonviction, without bail or mainprize, and until the payment of such costs. Limitation of Such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar action*. . months, next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in General issue# such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, such defendant or defendants shall Double costs. have double costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff Or plaintiffs.

Public act, This act shall be a public act, and be judicially taken notice

of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom* soever, without the same being specially pleaded. *

. ~ - »

Pawnbroker's Act.

' U \ *

36 G. 3. c, 87. ^T^HIS aft much resembling the former acts of 29 G. 3.

X c. 57, and 33 G. 3. c. 53, differs in a few particulars.

Disbursement of By this act, the amount of profits on duplicates is to be in-duplicates. dorfed on pledges redeemed, and such duplicate to be kept by the pawnbroker for the space of one year then next following.

Sufpcfted per. Persons not giving a good account of themselves, on offering pawning. ing to pawn goods, shall be conveyed, with the said goods so offered, before some justice or justices of the peace for the county or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed ; and if such. justice or justices shall, upon examination or enquiry, have cause to suspect that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained; such justice or justices may commit such perform or persons^ into safe custody for such reasonable time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined ; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the said K goods

GouqIc

Pawnbroker's Act.

goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, the said justice or justices is and are hereby required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol dr house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

Pawned goods at the end of a year shall be sold by public auction. The person employed to fell such goods and chattels by auction shall cause the same to be exposed to public view, and catalogues thereof to be published, and an advertisement, giving notice of such sale, and containing the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the goods or chattels were in pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some public newspaper, two days at lead before the first day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods and chattels, for every offence in the premises, the sum of iol.

N. B. The xxiv fee. of 29 G. 3. c. 57, respecting the non payment of fees to the justices and their clerks, for proceeding under this act, is here omitted.

This act shall be in force for three whole years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

This act shall be deemed a public act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whorasoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

. - 1 ' ,; <;

Relief of Poor in their own Houses.

FROM and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the overseer or overseers of any parish, town,-township, or place, with the approbation of the pa-riihioners, or the majority of them, in vestry or other usual place of meeting assembled, or with the approbation in writing of any of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace usually acting in and for the respective district, to distribute and pay collection and relief to any industrious poor person or persons, at his, her, or their homes, house or houses, under certain circumstances of temporary illness or distress, and in certain cases respecting such poor person, or his, her, or their family, or respecting the situation, health, or condition of any poor house or poor houses, in any parish, town, township, or place, wherein a house or houses shall have been or shall be so hired,- built, or purchased, and a contract made with any person or persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, aPy or all poor persons who shall desire

597

36 G. 3 c.87.

Sale of forfeited goods.

Continuance of this act.

Public act.

36 G. 3. c. 23.

What consent necessary and in what cases.

598 Relief of Poor in their own Houses.

36 G. 3. c. 23. to receive collection or relief, although such poor person or persons shall refuse to be lodged, kept, and maintained, within such house or houses; anything in the act passed in the ninth year of his Majesty King George the first to the contrary notwithstanding.

Justkei* power Any of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace for any to order relief, county, city, town, or place, usually acting in and for the district wherein the same shall be situated, at his or their just and proper discretion, may direct and order collection and relief to any industrious poor person or persons, and he, she, or they shall be entitled to ask and to receive such relief at his, her, or their homes, house, or houses, in any parish, town, township, or place, notwithstanding any contract shall have been or shall be made with any person or persons, for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any and all poor persons in a house or houses for such purpose hired or purchased, and the churchwarden or churchwardens, over-seer or overseers, for such parish, town, town ship, or place, are required and directed to obey and perform such order for relief given by any justice or justices as aforesaid.

Cause aligned. The special cause of ordering such relief shall be aligned on the order of the justice, such order to remain in force for a time not to exceed one month from the date of such order: and any two justices may make any further order for the same or like purpose, for any further time not exceeding one month from the date of such order, and so on from time to time, as the occasion shall require, such justice or justices first administering an oath as to the need and cause of such relief in each of the above cases, and thereon summoning the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, town, town ship, or place, to be charged with such relief, to shew cause why such poor person or persons should. not receive such relief in manner as by law provided in cases where no contract foe lodging, keeping, and maintaining the poor-, shall as aforesaid have been made.

This act not to Nothing in this act contained shall authorise, empower, or operate in cer- enable, any overseer or overseers, or any justice or- justices of tain cases. the peace, to direct and order any collection or relief to any poor person or persons, at his, her, or their homes, so any parish or place, in or for which any house of industry hath been already erected or provided, or shall hereafter be erected or provided, by and under the authority or directions of an act, passed in the 22d year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, or under any special act of Parliament, in every such case all such last-mentioned poor person or persons shall be provided for and relieved in such and the same manner as before the making and passing of this act.

This

Relief of Poor in their own Houses.

599

This act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; 36(7.3 c % 3* and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justice?, puWJc act. and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

4

Removal of Poor Persons.

SO much of the act 13 and 14 C. II. c. 12, as enables 35 g. 3. c. toi.

justices to remove persons, likely to be chargeable to parishes, is by this act repealed; and no persons are henceforth p0nr not to be removed till they become chargeable to the parish, remoTeable till town ship, or place, in which such persons shall then inhabit, chargeable, in which case two justices of the peace are hereby empowered

I to remove the person or persons, in the same manner, and subject to the same appeal, and with the same powers, as might have been done before the passing of this act with respect to persons likely to become chargeable.

In case any poor persons shall from henceforth be brought Poor brought t* before any justice or justices of the peace, for the purpose of be amoved, being removed from the place where he or she is inhabiting when or sojourning, by virtue of any order of removal, or of being passed by virtue of any vagrant pass, and it shall appear to the said justice or justices, that such poor person is unable to travel, by reason of sickness or other infirmity, or that it would be dangerous for him or her so to do, the justice or justices making such order of removal, or granting such justices may vagrant pass, are hereby required and authorised to suspend suspend the or-the execution of the same until they are satisfied, that it may fcrfor* time, safely be executed, without danger to any person who is the subject thereof; which suspension of, and subsequent permis- Suspension In-(ion to execute the same, shall be respectively indorsed on the dorfed. said order of removal or vagrant pass, and signed by such justice or justiefes; and no aft done by any such poor person, continuing to reside in any parish, township, or place, under the suspension of any such order, shall be effectual, either in No settlement the whole or in part, for the purpose of giving him or her a gained by such settlement in the same. The charges proved upon oath to fufyenfio*. have been incurred by such suspension of any order of removal may, by the said justices, be directed to be paid by the charges payable churchwardens and overseers of the parish or place to which by the parish t* such poor person is ordered to be removed, in case any which the pau-removal shall take place, or in case of the death Of such poor Per btlonIs* person before the execution of such order; and if the church-wafdens or overseers of the parish, township, or place, to which the order of removal shall be made, or any or either of them, shall, upon the removal or death of such poor person jn cifc of ci,e ordered to be removed, refuse or neglect to pay the said death of the ' charges pauper.

<500

Removal of Poor Persons.

Parish officers lefufing, how dealt with.

ttay appeal.

35 G. 3. e. 1011 charges within three days after demand thereof, and shall not within the same time give notice of appeal as is hereinafter mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for one justice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and seal„ to cause the money mentioned in such order to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so refuling or neglecting payment of the same, and also such costs attending the same, not exceeding 40s. as such justice shall direct ; and-if the parish, township, or place, to which-the removal of such poor person is made, or was ordered to be made, before the death of such person as aforesaid, be without the jurisdiction of the justice of the peace issuing the warrant, then such warrant shall be transmitted to any justice of the peace, having jurisdiction within such parish, township, or place, as aforesaid, who upon receipt therebf is hereby authorized and required to indorse the same fot execution : if the sum so ordered to be paid on account of such In what case the costs and charges exceed the sum of 20I. the party or parties party aggrieved aggrieved by such order may appeal to the next general quarter sections against the same, as they may do against an order for the removal of poor persons by any law now in being ; and if the court of quarter sections shall be of opinion that the sum so awarded be more than of right ought to have been directed to be paid, such court may and is hereby directed to strike out the sum contained in the said order, and insert the sum which in the judgment of such court ought to be paid ; and in every such case the said court o'f quarter sections shall direct that the said order so amended shall be carried into execution by the said justices by whom the order was originally made, or either of them, or in case of the death of either of them, by such other justice or justices, as the said court shall direct. Nothing in this act contained shall extend to alter the power of justices to pass or punish

vagrants by 17 Geo. II. cap. 5, except as to suspending the

vagrant pass, in the manner and for the causes before-mentioned.

No person coming into any parish, township, or place, by publication of (^all# from and after the passing of this act, be enabled to oot,ce* gain any settlement therein, by delivery and publication of

any notice in writing.

No payment of No person or persons whatsoever shall gain a settlement in taxes, for less any parish, township, or place, by being charged with and

than 10I. per paying his, her, or their share, towards the public taxes, or

levies of the said parish, township, or place, for and on account, or in respect of any tenement or tenements, not being of the yearly value of rol.

What idle per- Every person, who shall have been convicted of larceny, or fons shall be con- any other felonyor who, by the laws now in being, shall be fidered as aftu- deemed

illy chargdabie. *

Vagrant aft not altered hereby.

No settlement

ann. shall make a settlement.

Removal of Poor Persons.

601

deemed a rogue, vagabond, idle, or disorderly person, or who 35 G, 3 c, xox#

shall appear to any two or more justices of the peace of the

division, wherein such persons shall reside, upon the oath of

one or more credible witness or witnesses to be a person of

evil same, or a reputed thief, such person not being able to

give a satisfactory account of himself or herself, or of his or

her way of living, shall be considered as a person actually

chargeable, within the true intent and meaning of this act, to

the parish, in which such person shall reside, and shall be liable

to be removed to the parish of his or her last legal settlement,

by the order of the said justices of the peace, whereof one to

be of the quorum, of the division where any such person

shall reside.

Every unmarried woman with child shall be deemed, and Unmarried wo-taken to be, a person actually chargeable, within the true men with child intent and meaning of this act, to the parish, township, or a*

place, in which she shall inhabit, and may be removed as y c a such to the place of her last legal settlement; and in case any order of removal obtained for such purpose shall be suspended, for any of the reasons before-mentioned, and during such suspension the said woman shall be delivered of any child, which by the laws of this kingdom shall be a bastard, every such bastard child shall be deemed, and taken to be settled, in the same parish, township, or place, in which was the legal settlement of the mother at the time of her delivery. All ad Ad* relative tar or acts heretofore made touching bastard children, or con- bastard children cerning the mothers or reputed fathers of such children, shall be, and remain, in full force and effect after the passing of this act, as it did before.

Additional Duties on Receipts.

FROM July 4, 1795, an additional (lamp duty of 6d. is required to be paid on receipts for iool. and under 500I. and a further additional duty of is. for 500I. and upwards.

All receipts, exempted by 31 Geo. III. cap. 25, are hereby exempted from the duties imposed by this act.

The duties are to be managed by the of for (lamps, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to do all things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution.

All the rules, regulations, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said recited act contained in relation to the said former duties, on such receipts, discharges, and acquittances, for which other provisions are expressly made by this act, shall, from, and after July 5, 1795, cease, except as to

Hhhh any

35 G 3* 30*

Addition of 6d« and i*.

What receipt! exempted.

Duties by whom managed.

AH former regulations in said act to cease.

602

Additional Duties on Receipts.

35g.j. 30.

Full Turn to be inserted*

Exceptions.

any arrears of the said former duties, which may remain _ unpaid, and to any penalty or forfeiture, which shall have

" *° "* bdn incurred at any time before.

The full and just sum of money, for which any receipt, discharge or acquittance shall be given, and the true date thereof, shall be bona fide respectively inserted therein ; and What construed all notes, memorandums, or writings whatever, given to any receipt*. person or persons, for or upon the payment of money amount-

ing to 40s. or upwards, whereby any fam of money shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, or in any manner satished, whether the same shall or shall not be figoed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the same shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be receipts, within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the respective duties imposed thereon; and shall be paid and payable by the person or persons by whom such receipts shall be required, (except such receipts as shall be given upon the payment of money in respect of any salary of pension payable from his Majesty,. his heirs, or successors, in all which cases the duties shall be paid by the person or persons giving such receipts, discharges, or acquittances); and which rates and duties shall and may be charged upon, and levied against, the person or persons by whom the same are hereby made payable.

Every receipt, whereby any fom of money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in fall, shall be deemed and taken to be a receipt for the sum of 500I. and upwards, within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the (lamp duty of 2s. by the former act, and this act imposed thereon. No receipt or discharge shall be available in law or equity as an acknowledgment of any debts being paid, settled or received, for any other or greater sum of money than the sum of money therein expressed, unless the same shall be stamped with the proper (lamp to denote the said duty of 2s. hereby imposed.

Every note, memorandum, or writing whatever, given to Jedgerucntof an any person or persons for or upon the payment of money, jmd which shall in any manner fvgnify any acknowledgment of a receipt. any Part any ^ebt, or demand, being paid, settled, or received, shall be deemed and taken to be a receipt, and shall be liable to a (lamp duty in respect of the sum actually paid.

Writer of on- Every person, who shall write or sign, or cause to be ftawped receipt written or signed, any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, forfeits id. or Upon the payment of money liable to any (lamp duty, without the same being first duly stamped, as herein is directed, shall forfeit and pay the sum of iol. if the sum be less than iool.; and the sum of 20I. in case such sum shall amount to tool, or upwards. Every

By whom payable.

Receipts in full % fU

Beery acknow-

o#l.

b}

Additional Duties on Receipts.

Every person, who shall give any receipt, for a left sum than the sum actually paid or received, or who shall separate or divide the sum demanded or actually paid or received into divers sums with intent to evade the said duties, or shall, with the like intent, write off any part of any debt, claim, or demand, or shall be guilty of any fraudulent contrivance with intent to defraud his Majesty of any of the said duties by the said act or this act imposed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of 50I.

No receipt, discharge, or acquittance, liable to the duties by the said act or this act imposed, shall be pleaded in any court, or admitted to be available in law or equity, unless the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be engrossed, printed, written, or made, shall be stamped or marked with a lawful (lamp ; and it shall not be lawful for the said of, or their officers, to (lamp or mark any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any (lamp or mark directed to be used or provided by virtue of the said act or this act, at any time after any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be engrossed, written, or printed thereon, except as herein is otherwise provided.

If any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given upon the payment of money, and not stamped as the said act and this act is directed, shall be brought to the said of to be stamped according to the directions of the said act and of this act, within the space of 14 days after such receipt, &c. shall be given, or shall bear date, the same shall and may be permitted to be stamped, on parchment of the sum of 5I. over and above the duty payable for the same, by virtue of the said act and this act; and if any such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be brought to be stamped as aforesaid, after the expiration of such 14 days, and within one calendar month, after such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be given, or shall bear date, the same shall and may be permitted to be stamped, on payment of the sum of iol. over and above the duty payable for the same; and the proper officer or officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, being brought to them, within the respective times herein-before limited, and upon payment of the duty imposed thereon, but not otherwise to mark or (lamp such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, with the proper mark or (lamp.

One moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months, from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of

H h h h 2 suit.

603

35 G. 3. t. 30.

Fraud In giving receipts 50U

No undamped receipt producible in any court*

Undamped receipt may be damped afterwards*

Disposal of penalties.

604

Additional Duties on Receipts,

within three months.

One witness.

Half to the King, half to the informer.

35 G* 3. c. 30. suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, within the time aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's courts of Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in the court of great sessions, for offences committed in Wales, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland.

One judice may It shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the determine, peace, residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty ; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused; and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fact, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness Or witnesses, to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this att, is directed, to be divided, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers; and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, for levying the said penalty so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days rendering to the party the overplus (if any) and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied. if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, then he or they shall and v may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to Aggrieved per- the justices of the peace, at the next general or quarter fons may appeal. sessions, which shall happen after 14 days next after such conviction* and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing, to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

Penalty may be It shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice,

ipitigated. where he shall see cause to mitigate and lessen any such

penalties as he shall think fit, so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the costs and charges.

if

Three months imprisonment /or want of dis — tret's.

Additional Duties on Receipts.

If any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence, before such justice, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, his or her reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath or affirmation, and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of 40s. to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

All penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's stamp duties for the time being.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of the said act or this act, with intention to defraud his Majesty, of any of the said duties, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

All powers, provisions, articles, clauses, allowances on present payment of the duties, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper (and not hereby altered) shall be of full force and effect.

All the said duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same being deduded) into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer.

6 05

35 G. 3. e. 30.

Witness refusing to appear, &c» 40s.

Penalties to whom paid.

Counterfeiting (lamps capital felony.

All former provisioHsrespecting (lamps in full force.

Duties to receiver general of (lamps.

Raising Seamen.

WHERAS an act hath pafl*ed in the present session, for 356.3- 19.

procuring a supply of men from several parts of this kingdom, for the service of his Majesty's navy, and whereas the churchwardens and overseers of the poor in, or appointed for any parish, tything, or place, who shall respectively be in office at the commencement of the former act, 35 Geo. III. cap. 9, are directed to raise the number of men appointed to be raised for their respective districts, and to levy the

money

6o6

Raising Seamen.

35 G. 3. c. 19. money agreed to be paid for bounties, or imposed as fines in certain cases: and whereas the powers of the said act may not be fully executed before the usual time in the year of their going out of office, and appointing others in their dead ; it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, acting in and for the respective districts or divisions at their respective petty sessions (whenever they shall see occasion, by reason of any of the powers of the said act remaining unexecuted, in part or in the whole, ParWh officer! at any time previous to, or on the appointment of other becwui- churchwardens or overseers for the same place or places) by any order under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, to order and direct the churchwardens and overseers, who shall have been in office at the commencement of the said act, to continue in their said respective offices, for the purposes of effectually and completely carrying into execution the powers and trulls given or veiled by the said act ; and such churchwardens or overseers shall by virtue of the said order (notwithstanding other churchwardens or overseers shall have been or may be appointed for general purposes) continue to To carry this or have and exercise all the powers and jurisdictions incident or tho former act belonging to their respective offices, or given or veiled in into execution, them by the former act, or this act, so far as the same are necessary to carry into execution the powers of the said act, or this act, and shall continue to do and perform all the like duties and offices required to be done or performed by them respectively by the said act or this act, as fully and effectually, and under the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as they respectively could, might, or ought to have, do, or perform the same, or any of them, at any time after the commencement of the said act, and before such appointment of other churchwardens or overseers for the same place or places for general purposes as aforesaid ; any law, usage, or cullom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Churchwarden If any churchwarden or overseer shall die or remove from dying, removing the place for which he was appointed, or become insolvent or becoming in- before the expiration of his office or duty under the said act, solvent. or this on oath thereof made, it shall be lawful for such

justices of the peace as aforesaid to appoint another churchwarden or overseer in his (lead, for the purpose of completely carrying the said act and this act into execution, who shall continue in office accordingly; and in case of removal, such churchwarden or overseer shall give an account on oath to the said justices of all matters and things done by him in the execution of the said act, and shall comply with such orders and directions as he shall receive from the said justices touching the execution of the said act, under the like penalties as are in-flided on churchwardens and overseers in office for any neglect of duty; and in case of the death or iofolvency of such

churchwarden


Railing Seamen.

churchwarden or overseer, his executors, administrators, or 35 C. j. c. 19* t assigns, shall, within forty days after his decease or infol-r vency, in pursuance of any order, in writing, signed by any

(i two such justices as aforesaid, attend such justices, and give an

account to the best of their knowledge and belief of all things done by such person deceased or insolveiu, touching the execution of the said act, and shall in like manner, and under the like penalties, comply with such orders as they shall respectively receive from the said juliices, in relation to the said act, or this act.

The churchwardens and overseers, who are respectively re- Bounty out of quired or empowered by the said act, or this act, to levy the poor me. any money by a rate, or to pay the amount of any bounty, or any part thereof, to the men inrolled in his Majesty's fervke, or to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, for the

Ipurposes of the said act, shall and may pay the same out of

any money in their or any of their hands of the rates for the

relief of the poor. If any action or salt shall be brought If any U

against any person or persons for any thing done in the levy- bought again*

Iing or collecting the said rate in pursuance of this act, the notice same shall not be brought until fourteen days* notice thereof given, in writing shall have been given to such person or persons, nor after a sufficient satisfaction, or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fad committed.

All fines, which by the said act may be levied of any inhabitant or inhabitants of any parish or place by a rate, shall be levied against such inhabitant or inhabitants only who shall be adjudged to be guilty of any neglect or default, by a Defaulters oaly rate made on such inhabitant or inhabitants respectively, un- to bc P4id* der the like powers and methods, as rates for the relief of the poor, are authorised by law to be made. In case any person personl % . or persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by grieved may ap-any rate or assessment made for the relief of the poor, whereof pea! at the next any part shall be necessarily applicable, or shall have been Pctt* fc®9n9* applied for the payment of any bounty or bounties in pursuance of the said act, or this act, every such person or persons shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their appeal to the justices of the district or division where such place or places are situate, at the next petty sessions of the peace holden for the same district or division, and not to the next general or quarter sessions; and the juliices of the peace assembled at such petty sessions are hereby authorised and required, on proof of reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers making such rate, to receive such appeal, and to hear and finally determine the same: pro- which may derided always, that this act shall not extend to any appeal to [^,nc the any rate, where the same is not applicable, or has not been ame‘

applied

6o8

35 C. 3 19.

Where rronejr cannot be raised in time by a tate, what to be done.

Officers a£Ung in this service, how so be billeted.

Justices to appoint a rendezvous.

Railing Seamen.

applied in part or wholly to the purposes of the said act, of this act.

If it shall appear to such justices at such petty sessions that such rate cannot be conveniently collected, within due time, for payment of the said bounty or bounties, and sufficiene monies shall not be in the hands of the said churchwardens or overseers to satisfy the same, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to make order therein, and grant a certificate thereof, and of the amount of the bounty or bounties, and sum or sums wanting to defray the same, directed to the receiver general of the land tax for the county, or to the collector thereof for the district, or any of the collectors of customs or excise of the division where such justices shall act, as to such justices shall seem most expedient, upon producing of which certificate to the officer to whom the same shall be directed, he shall be obliged to advance the sum mentioned in such certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the person or persons enrolled, or to the treasurer of the county, or to either of them, in such proportions as shall be directed by such certificate, out of any public monies in his hands, and such officer so advancing the same, shall be reimbursed by an order of the justices at the petty sessions for the same district or division, with all charges necessarily incurred, out of the first monies which shall come into the hands of the respective churchwardens and overseers of the poor, of the rates for the relief of the poor, within and for the respective parishes or places for which the men to whom or to whose use such monies were respectively advanced, were raised in pursuance of the said act.

It shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the officers appointed by the of of the admiralty to act in the execution of the said act, and their respective assistants, in such manner, and under such and the like powers, rules,* regulations, restrictions, and provisions, as the men to be enrolled in his Majesty's service, by virtue of the said act, may be quartered and billeited ; and each and every the house or houses and place or places where such officers shall be quartered or billetted, or such of them as shall be thought ne-ce/Tary, it shall be lawful for the several and respective justices of the peace, having authority to act in the execution of the said act, or any two or more of them, by their order in writing, under their hands and seals, to appoint and constitute a place or places of redezvous for the reception of men enrolled by virtue of the said act.

i

*1

Raising *4i

LIBRAS

J

Go

6og

Raising Seamen of certain Descrip-i tions, idle and able-bodied.

TUSTICES of the peace and other magistrates are hereby 35(7*3.r.34* r J authorized and required to levy and cause to be levied, to

serve his Majesty, in the navy of Great Britain, all able-

bodied, idle, and disorderly persons, who cannot upon who are examination prove themselves to exercise and industriously proper objects of follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some this act. substance sufficient for their support and maintenance.

Or offenders, who shall be deemed idle and disorderly Smugglers and persons, rogues, and vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues, also embezzlers of smugglers, embezzlers of naval stores, the property of his storcl*

Majesty; and all such persons, being thereof convicted by virtue of any former law now in force, shall be deemed to be within the description, and shall be dealt with according to the directions, of this act.

IJustices at their petty sections may issue search warrants. Search warrants for all such men as shall appear to be within any of the tobeiffued. descriptions of this act; and all such persons apprehended shall be secured and brought before the petty sections, arid if adjudged to be within the meaning of this act, and fit for the navy, they shall be delivered to the regulating officer, such officer or officers giving a receipt under his or their hands, and paying to such constables, or other peace or parish officers aforesaid, such sums of money as are herein directed to be paid in respect of every man so entered into the navy ; and every man, so delivered to and accepted by such officer or officers to serve in his Majesty *s navy, shall be, and deemed to be, exempt and discharged from all penalties or punishment DWcharge from inflicted for any such offence, by any law in force at the time punishment. of passing this act*

No person shall be admitted into his Majesty's service, by who are dlfqua-virtue of this act, who is not such an able-bodied man as is HW to feive* fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy, nor any person who shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of fifty years.

This act shall not extend to oblige any person to enter into Not to extend to the service of the navy, who shall make it appear to the voters for a satisfaction of the justices and magistrates, before whom such member of prr-person shall be produced, that he hath any vote in the lumcnC* election of any member or members to serve in parliament for any county, city, or borough, town, cinque port, or place, within the kingdom of Great-Britain,

I i i i The

6io

Raising Seamen, See.

Justices* duty respecting this act.

35 G. 3.^. 34. The justices or magistrates for executing this act, shall strictly examine the persons who shall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, &c. and they are hereby authorized to administer an oath or affirmation, as the case may require, to each and every person who shall appear and give evidence, touching any person so brought before them in pursuance of this act; and in case the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or the major part- of them then present, upon examination of the persons so brought before them, shall find that such persons shall come within any of the descriptions herein-mentioned, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive such men, shall judge them to be fit persons to be entertained in his Majesty's naval service, the justices or magistrates shall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive such men as aforesaid.

Man not within Justices may, on request, appoint further meetings, and if the description they find any man not within the description of this act, they IrnTr *ed to ^ cert*fy the same to the admiralty, who shall cause the' 1C a-fie man to be discharged, and the regulating officer shall, ori such man receiving his discharge, cause to be paid to hiiri the sum of is. for each day he shall have been so detained ini the service as aforesaid, over and above such subsistence as he may have received, and the clerk appointed by the justices or magistrates shall repay to such officer (without fee or other deduction) the several sums before paid to him by the said officer, and shall give back the receipts taken as above directed in exchange for a copy of the said man's discharge ; and in case no such discharge shall have been obtained, then the said clerk shall, after the expiration of fourteen days , from the time that such man was delivered Over as aforesaid,

pay over, without fee or deduction, to the persons resp£c-tively entitled thereto, under the directions of this act, the several sums d'epofited in his? hands for that purpose.

Meetings may Justices may adjourn meetings if officers, for receiving men, be adjourned. do not attend, and may detain persons brought before them.

Notice of adjournments shall be given the officer; and the Expences paid receiving-officer shall pay 6di per diem for every man for by receiving of- subsistence to the day of adjournment, together with such ®cer* charges and expences as shalh appear to the justices or-

magistrates aforesaid to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said men from the day of the former meeting of the justices or magistrates aforesaid to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding is^ per diem for each man so detained.

. Men may be detained in places of security ; and gaolers are required to receive men without fee, and to be allowed th#

ufttal

tv

Railing Seamen, 11

usual subsistence. Constables or other civil officers are to assist 35 G. 3 c. 34* in conveying men to gaol, and shall be allowed such reasona- Constables and ble sum or Turns, as the major part of the justices or magistrates officers'expences present at the meeting, where such man or men shall be «n conveying al-levied, shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers, who iowed# shall require such assistance.

Justices may fine gaolers, constables, &c. who shall suffer Efcspe how pu-any person committed to their custody, in pursuance of this n,flied» aft, to escape, not exceeding iol. and may cause every such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners, and pay the said fine to the informer or informers,

J offices shall deliver certificates of entry of men to the Certificates to be officer appointed to receive them. The names of the men, delivered, their parishes, &c. shall be entered in a book, and copies transmitted to the admiralty, under a penalty of iol. one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiepy to such person or persons who shall sue for the same.

The parish officers shall be paid 20s. for every man so Parish officers to entered, and for every such man, who shall have a wife or be paid 20s. family, any sum not exceeding 40s. nor less than 10s. for the benefit of such parish or township in which such man shall have gained a settlement, and whose wife or family may become chargeable, which sum shall be settled by the major part of the justices or magistrates present at the meeting, when such person shall be entered, regard being had to the number of children or other circumstances of the person so entered, and also the sum of 6d. per diem, according to the number of days that the officers of the said parish or town shall have kept him in custody, which sum of 6d. per diem shall be deducted out of the pay of such man, such allowance, in case of dispute, to be settled by the justices ; for 'all which payments, receipts shall be given to such officer by the person receiving the same, but which receipt shall not Receipt be chargeable with any (lamp duty. not stamped.

Justices may allot part of the allowances to high constables. High constables' not exceeding the Aim of 2s. allowance.

The several clerks of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, Reward to the provided the said copies or duplicates be truly transmitted into clerks of the the office of the admiralty as aforesaid, shall receive, by the just,ces* hands of the paymaster of his Majesty's navy, over and above the sums herein-before direct- d to be paid, such rewards as the of of the treasury for the time being shall judge the said clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

Parish officers are not to be allowed expences in keeping per- in what cases foils discharged as not within the descriptions of this act ; but expences arc all for such as are rejected by the regulating officer, they are to be iowed.

I i i i 2 paid

612

Raising Seamen,

55 G. 3. f. 34.

Officers object-i.ig, how to act,

Pay when to comoaerue.

Penalty for hindering the execution of this act.

Inhabitants to assist.

Reward for discovering fit per-ions to serve.

Limitation of actions.

paid 6d. per diem. Every officer, who shall object to any person delivered to him by the justices or magistrates aforesaid, shall specify his objection to such person, and shall without delay transmit to the secretary of the admiralty his reasons for such refusal or discharge in writing, signed by himself.

The pay of every such man, so delivered to the officers or persons appointed to receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the time of his being taken and secured as aforesaid. deducing such sums of money thereout, as shall be paid by virtue of this act for his subsistence ; and no person so entered in pursuance of this act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process, other than by some criminal process, for some criminal matter punishable by the known laws of the land.

Jf any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of this act shall be hindered or frustrated, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum npt exceeding 20I. nor less than iol. one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the informer or informers: every such offence to be enquired of, heard, and finally determined by any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, the penalty to be levied by distress, and if the offender has not goods and chattels sufficient, to be committed to the county gaol or house of correction for three calendar months, without bail or mainprise.

The inhabitant of every parish or township, where any person described as aforesaid doth abide, shall be aiding and assisting in the furtherance of his Majesty's said service.

If any person shall discover and give information of any able-bodied man or men (it to serve his Majesty, within any of the descriptions of this act, so that he or they shall be apprehended and brought before the justices or magistrates aforesaid, and ordered to be entered into his Majesty's service, such person, for every man so discovered and entered, shall receive from the officer to whom such man shall be delivered the sum of jos. out of the 20s. which he is hereby directed to pay to the officers of the parish or town for every man raised by virtue of this act, and the remainder only of such 20s. shall in jhat case be paid to such officers.

Any action, plaint, suit, or information, shall be commenced, within six calendar months after the offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county or place where the fast was committed, and not afterwards or elsewhere.

The

NEW YOf^K EJJBLIC LIBRA

I

f

i

i

i\

i

i\

I

f-

\ I

i

f

i

I

Raising Seamen, See. 613

The 24 Geo. II. cap. 44, so far as relates to rendering 35 c % 3* c. $4* justices more safe in the execution of their office, shall extend to this act.

Further Act for Raising Seamen.

BY this act, the justices of the peace shall, at their meet- 36C. 3. e. 115 % ing held within the respective divisions, issue their or- TreasureiV *e. ders under the hands of any two of them, directed to the count of money treasurer or treasurers of the county, riding, or division, re- received, quiring him or them, to deliver in an account in writing of all sums of money by him or them received by virtue of the act 35 G. 3, c. 5, for raising men for his Majesty's navy ; and if it shall appear, that any sum or sums of money received by him or them for or on account of any bounty or bounties, or on account of fines levied for default in not raising the proper number of men, remain unaccounted for, the said justices, or any two of them, by their warrant under their hands and seals, may order and direct such treasurer or treasurers, withirr 14 days, to pay into the hands of the receiver general bf the county, or his deputy, the balance due from such treasurer or treasurers, which receiver general, or his deputy, shall give acquittances for the same.

The justices of the peace to whom such accounts shall be Warrant for delivered, where bounties or fines appear not to have been r«rs. paid to him, shall issue warrants to parish officers to assess and pay the arrears into the hands of the said treasurer or treasurers, out of any monies in their or any of their hands, of the monies raised for the relief of the poor in their parishes, townships, or places; or if they shall not have money sufficient for that purpose in their hands, then to make a rate for the same.

The churchwardens and overseers of the poor, to whom Defaulters' such orders or warrants shall be directed, are hereby required names to be to return the names of the defaulters, by indorsing the same turnwi» on the back of the order or warrant, to the justices granting the same, or to such other justices as shall attend at any meeting at which such return shall be made, and such justices may examine on oath into the matters contained in such return 5 and, if they fee cause, may issue their order or warrant, directed to the person or persons making such default, requiring them to pay to the treasurer or treasurers of the county, &c. within 14 days after the date thereof: provided also, that if the person or persons, in arrear, shall be dead, or shall have become bankrupt or insolvent, or shall not be then resident within the jurisdiction of such justices, any two

614

J$G. 3. i'll5»

Tr«*rurer to pay fCCCiver general.

Traafuwrs* or farifli officers' *egle&. j

How puniflub!#.

Justifft* return la the navy d.

Navy boards demand on receiver general.

Further Act for Raising Seamen.

of them, by like order or warrant as .aforesaid, may direct the then acting .churchwarden or overseers of the poor to raise and pay the sum or Aims in arrear to the treasurer or treasurers of the county. &c. for the purposes of the said act.

The treasurer or treasurers of the county. See, shall p3y over, within 14 days after he shall receive the same, all sums of money received by him or them at any time after the patting of this act, on account of men raised for his Majesty Yservice, or on account of fines, for default in not raising men, to the receiver general of the county, or his deputy ; and shall also, on demand made by any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or division, from time to time deliver an account of all monies which they shall receive at any time after the patting of this act applicable to the uses and purposes herein mentioned.

If any treasurer shall refuse or neglect to deliver in any such account to the justices of the peace, or to pay to the receiver general such sums of money as he shall have received, or shall receive, on account of men raised for his Majesty's service, or on account of fines for default, within the respective times herein'before limited, or if any churchwarden or overseer of the poor now being, or any person holding the office of churchwarden or overseer of the poor at the time of the men's inrollment, shall refuse or neglect within the time limited by any order or warrant of two or more justices of the peace, to pay the sum required to be paid, by the order or warrant of such justices, to the treasurer or treasurers of the county. See. or shall refuse or neglect, in cases where the same shall be ne. cettary to make a rate, for raising the sum required to be so paid, any two or more such justices may levy the same by warrant under their hands and seals, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so making default, and direct the money so raised, to be paid into the hands of the receiver general, or his deputy, taking a receipt for the same, and the overplus (if any) after satisfying all charges and expences attending the same, shall be paid to the person or persons against whom such warrant shall be made.

The justices of the peace of the several counties, ridings, and divisions, to whom any accounts shall have been delivered by the treasurer or treasurers of such counties, ridings, or divisions respectively, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, eause the same to be transmitted to the of of his Majesty's navy, and shall also at the same time return what they, the said justices, shall have done thereupon in the execution of this act.

The of of his Majesty's navy, or any three of them, may demand from the receiver or receivers-general of any county, riding or division, such sum and sums of money,

as


K: Further Act for Raising Seamen,

IB

615

as he or they shall receive in pursuance of this afb, and % 6<3t 3. c. *ij,* direct the same to be paid into the hands of the treasurer of the navy, such receiver-general being hereby directed to inform the said of, from time to time, of the monies paid into his hands, and such monies shall be applied to the re-payment of such sums of money, as shall appear by the tickets of inrolment to be due to the treasurer of the navy, and which shall, in the course of his Majesty's service, have been paid to any volunteer or fuhstitute raised by virtue of the said act-, as also to pay such sums of money as shall appear, by the tickets of inrolment, in the possession of the said commissianers to be due to any other volunteers or substitutes, raised for the service Of his Majesty's navy by virtue of the said act ; and the residue thereof (if any) shall be applied for the use of his Majesty's naval service, under the direction of Parliament.

The form of the statement and account required to be made Afccoonts to set by the treafui-er of any county, riding, or division, and to 'n the blowing be transmitted to the justices of the peace as aforesaid, toge- ora18' ther with the other particulars herein-before directed, shall be made as follows: viz.

Schedule to which this act refers.

An account of parishes within the county, [riding, or division] of for which volunteers or substitutes were raised in pursuance of the late titt of parliament, together with the Other particulars relating thereto as requireJt 1by an a3, intituled, [let forth the title of the act] :

Names of Volunteers or substitutes.

Volunteer Par iflies for Full Paid Paid since. Refidufe

or which they bounty. at enrol- .V unpaid.

substitute. serve. ment. Sum. to whom.

£ > £ £ ,. d £ *

\ , 1

A*

6i 6

Further Act for Raising Seamen.

dfii account of the parishes within the county, [riding, or division] of fined for default of not raising by the late act of parliament, and the federal 9ther particular! relating thereto, as required by an act, intituled, [set forth

the title of the act] :

- — ----- ---- - — — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----

FarUhes fined. Amount of fines. Transferred to account of f Names of substitutes. ubfiitutes. Sum.

£ > v £ > d.

1

* ' ' 4 %

1 1

‘ S

1 1

Paid for rewards.

f4,r ft x

£ s. d.

vr ft

Refid uc.

£ *. d.

; .

<. ' 1 -A d'

Seditious


0.

I

617

Seditious Meetings*

T)Y this act no meeting of more than 50 persons (except 366.3. e.

JD county meetings, &c ) shall be holden for or on pretext Notice of public

of preparing petitions for alteration of matters established in meetings,

church or (late, unless previous notice be given by seven

householders, in some newspaper usually circulated in the,

county and division where such meeting shall be holden, five

days at the lead before such meeting shall be holden ; such

notice shall not be inserted in any such newspaper unless the authority to insert such notice shall be signed by seven persons Notice of meet-

at the lead, being householders resident within the county, ing how signed.

city, or place, where such meeting shall be proposed to be

holden, and named in such notice, and unless such authority,

so signed, shall be written at the foot of a true copy of such

notice, and shall be delivered to the person required to insert t

the same, in any such newspaper as aforesaid; such notice No!:,ce °c

and authority shall be preserved, and produced to a judice, prc erve *

if required. If any perfori shall insert any such notice in any Notice without

newspaper, without such authority, or shall refuse to produce authority*

such notice and authority, when required, he shall forfeit the

sum of 50I, to any person who shall sue for the same.

It shall be lawful to deliver any such notice signed by the Notice to whom seven persons, in whose names such notice shall be given, delivered and , with their places of abode, and descriptions, five days at fenl* the lead before the day on which such meeting shall be holden, to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division, within which such meeting shall be proposed to be holden; and such clerk of the peace shall forthwith fend a true copy of such notice, &c. to three justices of the peace at the lead* of such county, riding, or division, then resident therein ; or in case the justices of the peace, where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, shall have exclusive jurisdiction, then to three of such justices, if so many shall then be resident within such jurisdiction, and if not, then to so many of such justices as shall be resident within such exclusive jurisdiction ; and such notice shall be as effectual, as if the same had been given by public advertisement in any such newspaper.

All meetings of arty description of persons, exceeding the What meetings number of $0 persons (other than and except as aforesaid) deemed unlaw-for the purpose or on the pretext of considering of or pre-paring any petition, complaint, remondrance, declaration, or other address to the King, or both houses or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established in church or date, or for deliberating on any grievance in church of date, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful afiTemblies.

If any persons, exceeding the number of fifty, being assembled contrary to the provisions herein-before contained,

K k k k and

618

36 G. 3. 3.

Ref.fal to dit-psife, how punishable*

Proclamation1 to be made*

form of proclamationr

Magistrates how to act in certain cases*

Magistrates'

power*

Seditious Meetings*

and being required or commanded by any one or more justice or justices or the peace, or by the ihcriff of the county, or his under sheriff, or by the mayor or other head-officer or justice of the peace of any city or town corporate, where such assembly shall be, by proclamation to be made in the King* name, in the form herein after directed, to disperse themselve^, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful business, shall, to tfhe number of twelve or more, notwithstanding such proclamation made, remain or continue together by the space of one hour after such command or re-quest made by proclamation, such continuing together, so the number of twelve or more, after such command or re-quest made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death, as in case of felony without benefit of clergy.

The justice of the peace, or other person authorized by this act to make the said proclamation^ shall, among the said persons assembled, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud voice command or cause to be commanded, silence to be while proclamation is making, and after that (halt openly and with loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

Our so*vereign Lord the King chargttk and commandeth all persons, being assembled, immediately to disperse themselves , and peaceably to depart to their habitations or to their lawful bufinefs4 'upon the pains contained in the act, made in the thirty*sixth yeat of King George the third, for the more effectually preventing (editions meetings and assemblies.

GOD fa<ve the KING.

If in meetings holden pursuant to notice, any matter (half be propounded or deliberated upon, purporting that any thing by law established may be altered except by authority of King, Lords, and Commons, in parliament assembled, or shall tend to incite or stir up the people to hatred or contempt of the person of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or of the government and constitution of this realm, a magistrate may order them to disperse; and if twelve or more persons shall continue together an hour thereafter, they shall suffer death as in the case of felony without benefit of clergy.

One Or more justice or justices at meetings on notice may Order persons propounding or maintaining propositions, for altering any thing by law established except by authority of the King, Lords, and Commons, or holding any difeourse, for the purpose of inciting and (lining up the people to hatred or contempt of the person of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or the government and constitution of this realm, to be taken into custcdy ; and in case of refinance may cause

proclamation

Go

Seditious Meetings.

proclamation to be made as aforesaid ; and if twelve or more shall continue together an hour thereafter, they shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

Every justice and justices of the peace, sheriff, under sheriff, jnayor, and other head-officer, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, on notice or knowledge of any such meeting or assembly as before-mentioned, to resort to the place where such meeting shall be, or shall be intended to be holden, and there do, or order or cause to be done, all such acts, as the case may require, or which they are otherwise by law enabled to do, or ordered to be done, and may require the affiltance of peace officers to give such affidance as shall be necessary for the due execution of this act.

If such persons fa assembled as aforesaid, o,r twelve or more fif them, after any proclamation, shall continue together, and not disperse themselves within one hour, every justice of the peace, sheriff, or under sheriff of the county where such ,alFerabIy shall be, and also every high or petty con liable, and other peace officer within such county, and also every mayor, judice of the peace, sheriff, and other head officer, high or petty condable, and other peace officer, of any city or town corporate where such assembly shall be, and such other person and persons as shall be commanded to be affiding unto any such justice of the peace. See, who are authorized and empowered to command all his Majesty's subjects, of age and ability, to be affiding to them therein, may seize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to seize and apprehend, such persons so assembled, and continuing together after proclamation made as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the persons so apprehended before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place wher^c such persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such offences according to law. If the persons so assembled, or any of them, shall happen to be killed, maimed, or hurt, by reason of their relifting the persons so dispersing, seizing, or apprehending them, every such judice of the peace, sheriff, &c. and all persons, being aiding and affiding to them, shall be free, discharged, and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other person and persons, concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting, of any such person or persons so assembled, that shall happen to be so killed, maimed, or hurt as aforesaid.

Persons obdructing magistrates attending, or going to attend meetings, or obstructing persons proclaiming, shall suffer death, without benefit of clergy.

Persons assembled to whom proclamation ought to have been made, if the same had not been* hindered, continuing

K k k k 2 together

619

36 Gr# 3» r. 8.

Magistrate9 may demand a Instance.

Persons not dla-personsg.

If killed or mairred by reason of their re-fiftance, the magistrate, See, indemnified. '

Punishment for ob'ftrulting nu-gistrates.

Persons punishable, where proclamation cannot be made.

620

36 G. 3. c. S.

Power of magistrates in Scotland.

Above felonies how punished in Scotland.

What places deemed disorderly.

Pepaltyf on managers of tych places.

Who liable to be prosecuted.

Seditious Meetings.

Penalty on refuting admittance to magistrates.

Refusal of ad* miHion difor-dcrly*

Penalty for such refusal.

together to the number of 12 or more, for an hour after such hindrance, shall suffer death ; and persons at such assemblies opposing the taking offenders into custody shall suffer death, without benefit of clergy.

Sheriffs depute and their substitutes, justices of the peace, and magistrates, in Scotland, shall have the same power as justices in England.

Persons convicted of felonies in Scotland, shall incur the pain of death and confiscation of moveables.

Places for lectures or debates concerning supposed public grievances, where money is paid for admission, unless previously licenced, shall be deemed disorderly places, and the persons opening or using them, and the persons paying or receiving money for admission, or delivering or receiving tickets, shall forfeit 100I. to any person that will sue for the same.

Any person who shall appear, aft, or behave him or herself as mailer or mistress, or as having the command or management of any such house, room, field, or place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a person by whom the same is opened, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, though not, in fast, the real owner or occupier thereof.

Magistrates who, by information on oath, have reason to suspect that any place is opened for delivering lectures, contrary to the provisions of this act, may demand to be admitted ; and in case of refusal, the place to be deemed disorderly, and the person refusing admittance shall forfeit iool.

Any justice or chief magistrate, where such house, room, or other building shall be licensed, may go to such house, room, or building so licensed, at the time of delivering any such lecture or difeourse, and demand to be admitted therein ; and if such justice or magistrate shall be refused admittance to such house, room, or building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding such licence, a disorderly house or place, within the meaning of this act ; and all and every the provisions respecting any such house, room, field, or place, herein-before declared to be a disorderly house or place, shall be applied to such house, room, or building, so licensed as aforesaid, where such admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid; and every person refusing such admittance shall forfeit the sum of tool, to any person who wilj sue for the same.

Two or more justices of the peace of the county, city. &c. where any house, room, or other building shall be, which any person shall be desirous to open for any of the purposes aforesaid, by writing under their hands and seals, at their general quarter

; fession


1

Seditious Meetings.

621

session of the peace, or at any special session to be held for the 36 G. 3. c, %

particular purpose, may grant a licence to any person or persons desiring the same, to open such house, room, ot other

building, for the purpose of delivering for money any such

lectures or discourses as aforesaid, on any of the subjects aforesaid, the same being clearly expressed in such licence, for

which licence a fee of is. and no more, shall be paid, and the same shall be in force for the fjpace of one year, and no longer,

or for any less space of time, therein to be specified; and which licence it shall be lawful for the said justices, at any

general quarter session of the peace, to revoke and declare Justices' lietnct

void and no longer in force, and such licence shall cease and rcvoc*We*

determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of ho

effect. f <

Any person entitled to any of the forfeitures aforesaid, if Recovery of for-he shall recover them by action of debt, shall have his full feitures. costs : but if a verdict pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff discontinue his or her action, or be nonsuited, or judgment be given against the plaintiff, then such defendant shall have treble costs. Treble costs.

Nothing in this act shall extend to any lectures or discourses Act not to ex-to be delivered in any of the universities of these kingdoms, tend 10 univer(U by any member thereof, or any person authorized by the l,C5> chancellor, vice chancellor, or other proper officers of such universities.

No payment made to any schoolmaster or other person by Nor to ;nftruc« law allowed to teach and instruct youth, in respect of any tors of youth, lectures or discourses delivered by such schoolmaster, or other person, for the instruction only of such youth as shall be committed to his instruction, shall be deemed a payment of money for admission to such lectures or discourses within the intent and meaning of this act.

Nothing in this act contained shall be deemed to take away The powers of or abridge any provision already made by the law of this realm, this act. or of any part thereof, for the suppression or punishment of any offence whatsoever described in this act.

This act shall be openly read at every Epiphany quarter when act to be sessions of the peace, and at every leet or law day. read.

No person shall be prosecuted by virtue of this act, unless Limitation of such prosecution shall be commenced within six calendar actions. months ; and no action shall be brought, for any of the penalties by this act imposed, unless the same shall be brought within three calendar months.

This act shall continue in force for three years from the day Commencement of passing this act, and until the end of the then next session of continuance parliament. of,a*

Seditious

622

Seditious and Treasonable PraAlices.

36 G. 3. e. 7*

Who deemed traitors by this as»

Seditious writing, speaking, or printing, how considered.

Return from

banishment

death.

Where offenders may be tried*

Certificate of conviction to be sufficient proof*

Limitation of actions for misdemeanors*

ANY person or persons, after the day of the passing of thjp aft, during the natural life of our raoft gracious Sovereign Lord the King, who shall, within the realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devifp, or intend death or destruction, or any bodily harm, to the person of our sovereigij Lord the King, his heirs and successors, or to deprive or dp-pose him or them from the stile, honour, or kingly name, of the imperial crown of this realm, or of any other of his Majesty's dominions or countries; or to levy war against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, within this realm, to compej him or them to change his or their measures or counsels, or to put any force or constraint upon, or to intimidate, or overawe, both houses, or either house of parliament; or tQ move or llir any foreigner or llranger with force to invade this realm, or any other his Majesty's dominions or countries, under the obeisance of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and such compaiflngs, imaginations, or intentions, or any of them, shall express, utter, or declare, by publishing any printing or writing, or by any overt aft or deed; being legally convicted thereof, upon the oaths of two lawful and credible witnesses, upon trial, or otherwise convicted or attainted by due course of law, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged, to be a traitor and traitors, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of high treason.

Persons, in England, who shall, by writing, printing, or speaking, incite the people to hatred or contempt of his Majesty or the government, shall be guilty of high mifde-meanors; and for a second offence may be punished as for a high misdemeanor, or banished or transported for feveij years.

Persons banished or transported, found at large within Great Britain before the expiration of their term, shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy. Such offenders may be tried where they shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence they were ordered to be banished or transported ; and the certificate of such banishment or transportation shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and order for banishment or transportation of such offenders.

No person or persons, by virtue of this present act, shall for any misdemeanor incur any the penalties herein-before mentioned, unless he, she, or they, be prosecuted within six calendar months, and the prosecution brought to trial or judgment within the first term, fittings, assizes, or sessions, in which the prosecutor could bring on such trial, or cause such judgment to be entered, or in the term* fittings, assizes, or session, which shall nextenfue; and no person shall, upon

trial.

Seditious and Treasonable Practices* 623

trial, be convicted by virtue of this act, for any misdemeanor, 36 G. 3. e. 7. but by the oaths of two credible witnesses. t*o witnesse*

All persons who shall at any time be accused* or indicted, necessary.

Or prosecuted, for any offence made or declared to be treason by this act, shall be entitled to the benefit of the acts of parliament, made 7 Gul. III. c. 3, and 7 Anna, c. it.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed Act not to pre-to extend, to prevent or affect any prosecution by information *cnt prosecution or indictment at the common law, for any offence within the at comnnofn law* provisions of this act, unless the party shall hate been fir It prosecuted under this act.

BY an act 33 G. III. c. 54, it was provided that no so- 35G*j*itU ciety which had been established before the pa(sing of the said act for the purposes therein mentioned* should be within the intent and meaning thereof, unless all the rules, Extrnsion of orders, or regulations, under which such society should tine for exhibit* thereafter be governed, should be exhibited, confirmed, and >ng tuiei. filed, at the general quarter feffiorts of the peace, holden for the county, riding, division, or shire, at some time before or immediately next after the feast of Saint Michael, 1794: and whereas many such societies may have inadvertently omitted to take the benefit of the said act; it shall be lawful for any such society to exhibit the rules, orders, and regulations, made for its government, at any general quarter fes-lions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, to be holden in and for the county. See, where such society hath been established, at any time before or immediately after the Michaelmas session, 1796; and such rules, orders, and regulations, being confirmed in thfe manner in the said act directed, may be filed at such sessions, and shall be valid and tffeftual as if exhibited, confirmed, and filed, within the time in the said act limited.

It shall be lawful for the governor, directors, managers. Rule* extended or members, of any institution, for the purpose of relieving the widows, orphans, and families of the clergy, and others lie,# in distressed circumstances, to frame good and wholesome rules, for the management and distribution of their funds, and the same from time to time to amend and alter, or to make new rules, as occasion shall require, and to procure the same to be prefen ted to the justices of the peace for their confirmation within the time hetein-before limited* and to be registered, under and subject to the same conditions, methods* reilriftions, and regulations, as the members of societies, to be established by virtue of the said act, are directed to make* alter, amend, or renew and register their rules. The

Friendly Societies*

6 24

35 G. 3 c. in-

Trfeafurer to be

appointed, giving securicy.

All powers of the former ail to be extended to this*

35 G. 3. c. 64.

jod. a day for diet and small beer*

Innkeepers' allowance in certain cases.

lod.} for each horse, instead of 6d.

Friendly Societies*

The governors, directors, managers, or members, of anjf such institution, whose rules shall be confirmed and registered according to the directions of the said act, shall and may appoint a treasurer, who shall give such security as is directed by the said act; and such treasurer so appointed shall be subject to account for the funds belonging to such initiation* and the same shall be veiled in such treasurer, and such treasurer shall sue and be sued in such manner as is directed by the said act; and all powers, authorities, provisions, and conditions in the said 2ft, shall be extended to all and every the infiitutions established for the purposes herein-before mentioned, by virtue of this act, or any of them ; and all such inditutions shall be entitled unto the benefit of this act 4

Innkeepers quartering Soldiers*

FROM and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, every non-commissioned officer and private soldier who shall be furnished with diet and small beer within the aforesaid part of Great Britain, by the innholders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said act now in force, or by virtue of any act which may hereafter be in force, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quraters, shall pay and allow for the same ten-pence per diem ; and the accounts of the same shall be rendered, and payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said act now in force touching the former rates of six pence per diem for the cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

In case any innholders or other persons on whom any non-commissioned officers or private men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the option in the mutiny aft, furnish such non-commissioned officers or soldiers with the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and small beer, at the rates prescribed by this act, such innholders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commissioned officer and soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said act 5 which sura of two-pence per diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the rates aforesaid.

The sum to be paid to the innholder or other person, on whom any of the horses belonging to his said Majesty's forces

shall.

Innkeepers quartering Soldiers. 625

shall be quartered by virtue of the said act, for hay and draw, 35 G. 3 c. 64. shall, from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, be ten*pence halfpenny per diem for each horse, instead of six-pence per diem as directed in the said act.

So much of the said receited act as relates to the manner of Repeal of former furnishing non-commissioned officers and soldiers on a march, aft in part, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the recruits by them raised, with diet or other provisions, is hereby re* pealed.

All non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall, during the Soldiers how continuance of this act, be entitled to receive their diet and supppited on the small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they mlrcb* may be billeted, at the rates herein-before prescribed, while on the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their final destination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either of the two subsequent days shall be a market-day in and for the town or place where such officers jn Cafe of a mar* or soldiers shall be billetted, or within the distance of two ketdsy. miles thereof, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day the supply of diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the articles in the said recited *

aft, specified, and at the rate herein-before prescribed. If any regiment, troop, company or detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite time. Soldiers halting at any intermediate place, the non-commissioned officers or on their march, soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such time only, for which they would be entitled to receive the same, after arriving at the place of their final dedination, according to this act.

All non-commissioned officers and private men employed in Recru;t;ng recruiting, and the recruits by them raised, shall, while on cers and soldiers, the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any recruiting dation, be entitled to the same benefits as is herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march ; but no recruit enlided after the two days subsequent to the New recruits, arrival of the party at their recruiting dation, shall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer, at the rate hereinbefore prescribed, except at the option of the person on whom he shall be quartered. In case any such recruiting Renting party party, with the recruits by them raised, shall remove from returning to their dation, and after a time shall return to the same place, their former they, and the recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not <iuarter,‘ be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for fuclr two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time of

L 111 their

35 c 3-

c. IC2*

626 Innkeepers quartering Soldiers,

35 G, 3. c. 64. their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall havfe exceeded twenty.eight days.

N. B. This act is continued by 36 G, 3, c. 36.

Weights and Scales.

FROM and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the j ustices, at every quarter sessions of the peace to be held for any county, riding, liberty, or division, in England or Wales, and they are hereby required to appoint one or more person or persons to examine the weights and balances within their respective counties, ridings, liberties and divisions, such person or persons so to be appointed to be the high constable of a hundred, who shall have the power of examining within his hundred, or the constable and parish officers of a parish, who shall have the like power within his and their parish, or such other fit and proper person or persons as the said justices shall in their discretion think fit, who shall have a power of examining within such district, as such justices shall appoint.

The person and persons so to be appointed are hereby required (having first been sworn duly and faithfully to execute the said office, by virtue of such appointment, and of this act, which oath the said justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) once in every month at the least, in the day time, to enter into the (hop, house, outw houses, and other premises near to such (hop or house, and into the shall or (landing place of every person Or persons who shall fell or retail by weight any wares, provisions, goods, or chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and examine, all weights and balances in such (hop, house, out-houses, premises, stall, or (landing-place, and to seize any weight or weights not being according to the stan-dard in the exchequer, or any false or unequal balance or balances, which shall upon such search be found, and forthwith to break and destroy the same ; and the person or persona-in whose (hop, house, out-houses, premises, &c. any such weight or weights, balance or balances, shall be found, shall, upon conviction thereof before one justice of the peace for the county, or place where the said offence shall be committed, upon view or confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, forfeit and pay such sum of penalty* money, not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than five

shillings, as the justices, before whom such person or persons shall be convicted, shall in his discretion order and adjudge; such forfeiture to be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and

chattels

Persons appointed to examine weights and balance*.

High constable, constable, and parish officers.

Persons to be sworn.

Vi fit once in every month*

to feire all unjust weights and balances.

Weights, &c. to be destroyed.

Go

. Weights and Scales. 627

chattels of the person or persons so offending, and to be paid 3*5 G. 3. c. 101. to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, where the said offence shall be committed, to be by him applied towards the expences of carrying this act into, execution, and the residue (if any) in aid of the general county-rate.

If any person shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, refill, or in obstructing the anywise oppose any of the persons hereby authorized and execution of thj? empowered to view and examine such weights and balances in the execution of his office, or if any person felling or retailing by weight shall refuse to produce his or her weights and balances, in order to be viewed and examined, he or she, who shall so offend, shall, for every such offence, on being duly convicted on oath before any one or more justices of the peace, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than five shillings, as the justice or justices before whom any such offender shall be convicted shall adjudge ; and such forfeiture or penalty shall be levied and applied as herein-before directed.

It shall and may be lawful to, and for the justices at their Allowance to laid quarter sessions, to allow to such person or persons, who officer*.

shall be appointed to examine weights and balances under this act, a reasonable recompence or satisfaction for their trouble in the execution of the said office, such recompence or satisfaction to be paid to such person or persons out of the general county-rate.

Any person or persons convicted of an offence under this act, and who shall suffer for the same under this act, shall not be otherwise punished, for such offence, by virtue of any other law or statute of this realm.

This act shall not extend or be construed to extend, to Act not to lessen lessen or prevent the authority, which any person or persons, *"thority ot bodies politic or corporate, or any person appointed at any rs* court leet for any hundred or manor, may have or possess for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking, or destroying any weights or balances within their respective jurisdictions, but that he, she, or they shall and may have and possess the -same power and authority therein as if this act had not been made.

The said justices are hereby empowered and required, as Justices may or-soon after the passing of this act, as may be convenient, to tier prefer purchase or cause to be purchased, for the use of their we,gjlts to bc respective counties, ridings, or divisions, out of the general Pure u c 9 county rate, proper weights according to the standard in the exchequer, which shall be deposited for the inspection of all persons, either with the respective clerks of the peace, or with some proper person, in such safe and convenient place or places, within their respective counties, ridings, or divisions, as the said justices shall direct; and shall be

♦ - L 11 1 2 produced

628

Weights and Scales.

35 G* 3. c» 10*.

to be produced when properly called for

Prosecution within one month*

produced by the person or persons in whose custody the same shall be lodged (upon reasonable notice) at such time and place, as any person or persons shall, by writing under their respective hands, require and appoint; the person or persons so requiring the production of the said weights, paying the reasonable costs and charges of producing the same.

No person shall be prosecuted unless information be given within one month.

Working on the Highways.

34. C. 3. r. 74. TT* ROM and after the 29th of September, 1794* every per-Thedutyoffuch 2? f°a who shall not keep a team, but shall keep one or as k*ep small more cart or carts, and one or two horses or beasts of draught

f?rms, pnly, used to draw in each of such carts upon the highways,

shall be obliged to perform his statute duty with such cart or carts, and horse or horses, or beasts of draught, and one One labourer labourer to attend each cart, or to pay for the lands, tene-with each c»rt. ments, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall , occupy, according to the rate herein-after mentioned, at the option of the surveyor; and every person who shall keep a coach, post-chaise, chair, or other wheel-carriage, and not keep a team, draught, or plough, nor occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of 50I. in the parish, township, or place, where he shall re. is. for each side, shall pay to the surveyor is. in respect of every such coach horse per day's statute duty for every horse which he shall draw in any such carriage, or shall pay according to the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the rate herein after mentioned, at the option of the surveyor ; and if the said teams, or any of them, shall not be thought needful by the surveyor on any of the said days, then every such person shall fend unto the said work, for every Or three able team so spared, three able men, there to labour as aforesaid,

men in lieu of or to pay to the surveyor the sum of 4s. 6d. in lieu

o^pa* $ 6d at t^ereo^» at the option of the surveyor ; and all such persons the option of the as aforesaid shall have and bring with them such shovels and surveyor. other tools as are useful and proper for the purposes aforesaid;

and all the said persons and carriages shall diligently perform the work and labour to which they shall be appointed by such Labour for eight surveyor, for eight hours in every of the said days, within hours per day. such parish, township, or place, or in getting and carrying materials in and from any other, to be employed in the repair of "the highways on which they shall be required to perform such duty and labour as aforesaid ; and if any person fending a team, shall not fend n fiafficient labourer besides the

driver*

Working on the Highways.

m driver, (except as before-mentioned) or if any such labourer or driver, or the driver of any cart required to perform fta-tuteduty as aforesaid, shall refuse to work and labourduring the time above-mentioned, according to the direction of the . surveyor, or if any driver shall refuse to carry proper and sufficient loads, it shall and may be lawful for such surveyor to discharge every such team, cart, or labourer, and to recover from the owner the forfeiture which every such person or persons would have incurred by virtue of the said act, in case no such team or labourer had been sent.

Any person or persons liable to perform the said duty shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said surveyor, at the time and in the manner mentioned in the former att, 13 G. 3. c. 78. such sum or sums of money as the justices of the peace for the limits wherein such parish, township, or place, shall be, or the major part of them, at their special sessions, to be held in the first week after Michaelmas quarter sessions in every year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding 6s. nor less than 3s. for each team, draught, or plough, for each day ; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of 4s. 6d. for and iii lieu of every such

I day's duty, for each team, and for every cart and one horse or bead of draught, 2s. ; and for every cart with two horses, or beasts of draught, 3s. for and in lieu of every day's duty.

Every person keeping a waggon, cart, or wain, and three or more horses or beasts of draught, used to draw the same, shall be deemed to keep a team, and be liable to perform lta-tute duty with the same, six days in every year, to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, and shall fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished, after the custom of the country, with oxen, horses, or other cattle, and also two able men, for every 50I. per ann. which he shall occupy, and also for every 50I. per ann. in any other parish, besides that wherein he resides; and every other person not keeping a team, but occupying lands of the yearly value of 50I. in any parish, shall find and fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished with not less than three horses or four oxen, and one horse or two oxen, and two horses, and two able men, to each carriage, and in like manner for every 50!. per annum, which every such person shall occupy in any such parish. Every person who shall not keep a team, but shall occupy lands, Sec. under the yearly value of 50I. and every person keeping a team, and occupying lands, &c. under the yearly value of 50I. in any other parish, township, or place, than that wherein he resides, shall respectively contribute to the repair of the highways, and pay to the surveyor of such parish,

township.

629

34 3* 74*

If labourers are idle, owner of the team liable to the penalty.

Composition for teams.

Who stall be deemed to keep team.

Six days for «eery 50I. per annum.

And in any other parish*

Ordinal from

630 Working on the Highways.

34C. 3.C.74. township, or place respectively, in lie-u of such doty, the sums following, for every 20s. of the annual value of such Composition 6d. lands, &c. the Aim of id. for every day's statute duty, not in the pound exceeding six days' duty in the whole; and every such person under 50I. and shall pay the sum of I(j. per day for every 20s. above the annual and Vool?0 value of 50I. and less than 100I. and so for every 20s. that each progressive and intermediate annual value of 20s. shall fall short of the further increase of 50I. for every day's statute One labourer duty so to be required, no person keeping such team, and with a team m not occupying lands, &c. of the yearly value of 30I. shall be siirveyor*sC^uty obliged to fend more than one labourer with such team. In default of payments the surveyor shall make application to a justice of the peace, acting for the district wherein such default shall be made, and the justice to whom such application shall be made shall summon the party to appear at some special or other petty sessions, to be holden for such district, and at which two justices at the lead shall be present, to shew cause why he has refused or neglected to pay such composition money ; and in default of appearance, or if on appearance he shall not make it appear to the satisfaction of the said justices that he is poor and indigent, and as such is an object 01*Tr00r ^cferv*ug relief, such money shall be levied by distress and and indigenu°0r of g00^ and chattels of the person or persons refusing or neglecting to pay the same.

Poor persons on Persons wholly gaining their livelihood by the wages of application may daily labour, and occupying rateable tenements within a be exempted. parish, township, or place, being by reason of age, sickness, a numerous family, or misfortune, in poor and indigent dr-cuflances, shall, on the application of such poor and indigent persons, be discharged from the payment of the rate or composition, if it shall appear to the satisfaction of two justices, at any special or petty sessions, that such persons are really poor and indigent, and deserving objects of such relief; and when on application, as above-mentioned, thejus-Dischar ed from ilcts proper to discharge any poor and indigent

ra e,^dffeharged person from payment of the rate or composition money, such from eipences, person shall at the same time be discharged from any expences which may arise in consequence of such summons and appearance.

Team d»ty may ^ lt appear to the justices, at their special sessions, to4 be performed in be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter sessions, or kind, according at any other special or petty sessions, that there will be diffi-toculty in procuring the liecefTary carriages, or a Aifficient num-J3 3 of labourers, for the repair of the highways, within their respective limits, without paying high and extravagant prices for the same, such justices may order and dire£l the team duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind, except in respect of such teams as belong to persons

who

in case of default.

r

s

:P

B

I!

b

t'

Working on the Highways.

who do not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of 30I. within the same, and also may order all such persons as shall gain their living by the wages of daily labour, or such part of them as they shall think fit, to perform six days' labour upon such highways in kind, either by themselves or other sufficient labourers, in case so many days' duty shall be required, upon being paid for such labour the usual and customary wages given to labourers in such parish; provided that if part of such teams or labourers only be required, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices, in some given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth part thereof; and the surveyor shall, in that case, at a public vestry for such parish, township, or place, put the names of all the persons liable by this act to fend such teams, into one hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform such labour into another hat or box, and some inhabitant then present shall draw out such number from each as shall be equal to the proportion so ordered by the said justices, and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year ; and if any such order shall be made or continued in the subsequent year the same method shall be observed, but the names drawn in the preceding year shall not be put into such hat or box ; and in every succeeding year such method and regulation shall be observed by such surveyor, as to render the duty so required to be performed in kind, as equal amongst the several persons liable thereto as may be ; which order of the said justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compound-S~ing, and shall be binding and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall continue in force until it shall be discharged or varied by the justices at some subsequent special sessions for the highways within such limit to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter sessions.

All the clauses, powers, and provisions, contained in the said act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall continue in force; any thing here contained to the contrary thereof in any wise no twith Handing.

FINIS.

ERRATUM.

In page 190, of the Erfl part of this work, line 11, for Ax months read six days.

contents

631

34 C. 3. c. 74.

Labourers allowed customary wages.

Duty to be performed by lot.

The order erf justices may b« continued.

A&13G.3 c.78# in full force, except as altered by this act.

q —

CONTENTS

TO THE

APPENDIX.

Alehouses — unlicensed, *

Butter packed for Sale, - - -

Curates' Stipend, -

Dairies exempted from Window Tax,

Dog Tax, *

Game, - - - -

Glove Licence Duty repealed, - «*>

Hair Powder, -

Better Collection of Duty on Hats,

Hawkers and Pedlars, -

Horses and Carriages, -

Additional Duty on Riding and Carriage Horses,

New Duties on certain Horses and Mules,

Hay and Straw, *

Magistrates' A a continued for five Years, Explanation of Militia Families' Act,

Miller's Aa, - -

An Aa against Combinations in the Paper Manu-faaory, -

Pawn-Broker's Aa, - - *

Relief of Poor in their own Houses,

Removal of Poor Persons, -

Additional Duties on Receipts, - -

Raising Seamen, -

Raising Seamen of certain Descriptions, idle and able-bodied, - -

Further aa for Raising Seamen,

Seditious Meetings, - -

Seditious and Treasonable Praaices,

Friendly Societies, - .

Innkeepers quartering Soldiers,

Weights and Scales, - - -

Working on Highways, -

APPENDIX,

CONTAINING THE

ACTS OF 37 and 38 GEORGE III.

Armorial Bearings.

I v*

BY this act, from June 24, 1798, the stamp duties following 38 G. 3. c. $3} are to be paid:

Persons using armorial bearings on carriages, seals, plate, or other articles, are to take out an annual certificate: such certificates to persons keeping carriages, to be charged 2I. 2s.; and to persons not keeping them, but chargeable to the duties on houses, &c. il. is.; and to persons notfochargeable, 1 os. 6d.

This act is not to extend to the Royal Family, or to arms used by cities, boroughs, or towns corporate.

The duties granted in this act are to be under the manage- v ment of the of for stamps.

Any three or more of may appoint offices within Office where ap* the limits of ten miles of the head office in Middlesex, for pointed, the receipt of names and places of abode of persons liable to the payment of the said duties; and the respective head distributors of stamps shall also, without the said limits, in their respective divisions, with the consent and approbation of the said of, appoint in every county, or place, in Great Britain, one or more such offices and places for the receipt of all accounts of the names and places of abode of all other persons liable to the payment of the said duties, without the limits of ten miles from the head office: all which offices and places shall be kept open for the purposes of this act on such days, and during such periods of the year, as the of shall direct.

A 2 FORM

636 Armorial Bearings.

FORM OF ACCOUNT.

Day of # in the Year of our Lord

Here set forth the County and Parish, Ward, Street, or Town, where the Office is fi-tuate. Here set forth the Name or Names of the Parties. % — Here set forth the Place of Abode, containingTown, Street, Parish, and County. Here set forth whether the Party is chargeable for the said Duties in respect of any Coach or other Carriage before mentioned, or to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, or One of the Family; 1videlicet, Wife, Son, Daughter, &fr. (as the Case may 6r), or Lodger or Inmate, and the Year for which the Certificate is to be taken out.

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

Counterpart. Form of Certificate.

Column Column Column > — f m > Here set Here set Here set forth the

for the for Name for the 3 B forth the forth the County and Town,

Number and Place County 0 2 0 -1 Number Name and or Parish, where

of Certi- of Abode, and Name £ of Certi- Place of the Certificate is

ficate and and De- of Officer. 5 §8$ 5 ficate and Abode of issued, and the

Date. feription. n m Date. the Party, Name of the Of-

2. 3 5* or other ficer issuing the

Crq (K) Descrip- same, and the Year

O -1 O T tion that for which the Cer-

m w k >. j may be tificate is issued.

d Oq 3 m 3 3 % Orq 3 necessary.

/ m

> 3 m > 3

3 C 3 c

pa 5 c m m p_ 0 c rt

-vj

VO 00 m VO 00

Every

s

. Origiral

P'Js

Armorial Bearings.

637

Every certificate, issued by virtue of this act, shall com-3s C. 3. *.53, mence and determine on the 24th day of June.

J ustices may require copies of lids of persons that have taken out certificates to be delivered to them gratis.

One moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby Application of imposed (except where other provisions ate expressly made) penalties, shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

Any neighbouring justice may determine offences where the Justices* juris-penalty does not exceed 20I. He may summon the party ac-d,aion* cufed, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either side, and examine into the matter of fast; and upon proof made thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or otherwise, as the case may require, may give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this act is directed, to be divided, onft moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to the informer; and may award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying the said penalty adjudged of the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any space of time, not exceeding fix, nor less than three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Appeal, if aggrieved, may be made to the next general quarter Appeal. Cessions.

The justices may adjourn hearing complaints, where the Complaint party swears he has obtained a certificate in another place, when to be ad-Penalties may be mitigated, so as such mitigation doth notiourned* reduce the penalties to less than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the colts.

Distributors are to transmit copies of lifts to the parish officers. Copies of Lifts, or peace officers, to be affixed on the church doors, or market cross (if any), and shall cause the same to be, from time to time, replaced for the space of four weeks then next ensuing, and as often as it shall be necessary; and a penalty of 40s. shall be paid for defacing such copies, one moiety thereof to the churchwarden or overseer of the poor, constable, tythingman, or other peace officer aforesaid, and the ether moiety thereof to the informer or informers.

The

Original fron

jSG. 3: c. si Penalties.

Foreigner.

Xvidence refu-

Form of Con-vidionr '

Forging Stamp*

638 Armorial Bearings.

The penalty for using armorial bearings without a certificate is £.20 ; and if any person shall fraudulently use any such certificate, in order to evade the payment of the said duty by this act imposed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of f. 30.

No person who shall come into this kingdom from foreign parts shall be required to obtain his or her certificate in pursuance of this act, before the expiration of twenty-one days next after such arrival.

If any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before a justice, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, without a reasonable excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence, such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 40*. to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

The j,ustice of the peace shall cause the conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis 5 (that is to

% )>

Be it reme?nbered9 that on the day of

in the year of our Lord in the county of

A. B. of was convicted before me C. D.

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for

fefdirg near the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on the day of now last

pajl, did, contrary to the form of the statute in that case made and provided [here state the offence against the ad] ; and 1 do declare and adjudge, that the said A. B. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law diretts Given under my hand and J'eal, the day of

Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be wrote fairly upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter felllons of the peace, to remain and be kept among the records of the same county, riding, division, &c.; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari, or other process, into any court whatsoever.

If any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any stamp allowed to be used, in pursuance of this act, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty, or shall utter, fell, of expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duty, with such counterfeit mark thereon, knowing the same

Go

X

Bread. Cavalry. 639

same to be counterfeited, every person so offending, and being 38 G. 3. c. 55* thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

All powers and provisions of former acts respecting stamp duties are to extend to this act as fully and effectually as if the same had been re-enacted, with relation to the said duty hereby imposed.

Assize of Bread on account of Salt.

WHEREAS, by An act for granting to his Majesty additional 3S G. 3. c. 62* duties on salt, the price of that article is materially increased, by reason whereof the bakers will be considerably injured, if some allowance be not made to them on account of such additional duties: When any magistrates or justices of the Jufoces on set* peace shall set the assize of bread, they shall, immediately be- ting Aiftze. fore setting such assize, add to what shall appear to be the average price per quarter of wheat fit for the making of wheaten bread, the sum of 5d. on account of the additional duty on salt, so as to increase such average price 5d. per quarter; and shall then, in setting the assize of bread, make use of such increased average price in all respects as if the same were the real average price of wheat, so long as fuel^ # additional duty on salt shall continue, but no longer.

Cavalry.

BY this act, lieutenants of counties, by his Majesty's war- 3s G. 3. c.9*.

rant, are' required to cause to be prepared lifts of the Lifts, persons enrolled in the provisional cavalry, and to transmit duplicates to the receiver-general of the duties on horses; and to appoint the place and time for embodying them, and to make the same known to the constables, who are to cause Natices. notices to be affixed on the churches; and such notice shall be deemed sufficient, and the persons who are enrolled shall attend attend at the time and place mentioned in such notice.

Constables are to make a return on oath of what they have Constables' Redone ; and if any person enrolled cannot be found, the said turn, constables shall make a return thereof upon oath, or solemn affirmation, to the best of their knowledge and belief.

Justices may determine any disputes touching proportion of Disputeshow expences of classes; and in case of refusal or non payment of settled, any sums ordered to be paid by the space of 13 days next after such determination, such justice shall and may iflbe forth his warrant to levy the same by distress and sale.

' If

' OrigiPa4-from

new York public libra

640

Cavalry.

Training Per-fom not embodied.

Sum allowed*

3I G. 3. c. 94. If cloathing for men, or if horses or proper furniture for them, be not provided, a sum equal to the estimated allowance to be forfeited.

His Majesty may disband the embodied provisional cavalry of any place; and their horses, &c. shall be delivered up; but all persons shall continue liable to serve when his Majesty shall think it expedient.

Persons enrolled in provisional cavalry not embodied, who shall consent to receive bounty, may be trained and exercised for such space of time, and at such time or times in the year, as shall seem expedient to his Majesty.

Persons enrolled, appearing at the time and place appointed for exercise, shall be entitled to two guineas above their pay, which the receiver-general of the land-tax shall pay to the commanding officer; and one guinea of each sum so received by any captain or officer commanding any troop, or fq much thereof as he shall think proper, shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective persons of the said cavalry; and such captain or commanding officer shall forthwith pay the other guinea of the said money to the persons respectively, and shall, before the expiration of the tiipe appointed for such exercise, account to such person how first-mentioned guinea hath been applied and disposed of Notice of the time and place of exercise shall be sent by the clerk of the general meeting to the chief constables, to forward, to the constables to affix it on the church doors; and the provisional cavalry, properly furnished, shall attend accordingly.

Provisional cavalry may be billetted as the militia during the times of their annual-exercise*

Every person offering himself to serve in any fencible corps of cavalry, in lieu of the said provisional force of cavalry, shall take the same oath as may have been taken by the private men of the corps in which he may enter; which oath may be administered by any one deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace in any county, or place, where such person shall be enrolled.

yvnilirs to be Weekly allowance out of poor rates shall be paid to the fcpportetf. families of provisional cavalry men, when embodied or leaving home to be trained ; that is, a sum not exceeding is. for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and a sum not exceeding is* for the wife of the person so enrolled and serving as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children ; and in every parish, tything, or place, where the money arising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the purpose aforesaid, a new rate shall be made for railing sums sufficient for that purpose.

If

Notice of Exercise.

Billeting of Cavalry.

Fencible Cavalry.


r

a

Cavalry.

641

If a person has kept an additional horse for military service, 3 8 3. c. 94.

Jie shall be exempted from duty for him; but such person shall be liable to be charged to the said duties in respect of other horses, mares, or geldings, kept by him or her, exclusive of the mare or gelding so provided for the said service.

Substitutes may be changed, with the consent of two deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace of the county, or place, acting for the subdivision in or for which he shall have so a

found such substitute ; and every person so enrolled in lieu of the person discharged, shall be duly cloathed and accoutred and serve, as the former substitute would otherwise have been cloathed and accoutred, and have served in the same.

Houses, Windows, and Lights.

FROM April 5, 1798, in England, and the term of Whit- 3 8 G. 3-c.

sunday, 1798, in Scotland, the duties on houses, windows, or lights, granted by 6, 24, and 37 Geo. III., and on houses, by 19 Geo. III., and the additional duties upon the amount thereof, and the duties on clocks and watches, granted by 37 Geo. III., are to cease; and, in lieu thereof, the duties in the following schedules are to be levied; which several schedules, and the rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a part of this act.

Every assessment shall be in force for one whole year, and the duties to be levied upon any such assessments shall be charged upon the occupier; but in all cases where the rates and duties by this act repealed, are directed to be paid by the landlord or landlords of any house or tenement, the said landlord or landlords shall be liable to the duties hereby granted in like manner.

The duties hereby directed to be charged on the occupier, shall be levied upon and paid by the occupier for the time being, without any new assessment for that year, notwithstanding any change in the occupation.

No rate or duty shall be levied by virtue of this act, in respect of any cottage or tenement containing not more thart fix windows or lights in the whole, the occupier whereof, by reason of poverty only, and not for any other cause, is exempted from the payment of the usual ta^es towards the church and poor.

Apartments \n inns of court, colleges and halls, and offices belonging to hospitals. See. containing eight windows* or under, are to Ipe charged 2s. for ^ach j and above that number, as an entire house,

B In

NEW

igin-al from

PUBLIC LI

642 Houses, Windows,

38 G. 3. c. 40. In hospitals, &c. only the apartments occupied by officers or servants shall be subject to duty.

The duty is not to be charged on licensed chapels, or dairies, before exempted.

No window is to be deemed Hopped up, unless it be with Hone or brick, or the same materials as the outside walls.

This act is not to extend to any window in the roofs, if Hopped with like materials as the outside.

No new window is to be made, nor any flopped-up one to be restored, or any to be Hopped up, without previous notice to the surveyor, on penalty of £.10.

The surveyor is to certify windows made or reHored, and what the parties have been under-rated in the assessment, to the of, who shall cause the assessment to be redi-. fled ; and every such assessment, when amended, shall be liable to be appealed againH in such manner as if the same had been originally so made.

No appeal or abatement of duties is to be allowed by reason of windows flopped up, unless proved to have been Hopped up previous to certain periods; the 5th of April next before the making the said assessment, if in England ; or if in Scotland, previous to the term of Whitsunday next before the making the said assessment.

Commissioners of the land tax, and the surveyors, affeflfors, and collectors, appointed under the acts relative to the rates herein repealed, or to be passed in this tession, are to put this ad in execution.

Within the bills of mortality, St.Mary-le-bone and Pancras, the appointment of collectors shall belong to the resident of, and no other; who shall appoint such persons to be collectors, as shall have given security, and shall be thought by the said of of ability to execute the office of collector: where two or more of shall not be resident in any parish for which collectors are to be appointed, a commissioner or of residing in any adjacent parish may concur in the appointment of such collectors.

The duties by this act granted shall be assessed, collected, and received, in such manner as the rates and duties upon houses, windows, &c. under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes: except all clauses of exemption in the acts of the 6th, 24th, and 37th years of his present Majesty, for granting any of the rates or duties on windows or lights, hereby repealed, all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, contained in any act or acts in relation to the said duties hereby repealed, shall be in full force, for the assessing, collecting, and paying the several rates and duties granted by this act*

In

Houses, Windows, &c. 643

In any place where assessors or collectors are not appointed, 38 G, 3. r. 40, any two justices, on notice of such default from the surveyor, may appoint them.

Persons neglecting to obey the precept of such justicefc, or to take upon them the office of assessor or collector, shall forfeit and pay £. 20.

If two commrffioners do not meet, one,with a justice, or if none should meet, two justices, may do all things which are by this act, or any acts in force, directed to be done by of; and all such acts done by any such of and justices, or by two or more such justices of the peace, shall be as valid as if they had been done by two or more of.

If collectors do not demand duties, or neglect to execute warrants for recovery of them within a limited time, the parish shall be answerable for the same.

No collector shall insert in any schedule the name of any person to be returned into the Exchequer as a defaulter, unless such collector shall make oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, shall make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, before the of, or justices, who shall certify the said oath or affirmation on the said schedule, that the sum for which such person is so returned, is due and wholly unpaid, to the best of his knowledge and belief; and that the person so making default is unable to pay the same, and by reason of poverty is exempted from the actual payment of all taxes and assessments towards the church and poor; or that such person became insolvent or bankrupt before the day on which the rates and duties became payable, and had not goods and chattels sufficient whereon to raise the said rates and duties, at any time since they became payable ; or that such person removed from the parish before the day on which the rates or duties became payable, without leaving sufficient goods and chattels whereon the rates and duties, or any part thereof, could be raised and levied; which oath or affirmation shall be indorsed on such schedule, which shall specify the names of the persons making such default, and the reason for returning each such defaulter.

Any arrear of the rates and duties arising by default or by the failure of any collector, shall be re-assessed by the like methods, by which the original assessment was made. But the sum so to be re-assessed shall not be charged on the amount of any of the duties granted by the act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the profeution of the <ivar.

If any occupier of a dwelling house rated or assessed to any of the duties of this act, shall remove out of the limits of the collector, without paying all the rates and duties charged upon him or her in respect of such dwelling-house, or without

B 3

' YOPiK

644 Houses, Windows* &c.

S* G. 3. e. 40. leaving in or upon such dwelling-house sufficient goods and chattels, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said rates and duties foleft unpaid, the sum of twenty pounds.

No goods shall be taken by virtue of any process, except at the suit of the landlord for rent, or of the King, unless the party shall previously undertake to pay the arrears of duty not exceeding one year. In case of refusal, the colJeftor may distrain goods or chattels, and proceed to sale thereof, according to the laws now in force, in order to obtain payment of the said duties in arreaf for one year; and all remedies which by any acts concerning bankrupts, or concerning the method of reco* vering rent in arrear, are given and granted to any creditors, leffors, or landlords respectively, and all the powers of an act (27 Geo. II. c. 20) ; and aKo of another a ft (33 Geo. III. c. 55) ; as far as the same relate to the execution of warrants of distress granted by justices of the peace, shall be used by the of, and by any collector, surveyor, orinfpeftorof the said rates and duties,- acting under their authority.

Every person appointed or to be appointed to put this act in execution as a commissioner, or any justice of the peace executing the office of a commissioner, before he shall act, shall take the following oath (that is to say) :

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of ?ny fill and knowledge, execute the federal powers and authorities reposed in me as a commissioner, by the federal acts relative to the duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of T2xes; and that I will judge and determine upon all appeals, and all other matters and things which shall be brought before me as a commissioner under the said several afis, and every or any of them, without favour or affeSion.

So help me God.

Which oath any commissioner or any jaftice of the peace where the act'eflment is to be made, is hereby authorized to administer, although the said person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the oath ; and which oath so taken, shall be subscribed by the party taking the same; and the names of all the persons so subscribing shally within one month afterwards, be transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at Somerset Place, in the County of Middlesex, by the Clerk of the General Meeting of the Commissioners, or the Clerks of the Division Meetings respectively; and if any perfo > shall, from and after the 5th of April, 1798, presume to act as a commissioner in execution of any of the acts relative to

the*

Go, qIc

I o:

t

II ll k

Houses, Windows, &c» 64$

the duties under the management of the Commissioners for the 38 G. 3. c.40. Affairs of Taxes (except in adrtli differing the said oath), before he shall have taken the same oath herein mentioned, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of 50I.

No person is to act without taking the oath of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, or taking and subscribing the declaration of fidelity, required by any law to be taken, made, and subscribed.

Assessors are to take the following oath:

9 .

I A.B. do swear (or affirm, as the case may require) that in the assessment which I dm required to make by authority of the several acts relative t6 the dutiis under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and now in force, 1 will aft faithfully and honestly. and without favour or affection, according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me God.

Which oath* &c. two of may administer*

If any person shall presume to act as an alfelfor before he Hi all have taken the said oath or affirmation (as the case shall require), he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of 50I.

No commissioner shall act in London, St. Martin' s-le-Grand, or Westminster 'y without taking the following oath:

I A.B. do swear (or affirm, as the case may require), that truly and bona fide 1 have such an estate, consisting of (specifying the same), of the clear value of two thousand pounds, over and above what will satisfy and discharge all my debts.

So help me God.

Which oath, 8cc. may be administered by any commissioner Of those districts.

A penalty of 200I. shall be paid for acting without taking the! oath, &c.

If the charge or surcharge in a case transmitted to the Judges shall be confirmed, the party shall pay 40s. costs to his Majesty.

Commissioners may have the opinion of any of the Judges,

&c» in matters of law arising on any appeal, on Hating the case speci^lly* without subjecting the parties to costs.

Go gl

Origiral from

,* o.

V

646 Houses, Windows, &c*

SCHEDULE A.

g. c. 40. A ScHEbtJLE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dwelling-house inhabited or to be inhabited within England and Scotland respectively, according to the number of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling-house*

— 1 — 1 —

t Yj.

Number of Windows, according to which the dwelling-house shall be charged

- ii ' 1 1 .

Duties ta be ' paid for every dwelling - house d in, England.

Not more than fix windows or lights (except such inhabited dwelling-houses which shall be worth the rent of 5). by the year, And shall be charged to the rate or duty herein mentioned, according to the rent thereof) -Not more than fix windows or lights, if of the value before mentioned, and charged to the said rate or duty accordingly — —

Seven windows or lights — —

Eight — — — —

Nine — — — —

Ten — — — —

Eleven — — —

Twelve — — — —

Thirteen — — —

Fourteen — - — — —

Fifteen — — — —

Sixteen — — - —

Seventeen — — - —

Eighteen — — — —

Nineteen — —

Twenty — — — —

Twenty-one — — —

Twenty-two — - — —

Twenty-three — — —

Twenty-four — — - —

Twenty-five — - — —

Twenty-six — —

Twenty-seven — —

Twenty-eight — - — —

Twenty-nine — — — — -

Thirty — — — —

Thirty-ore — — —

Thirty-two — . — *- —

Thirty-three — - — — —

Thirty-four — — —

Thirty-five — — - —

Thirty-six —

Thirty-seven — —

Thirty-eight — - — » — - —

Thirty-nine — — — — —

Prom forty to forty-four — —

From forty-five to forty-nine — -r-

Duties to be -lid lor every welling-house in Scotland.

r .* V . 0

' V j^i

0 *. A 4 6 O 2 6

O 6 0 O 4 0

O H 6 O 12 6

I i 0 O *9" 0

I 7 0 I 5 0

I *4 0 I 12 0

2 4 0 2 1 a 0

2 16 0 2 14 0

3 8 JO 3 6 0

4 0 0 3 18 0

4 12 0 4 10 0

5 4 0 5 2 0

5 16 0 5 14 0

6 8 0 6 6 0

7 0 0 6 18 0

7 12 0 7 10 0

8 4 0 8 *2 0

8 16 0 8 14 0

9 8 0 9 6 0

10 0 0 9 18 0

10 12 0 10 10 0

11 2 0 11 0 0

11 12 0 11 10 0

12 2 0 12 0 0

12 12 0 12 xo 0

*3 2 0 13 0 0

12 0 13 10 0

14 2 0 H 0 0

H 12 0 H 10 0

*5 2 0 *5 0 0

*5 12 Q *5 16 0

16 0 O «5 18 .0

16 8 ' O 16 6 0

16 16 O 16 14 0

*7 4 O 17 2 0

*7 JO 0 17 8 0

19 0 O 18 18 0

NEWJORKPU&UC

Houses, Windows, &c. 647

Number of Windows, according to which the dwelling-house shall be charged. _, ----- ----- ---- — ----- ----- ---- — -

Duties to be paid for every dwelling - houie in England.

From fifty to fifty-four — —

From fifty-five to fifty-nine — — — *

From sixty to sixty-four — —

From sixty-five to fi*ty nine — —

From seventy to seventy-four — -p-

From seventy-five to seventy-nine —

From eighty to eighty-four — —

From eighty-five to eighty-nine — —

From ninety to ninety-four — - —

From ninety-five to ninety-nine — —

From one hundted to one hundred and nine From one hundred and ten to one hundred and nineteen — —

From one hundred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-nine — — —

From one hundred and thirty to one hundred and thirty-nine — - — — -

From one hundred and forty to one hundred and forty-nine — — —

From one hundred and fifty to one hundred and fifty-nine — — — —

From one hundred and sixty to one hundred and sixty-nine — — —

From one hundred and seventy to one hundred and seventy-nine — - — — .

From one hundred and eighty and upwards —

And for every such dwelling house which shall contain more than 180 windows or lights, for every window or light exceeding the number I of 1*0 — — — I

The said several Rates and Duties to be charged in respect of every inhabited Dwelling-house, without any other or further exemption being allowed than such as are contained and expressly provided in and by this act, notwithstanding any former $atute cr statutes to the contrary.

Duties to be 38 G« 3* paid for every fe dwelling-house in Scotland.

c. 49 %

20 10 O 20 . 1 8 0

» 22 0 O 21 18 0

23 10 O 23 8 0

25 0 O 24 18 0

26 10 0 26 8 0

28 0 O 27 18 0

29 10 O 29 8 Q

31 0 O 30 18 O

32 10 O 32 8 O

34 0 O 33 18 O

37 0 O 36 18 d

40 0 0 39 18 0

43 0 I O 42 18 0

46 1 O O 45 18 0

49 0 O 48 18 Q

52 O O 5i 18 c

55 0 O 54 18 0

53 O O 57 18 0

61 0 ' I O 60 18 0

0 2 6 0 2 *

' v.

Original fror^

648 Houses, Windows, &c.

SCHEDULE B.

j8G. 3. c. 4#. A Schedule of the Rates and Duties payable on all inhabited Dwelling-houses within and throughout Great-Britain, according to the Value thereof.

----- ----- ----- ----- --- — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --

For every inhabited House in Great-Britain, which, with the Household and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, are or shall be worth the Rent by the Year, there shall be changed the yearly sums following^ vix.

Five Pounds and under Twenty Pounds Rent by the Year -Twenty Pounds and under Forty Pounds Rent by the Year Forty Pounds Rent by the Year and ujswar^s - -

In the Pound. £ '

0 S

1 o

1 5

The said last-mentioned Rates and Duties to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of every such Inhabited House, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts ?n force, for granting the Duties on Inhabited Houses hereby repealed, but to no other or further exemptions whatever, noj-\vit}iftaudin£ ^ny statute or statute$ to the contrary.

Newspapers.

. xjfi . V- '

G. 3. c. 7$« TT'ROM and after August 7, 1798, no person is to print or X1 publish a newspaper until an affidavit or affirmation has been delivered at the Stamp Office, containing the several matters and things herein-after for that purpose specified and mentioned.

Such affidavit or affirmation shall specify and set forth the real and true names and places of abode of all persons who are intended to be the printers and publishers of the newspaper or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, and of 1 all the proprietors of the same, if the number of such pro-

prietors, exclusive of the printer and publisher, does not exceed two; and in case the same shall exceed such number, then two of such proprietors, exclusive of the printer and publisher, and also the amountof such proportional shares of such proprietyrs in the property of the newspaper or other paper, and the true description of the house or building wherein any such paper is intended to be printed, and likewise the title of such paper.

Where the proprietors exceed two, the names of two whose shares shall not be less than the others, exclusive of the printer and publisher, shall be specified in the affidavit, &c.

This affidavit is to be made as often as the printers, pub-lifhers, or proprietors, or their abode, shall be changed, &c. or as* of tea as the Commissioners for Stamps shall require.

Every


Newspapers.

649

Every such affidavit or affirmation shall be in writing, and signed by the person or persons making the same, and shall be taken by any one or more of the said of, or by any officer specially appointed by them, which of and other officers are hereby authorised to take such affidavits and affirmations.

Where the printer?, publishers, and proprietors required to be named in the affidavit, do not excceed four, the whole are to swear; and where they do exceed that number, four, if adult, are to swear to certain particulars, and to give notice to the parties not swearing, under a penalty of 50I. each.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or deliver out any newspaper or other such paper, such affida-davit or affirmation, containing such things as are required by this act, not having been duly signed, sworn, or affirmed, and delivered, such person shall forfeit, for every such act done, the sum of iool.

Persons making false affidavit or affirmation are liable to the penalties for wilful and corrupt perjury.

All such affidavits and affirmations as aforesaid shall be filed and kept as the of shall direct ; and the same, or copies thereof certified to be true copies, shall be received and admitted as conclusive evidence against every person who shall have signed and sworn or affirmed the same, and shall also be received and admitted as sufficient evidence of the truth against every person who shall not have signed or sworn or affirmed the same, but who shall be therein mentioned to be a proprietor, printer, or publisher of such newspaper or ether paper, unlefe the contrary shall be satisfactorily proved.

If any person shall have delivered, previous to the publication of the paper to which the proceedings relate, an affidavit that he has ceased to be printer, proprietor, or publisher, he shall not be so deemed after such delivery.

In some part of every newspaper, or other such paper, shall be printed the names and place of abode of the printer or printers, publisher or publishers of the same, and also a true description of the place where the same is printed, on a penalty of look; and proof made in manner herein mentioned that the party proceeded against is a printer or publisher of a newspaper or other such paper, shall be deemed and taken to be proof that such party is a person wilfully and knowingly printing or publishing, or causing the same to be printed or published, unless he shall satisfactorily prove the contrary thereof.

After production of the affidavit, or copy, and a paper intitled as therein mentioned, it shall not be necessary to prove the purchase of the paper at any house, shop, of office, belong-

C ing

38 G. 3. c. 7S. Affidavits to be made.

How many to be sworn.

Penalty for not making the affi.* davit.

And for false oath.

Oath to be filed.

Names and ptace of abode.

Oath produced sufficient pr#of.

38 G. 3. c. 78.

Goad service what ?

Copies of affidavits.

Penalty on acting without authority.

False certificate.

Copy of paper to the Com mi ffi oners*

Unstamped paper.

Not to be received.

650 Newspapers.

ing to or occupied by the defendant or defendants, or any of them, or by his or their servants or workmen.

Service at the house or place mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation of any legal notice, summons, &c. shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient service thereof against all persons named in such affidavit or affirmation as proprietors, publishers, or printers of the newspaper or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation. If any person shall have delivered, previous to the publication of the paper to which the proceedings relate, an affidavit that he has ceaied to be printer, proprietor, or publisher, he shall not be so deemed after such delivery.

Certified copies of affidavits shall be delivered upon application made to the of, in order that the same may be produced in any civil or criminal proceedings, he or they paying for the same the sum of one shilling and no more.

If any person, not being such commissioner or officer as aforesaid, shall presume to certify any of the matters by this act di-rested to be certified by such of and officers, he shall forfeit and lose the sum of 100I.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify under his hand, that any such affidavit or affirmation, as is required to be made by this act, was duly signed, and sworn or affirmed before him, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify that any copy of any affidavit or affirmation is a true copy, or shall knowingly and wilfully falsely certify or express in any certificate that the affidavit or affirmation of which any copy is certified to be a true copy, was duly sworn or affirmed before the person so certifying, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of iool.

A copy of every newspaper shall be delivered within a limited time to the Commissioners of Stamps, or their officer, on penalty of tool, which may, within two years after publication, be produced as evidence in court.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any newspaper or otheF such paper, not being duly stamped, he shall forfeit over and above all other penalties, the sum of 20I. for every such newspaper or other paper; and proof made that the party proceeded against is a printer or publisher of such newspaper or other paper not duly stamped, shall be deemed and taken to be proof that such party is a person wilfully and knowingly printing or pub-J idling, or causing the same to be printed or published, unless he shall satisfactorily prove the contrary thereof.

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully take or receive into, and keep in his costody, any newspaper or other such paper,

not

ec by GO glC

I

651

not duly stamped, such person shall forfeit for every such paper 38 G. 3. c. 78. the sum of 20I.

If any person shall knowingly or wilfully fend or carry, or Not to be feut cause or procure to be sent or carried, any newspaper or other or carried, such paper, not duly damped, such person shall forfeitfor every such offence the sum of 100I.

If any person, daring the present war, shall knowingly and No paper to be wilfully fend or carry, or cause or procure to be sent or carried, sent ro another any newspaper or other such paper, whether damped or not country* damped, out of Great-Britain into France, Spain, or any other country not being in amity with his Majesty, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit and lole the sum of 500!. and shall also be liable to all other pains and penalties to which such person would have been liable in case this act had not been made.

Upon oath before any one justice of the peace, that any per- Justice's duty son hath in his possession any newspaper or other such paper in- herein, tended to be sent or carried out of this kingdom, during the continuance of the war, into any country not in amity with his Majesty, it shall be lawful for such justice to summon the person in whose custody the same is, and examine such person for the better discovery of any others intending lo to fend or carry the same; and in case any person so summoned shall not submit to be examined, and answer all such lawful questions as shall be alkcd of him, he shall forfeit the sum of 50I. to be levied by such justice in the manner hereinafter directed touching fines, forfeitures, and penalties, not exceeding the sum of 20I. and shall be liable to be committed, in like manner, in case the same cannot be so levied, for the space of three months; and it shall be lawful for such justice to seize and take as forfeited to his Majesty all such papers.

If any proprietor of any newspaper shall be resident out of Proprietor Great-Britain, the name and place of abode of such proprietor abroad, shall be specified in such affidavit or affirmation.

If any person shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or Seditious paper, published, in any newspaper or other such paper, any matter or thing having a tendency to excite hatred and contempt of the person of his Majesty, and of the conilitution and government established inthefe kingdoms, as having been previously printed or published in some foreign paper or print, which hath not been previously so printed or published, such person shall, being lawfully convicted thereof, be committed to prison for anytime not exceeding twelve nor less than fix mouths, and shall be liable to such other punishment as may by law be inflicted in cases of high misdemeanors ; and the proof of its having been so previously printed shall lie on the defendant.

After sorry days from the passing this act, none but Com mi f-

C 2 lioners

nal from

UBLIC LIBRARY

Newspapers.

652 Newspapers. Unlawful Oaths.

3t G. 3. c. 78. sioners of Stamps, or their officer, shall supply paper stamped Paper from the for printing newspapers, until the person so Supplying has given Stamp-office, security to deliver, once in six weeks, an account of the quantities and kind fold, &c. on penalty of io®1.

Persons concerned in printing or publishing newspapers not legally llamped, shall be deemed debtors to his Majesty in the sum that would have accrued if duly stamped.

Discovery, how If any person or persons shall file any bill for the discovery of proprietors, printers, editors, or publishers, of newspapers, the defendants are compellable to make it; but such discovery shall not be made use of as evidence, or otherwise, in any proceeding against the defendants, save only in that proceeding in which the discovery is made.

Penalties, how All fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this act imposed, recovered. which shall exceed the fuin of 20I. shall (except where this act hath otherwise directed) be recovered by action of debt or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; and all fines which shall not exceed the sum of 20I. shall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any justice of the peace of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the person whose goods and chattels have been distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding three months; and the money arising by all such ftnes,rpenalties, and forfeitures, shall be, one moiety 10 and for the use of our sovereign Lord the King, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to and for the use of such person who shall inform or sue for the same, except in such cases in which the application thereof is otherwise directed by this act.

No removal by No order or conviction made in pursuance of this act by any certiorari. justice of the peace shall be removed by certiorari out of the county, riding, stewartry, or place, wherein such order or conviction shall be made, into any court whatever.

This act is to extend to Scotland in relation to unstamped papers.

37 c. 3. c. 123. An Act for more effectually preventing Unlawful Oaths.

Persons admi- A NY person or persons who shall administer, or cause to be niilering unlaw- administered, or be aiding or assisting in administering or

ful oaths, or ta. taking of any oath or engagement, purporting or intended to

bind

Unlawful Oaths. 653

bind the person taking the same to engage in any mutinous or 38 3* c‘l23-

seditious purpose; or to disturb the public peace ; or to be them vo

any association, society, or confederacy, formed for any such jJnfar, 1 UTlty

purpose, or to obey the orders or commands of any committee Qf felony. 0 or body of men not lawfully constituted ; or of any leader or commander, or other person not having authority by law for that purpose; or not to inform or give evidence against any affociate, confederate, or other person ; or not to reveal or discover any unlawful combination or confederacy ; or not to reveal or discover any illegal ad done or to be done; or not to , reveal or discover any illegal oath or engagement which may have been administered or tendered to, or taken by such person or persons, or to or by any other person or persons, or the import of any such oath or engagement; shall, on conviction thereof by due course of law, be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years; and every person who shall take any such oath or engagement, not being compelled thereto, .shall, on conviction thereof by due course of law, be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be transported for any term of years not exceeding seven years.

Compulsion shall not justify or excuse any person taking such Persons com-oath or engagement, unless he or she shall, within four days pclled to take after the taking thereof* if not prevented by actual force or oaths, not sickness, and then within four days after such hindrance, declare eJcuf!d,1 vnl*ff the same, together with the whole of what he or she shall know \^thiafour touching the same, and the person or persons by whom, and in days.' whose presence, and when and where, ,such oath or engagement was administered or taken, by information on oath before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or his Majesty's Privy Council; or, in case the person taking such oath or engagement shall be in actual service in his Majesty's forces by sea or land, then by such information on oath as aforesaid, or by information to his Commanding Officer.

Persons aiding and assisting at, or present at and consenting Persons aiding, to, the administering or taking of any such oath or engagement &c* at taking as aforesaid, and persons causing any such oath or engagement fuclJ oaths* or to be administered or taken, though not present at the adminif- be^d^iniftered0 tering or taking thereof, shall be deemed principal offenders, to be deemC(J and shall be tried as such, although the person or persons who principals, adjtually administered such oath or engagement, if any such there shall be, shall not have been tried or convicted.

It shall not be necessary, in any indictment against any person in indictment or persons administering, or causing to be administered or taken, it shall be suffi-or taking any such oath or engagement as aforesaid, or aiding c>ent tofetforth or assisting at, or present at and consenting to, the administering the Pu,Port of

OltQis

J

654 Unlawful Oaths. Salt.

37 G. 3.«. la3. or taking thereof, to set forth the words of such oath or engagement ; it shall be sufficient to set forth the purport of such oath or engagement, or some material part thereof.

Any obligation Any engagement or obligation whatsoever, in the nature of in the nature of an oath, shall be deemed an oath within the intent and meaning an oath, shall be of this jn whatever form or manner the same shall be admi-deemed one,&c. nifterC(J or taken.

Where offences Any offence committed against this act on the high seas, or may be prole- out of this realm, or within that part of Great-Britain called cut^d. England, shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined

before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Goal Delivery, for any county in that part of Great-Britain called England, in such manner and form as if such offence had been therein com- mined; and if committed in that part of Great-Britain called Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, either before the Judiciary Court at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the United Kingdom.

Persona tried Any person who shall be tried, and acquitted or convicted of under this act, any offence against this act, shall not be liable to be indicted, not to be tried prosecuted, or tried again, for the same offence or fast, as high faSme offence* treason* or nufprifion of high treason; but nothing in this act — notCCfo conta^Ded shall be construed to extend to prevent any person guilty tried, maybe of any offence against this act, and who shall not be tried for tried as for high the same as an offence against this act, from being tried for the treason, &c. same, as high treason, or misprision of high treason, in such manr ner as if this act had not been made.

3SG.3 c.43. Additional Duties on Salt.

Foreign salt.

British salt.

Scotch salt imported.

BY this act the following additional Duties on Salt are to be paid:

For every bushel of foreign salt imported into Great-Britain, after April 30, 1798, ten shillings, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity.

For every bushel of such imported salt found in any lighter or vessel, or warehoused, after April 30, 1798, not charged with the additional duty, ten shillings, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity.

For every bushel of (alt and rock salt made or taken out of any pit in Great-Britain, after April 30, 1798, five shillings; and for every bushel of such salt sent out of any warehouse after that day, and not charged with the additional duty, five shillings.

For every bushel imported from Scotland into England, that has paid the duty now payable on such importation, five shillings.

A drawback

N.

NEV

-dt

I

Salt. Innkeepers. 655

A drawback of the additional duty shall be allowed upon the 38 G* 3* c- 45« exportation of all salt made in Great-Britain.

These several duties and drawbacks are to be paid and al- Drawbacks, lowed as the present duties on salt, and to be under the management of the Commissioners of Excise on Salt.

Importers or dealers, and makers or dealers, delivering salt Allowance t<* after the 30th of April, 1798, in pursuance of such contracts, importers, shall be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed and paid for or in respect of such salt respectively, to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by r

virtue of this act to be paid for the same.

Subsistence to Innkeepers on quartering 3*G* 3- 3*

Soldiers.

. 1 I

BY this act non-commissioned officers and soldiers are to allow Allowance for lod. per diem for diet and small beer in quarters in Eng- dict»

land.

Innholders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom certain articles shall have been supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof,

2d. per diem for each non-commissioned officer and soldier, in-dead of furnishing the same grat 'u, as required by the Mutiny Ad.

Thefum to be paid to the innholder or other person, on whom Allowance for any of the horses belonging to his Majesty's forces shall be quar- Uorfcs. tered, for hay and straw, shall be iojd/per diem for each horse, instead of 6d. per diem as directed in the former act.

So much of the Mutiny Ad as relates to the manner of fur-Part of Mutiny nishing non-commissioned officers and soldiers on a march, or A<a repealed, employed in recruiting, and likewise the recruits by them raised, with diet or other provision, is hereby repealed.

All non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall be entitled to In what cases receive their diet and small beer from the innholders or other di^ to bc re"

„ persons on whom they may billetted, at the rates herein before cclvcd* prescribed, while on a march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their final destination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either of the two subsequent days shall be a market-day in and for the town or place where such officer* or soldiers shall be billetted, or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market-day the supply of diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the articles in the said act specified, and at the rate herein-before prescribed.

P/A olf>

38 G. 3. c.

Regiment, < halted*

Tor one day<

1

3$ G. 3. c.

656 Soldiers and Innkeepers.

If any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non-commissioned officers or soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on whom they shall be billeted at such intermediate place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the place of their final destination, according to this act.

Whenever any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on their march, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the inarching orders, that it is not intended that such regiment or detachment shall halt for any longer time than one entire day after the day of their arrival at the place of halting, and the day after such arrival shall be market-day, it shall not be lawful for the person on whom the non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such market-day the supply of diet and small beer to any such officers or soldiers ; bat all such officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from such person, upon such market-day, at the rates herein-before prescribed, as if such day had not been a market-day.

All non-com mi ffioned officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits by them raised, shall, while on the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any re- „ cruiting station, be entitled to the same benefits as are hereinbefore provided with regard to troops upon the march ; but no recruit enlisted after the two days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting station, shall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prescribed, except at the option of the person on whom he shall be quartered. In case any recruiting party, with the recruits by them raised, shall remove from their station, and after a time shall return to the same place, they, and the recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight days.

Servants, Carriages, &c.

FROM April 1798, the duties in the annexed schedules

are to be levied,

SCHEDULE

Servants, Carriages, &c. 657

SCHEDULE A.

38 G. 3. c. 41.

A Sc he dtj li of the Rates and Duties payable for every Male Servant retained or employed by any person or persons in the several capacities referred to in the ad.

Member of Servants.

Duties payable for

For one servant — — —

For two servants — — — —

For three ami not more than four servants — —

For five and not more than seven servants — —

For eight servants — — —

For nine servants — — . — —

For ten servants — — —

For eleven servants and upwards — —

For every servant retained and employed by any male person never having been married — —

The said rates and duties to be paid by the matter or mistress of such servants, and not to extend to any male servant retained or employed solely for the purposes of husbandry, or marnifadures, or of any trade or calling by which the matter or mistress of such servant earns a livelihood ; and to be subject to all other the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force.

each Servant. -/* .

£- Mm d. H.

I IO 0 y # 1

2 2 0

14 0

3 6 0 1 ^

3 12 0

3 18 0 V

4 4 0

4 16 0

X 10 0 1 '

SCHEDULE

Digitizei

658 Servants, Carriages, &c.

3S G. 3. c. 41.

SCHEDULE B.

A Schedule of the Rates and Duties payable for every Carriage of the several descriptions herein-after mentioned, kept by any person or persons.

[Number of Carriages. Duties payable for each Carriage.

For one carriage with four wheels — — _ 9 JZ 0

For two carriages with four wheels — — — IO 4 0

For three carriages with four wheels — — II 4 0

For four carriages with four wheels — — I I 8 0

For five carriages with four wheel* — — 11 11 9

For fix carriages with four \vhccl3 — — .11 JZ 0

For seven carriages with four wheels — — 11 *3 6

For eight carriages with four wheels and-upwards — I X 14 0

The said rates and duties to be charged for every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise-marine, chaise with four wheels, caravan with four wheels, or any number thereof, by whatsoever name or names the same may be called or known, kept by any person or persons for his or their own use, or to let out to hire, except as herein-after mentioned ; and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act t)r acts now in force.

For every carriage with four wheels let to hire for the purpose of travelling post for a day, or any less period of time, or by the mile, or from stage to stage, by any post-malter, innkeeper, or other person duly Ircensed to let post-horses, by the Commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, and whereon the name or names and place of abode of the pertbn or persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the directions of the act in tint case made and^ provided j and for every coach or diligence with four wheels, which shall be kept and employed as a public stage coach, for the purpose of convejing paf-iengers for hire, to and from different places within this kingdom, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said last-mentioned Commissioners — S3

For every carriage with less than four wheels — 4 4

The said tats-mentioned rate and duty to be charged on every calalh, chaise, or chair, with less than four wheels, or by whatsoever other name or names such carriage may be called or known, kept by any person or persons for his, her, or their own use, or to let out to hire, to be paid by the person or persons keeping or using such carriages; and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force.

SCHEDULE

o

o

I by

Gcx -glc

C

Servants, Carriages, See. 659

SCHEDULE C. 3*0.3. <.4 ,

A Schedule of the Rates and Duties payable for all Horses,

Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any person or per-£ons for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by this act.

Duties payable for

Number of Horset, Mares, or Geldings. each Horse, or Gelding. Mare,

S, d.

For one horse, mire, or gelding — — I 4 O f

For two horses, mares, or geldings — - — — I 6 O

For three horses, mares, or geldings — — 2 2 O

For four horses, mares, or geldings — — 2 5 O

For five horses, mares, or geldings — — 2 6 O

For fix horses, mares, or geldings — — — 2 10 O

For seven, and not more than eight horses, mares, or "V \

geldings — — — — 2 11 O

For nine horses, mares, or geldings — — 2 11 6

For ten, and not more than twelve, horses, mares. or

geldings — — — — 2 12 0

For thirteen, and not more than sixteen, horses, mares, ' ,

or geldings — — — » 2 12 6

For seventeen horses, mares, or geldings — — 2 *3 0

For eighteen horses, mares, or geldings — — 2 13 6

For nineteen horses, mares, or geldings — - — 2 14 0

For twenty horses, marcs, or geldings, or upwards — 2 *5 0

The said rates and duties to be paid by the person or persons keeping and uling the said horses, mares, or geldings, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force.

D:

SCHEDULE

OriginaHfom

66o Servants, Carriages, &c.

38 G. 3. c.41. SCHEDULE D.

A Schedule of the Rates and Duties payable for Horses, Mares, and Geldings, not charged with any duty, according to Schedule C. and also on Mules.

Number of Horses, Mires, or Geldings, or Mules. Duties parable for each Horse, Mate, or Gelding, or Mole.

For each horse, mare, or gelding, kept by any person, and not charged with any duty, according to Schedule C, as aforesaid, and for each mule — — £. s. <L 060

The said rate or duty to be paid by the person or persons keeping such horses, mares, geldings, or mules, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force, and not to be charged for any mule which shall not have been used, nor for any horse, mare, or gelding, of any person duly licensed to keep a public llnge-coach or diligence, used and employed solely by such person in drawing such itage-coach or diligence.

SCHEDULE E.

A Schedule of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dog of the several descriptions herein-after mentioned, kept by or for the use of any person or persons.

Number of Dog?.

For every greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher* or rerrier, and for every dog of whatever descriptionor denomination the same m^y be, where any person shall keep two or more dogs — —

For any dog (not being a greyhound, hound, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or terrier), kept hv or for the use of any person inhabiting a dwelling-house, aJfefl'ed to any of the duties 1 n houses, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, where one such dog and no more shall bs kept by or for the use of such person — - —

Duties payable for eack isog.

£. J. d.

060

040

The said rates and duties to be paid by the persons respectively keeping such dogs, or for whose use the same shall be kept, and to be subject to all the exemptions contained in any act or acts in force ; and also to the regulations contained in an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, authorising a composition to be made in re-lpeft to hounds kept by any person, on payment yearly of the fu.n of 24I. instead of the lum therein mentioned.

The

Go

Servants, Carriages, &c. 661

' ,

The payment of duties in England shall be every quarter ; 3S G. 3. c. 41. and in Scotland, September 29 and March 25.

Commissioners of the Land-Tax, and the Surveyors, Af- Who to execute fessors, and Collectors, appointed under the acts relative to thisAtt. the rates herein repealed, or hereafter to be appointed, are to put this act in execution.

Within the bills of mortality; St. Mary-le-bone, and Pan- Resident Com-cras, the appointment of collectors shall belong to the Refi- missioners. dent Commissioners.

The duties shall be assessed and collected as other duties under the management of the Commissioners of Taxes.

Horses provided for Volunteer Corps shall not be liable to Exemption of the duties of this act. horses.

In the certificates of commanding officers of such corps, the persons serving, and the persons providing horses for others, shall be inserted.

Persons keeping male servants, &c. in the year ending the qth of April, 1798, shall, before Jnne 30, 1798, make out /

lifts in the forms prescribed in the schedule.

The assessment shall be for the greatest number of servants, kept within the year.

The penalty for not delivering lifts, &c. or wilfully omit- Penalty for Life ting any description which ought to be contained therein ac- Ms-cording to this act, shall be 50I.

No person shall be compelled to travel, for the delivery of any list, to a greater distance than ten miles, or to the marker town nearest thereto.

Persons beginning, after April 3, 1798, to keep male servants, &c. shall within twenty days give a notice containing the particulars, under a penalty of 50I. for default.

Persons having divers places of residence, shall deliver lifts Where-diver* at each where they intend to pay duty for any servants, &c. places of refi-containing the whole number kept, under the like penalty dence-of 50I. for default.

All persons are to deliver, between April 3 and May 30, Liltsoffervants. yearly, lifts of the greatest number of servants, &c. kept at one time in the year in which former lifts were delivered, under the same penalty of 50I.

Persons delivering lifts shall receive receipts for them in the form in the annexed schedule; and if any person, receiving any such lift under the authority of this act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver an indented receipt as hereby is directed, every such person shall forfeit the sum of 20I.

One moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby Recovery of pt-imposed, shall, if sued for within the fp »ce of six calendar months, be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or fuc for the same.

THE

[ 662 ]

3^ G. 3* c. So.

Servants', Carriages, &c.

THE duties granted by 38 Geo. III. c. 41, to extend to waiters in taverns, &c. except occasional ones. Additional duty Bachelors are to pay an additional annual duty of ll. 10s. fi r bachelor., for each male servant.

The duties to be charged by virtue of this act, shall be charged as the substituted duties charged by virtue of the said act.

37G. 3. c. x6.

Stage-Coaches.

Additional duty TTROM and after the 5th day of January, 1797, the owner or to be paid by the X1 owners of every carriage with four or more wheels, and of <>wher ot every every cala(h> chaise, chair, or any other carriage with less than i age .ire. four wheels, by what name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as public stage coaches or carriages for the purpose of conveying pafl'engers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby, charged with an additional duty of one penny for every mile such carriage or carriages as aforesaid shall travel.

Duty to be le*. The duty by this act imposed shall from time to time be vied, fee. as raised, collected, levied, and paid, by such persons, at such time, itajnp dudes. jn such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such management, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with and subject to such powers, rules, and directions, and by such methods, and in such manner and form, as are directed and prescribed in and by an act passed in the 25th year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aci for repealing the duties on licences taken out by persons letting ho*fas for the purpose of travelling post t and on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, and on Jlage coaches \ and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also additional duties on horses let to hire for travelling pest, and by time, or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties under the management of the of for managing the duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper: and that all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the said acts respectively, shall be in full force and efteft with relation to the duty hereby imposed, and the same shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the duty hereby imposed, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally andrespec-

tively

C,(X»Qie

Stage-Coaches. Taxed Carts. 663

tively been re-enacted with relation to the said duty hereby 37 G.3. c. l6. imposed.

All the monies arising from the said duty hereby imposed Monies where (the necessary charges for raising and accounting for the same Paul* excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

Taxed Carts.

3S G.3. c. 93.

BY this act an annual duty of 11.4s. is to be paid for Additional duty.

every taxed cart conflruded wholly of wood and iron, without any covering other than a tilted covering, and without any lining or springs, or any ornament whatever, other than paint of a dark colour, for the preservation of the wood or iron only, and which shall have the words11 a taxed cart," and also the owner's name and place of abode thereon, and the price of which (repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded the sum of 12I. ; which duty shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied in the same manner, as the duties on carriages imposed by the former act are directed to be raised and applied.

No person shall set up or keep any carriage as a taxed cart, Who are to pay on payment of the duty hereby granted, who shall be liable for taxec* Clrt* ro be assessed to the duties granted by the former act on car- a.s <or oth^rcarriages in respect of any four-wheeled carriage kept or used by twi>

him or her, or to the duties thereby granted on male servants, in respect of two male servants retained or employed by him or her; but every such person who shall keep any such carriage shall be liable to, and shall be charged for the same at the rate prescribed in the ad, in respect of carriages with less than four wheels, therein mentioned.

Persons occupying farms or carrying on trade, and making Farmers',trades-a livelihood solely thereby, and ecciefiatlics not possessing ^en> and infe-iool. per annum, fhalbpay for horses used in such carriages rior cJer^y* as for horses not kept for riding, if such horse shall not be at any time used by such person for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by the said act.

Every person to be rated and assessed for such carriage as Cirrlage mailt-aforesaid, shall mark or paint on a black ground in white let- edm ters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outside of the back pannel, or back part of such carriage, or in case such carriage shall be conltruded without a back pannel, on some conspicuous part of such carriage, on the outfule thereof, his or her christian and surnames, and the place of his cr her abode, and the words "a taxed cart," in roman letters, each ' ' of

ted.

664 Taxed Carts. Weights, &c.

5SG. 3. c. 93. of such letters being at lead one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion, and shall, upon demand being made, produce such carriage, so marked or painted, to the a/TeiTors or surveyors of the said duty, or at any meeting of the of for putting this act in execution, to be examined by them. If the price of such carriage shall be more than 12I. or be constructed contrary to this act, it shall be charged as a carriage with less than four wheels, and the surveyor ihal] certify the same, that it may be so charged in theaflefT-ment.

Horses in huf- Any cart which shall be kept truly and without fraud to be bandry exerap- used wholly in the affairs of husbandry or of trade, is not to be subject to the duty on account of riding therein when laden, or of conveying their owners to or from divine service on Sundays, or carrying persons going to or returning from the election of members to serve in parliament.

All carriages with less than four wheels let out to hire, are to be subject to the duty on such carriages by the former act, 3$ Geo. III. cap. 41. Seepage658.

Carts charged with duty hereby granted, are not liable to the additional duties granted by 38 Geo. III. cap. 16.

If any cart, built according to thedireftions of 35 Geo. III. cap. 109, shall have been assessed to the additional duties granted by 38 Geo. III. cap. i6; the commissioners, on appeal, shall cause the assessments to be vacated, but not annul any payment already made on any such assessment, nor impede the collection of any arrears fallen due before the vacating such assessment.

Appeals are not to be heard till after ten days notice to the surveyor ; and if either party shall be dissatisfied with the determination of such of, they respectively may demand a case, in like manner as under any act or acts cf parliament with relation to assessed taxes.

Appeals when heard.

37 C.3. c.

Weights and Balances.

FROM and after July 10, 1797, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace, at their respective petty Justices at their ^e^on?> w^hin the divisions, districts, and other places of thtf petty feflirns several counties in England and Wales, to appoint one or more person or persons, who shall have power to examine the weights and balances within such divisions, districts, and other places respectively.

it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required

(having

may appoint examiners.

Examiners,

vben directed 1} the just res.

NEW'

\K PU

Weights and Balances. 665

(having first been (worn duly and faithfully to execute the office 37 9' 3* C*I43* in him or them reposed by virtue of such appointment, and oft0 visit fliops, this ail, which oath such justices are hereby authorised and cm- ™ c-h*s powered to administer), as often as the said justices shall direil, &c 9

in the day time, to enter into the (hop, mill, house,out-houses, and other premises near to such {hop, mill, or house, and into the flail or Handing place of any person or persons who fell by retail and weight any wares, provisions, goods, or chattels whatsoever, and then and there to search for, view, and examine all weights and balances in such {hop, mill, house, outhouses, premises, stall, or Handing place, and to seize any weight or weights, not being according to the standard in the Exchequer, or any false or unequal balance or balances, which shall, upon such search, be found therein, and to detain the same, to be produced before the justices in petty sessions as aforesaid, upon the hearing of the information or informations herein-after mentioned; and the person or persons, in whose {hop, mill, house, out.houses, penalty for premises, stall, or Handing-place, any such defeilive weight or having false weights, or any such false or unequal balance or balances, shall weights, Ac. be found (against whom for such offence or offences an information or informations is and are hereby directed to be preferred) shall, upon conviction thereof in petty sessions, as aforesaid, upon view or confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum of money, not exceeding 20s. nor less than 5 s. , as the said justices, before whom such person or persons shall have been convicted, shall in their discretion order and adjudge, together with the costs and charges attending such conviction 5 such forfeiture together with such costs and charges, to be levied by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices, by distress and sale of so much of the goods and chattels of the person or persons offending, as shall be sufficient to pay the said penalty, and also the expences of makingfuch distress and sale.

On the conviction of such offender or offenders, the said juf- Justicesto cause tices shall cause such defective weight or weights, or such false false weights, or unequal balance or balances, so produced before them, to be &c. to be bro-forthwith broken and rendered useless, and the materials thereof ken. to be sold, and the money arising from such sale, together with the amount of the forfeiture or forfeitures, to be paid by them to the treasurer of the county, to be by him applied towards the expences of carrying the said recited ail and this ail into execution, and the residue (if any) on account of the public Hock of such county, riding, or division ; and the said justices shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, a return of the forfeitures levied by them in pursuance of the said before recited ail, and of this ail, and also of the sums arising from the sale of such defeilive weights, and false and unequal balances, and shall

E transmit

-YORK.

666 Weights and Balances.

37 G. 3. c. 143. transmit such returns, signed by them, to the clerk ofthepeacO for such county, riding, or division, respectively, at every general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for such county, riding, or division.

The majority of If the majority of the inhabitants of any parish, township, inhabitants may, or place, within such county, riding, or division, should be m vestry, nomi- desirous that any person or persons shall be specially appointed nate examiners to examine the weights or balances within such parish, town-

vf the justices°n or P^ace» it shall and may be lawful for such inhabi-

tants, and they are hereby empowered (at a vellry to be duly holden for that purpose) to nominate one or more substantial householder or home holders, to be approved of and appointed by the said justices, at their respective petty sessions for the division or district wherein such parish, township, or place, shall lie ; which person or persons so nominated, approved, and appointed, shall have the same powers and authorities, within such parish, township, or place, as are vested in the person or persons appointed for any district, division, or place respectively.

Standard weights No appointment for such parish, township, or place, shall to be first pro- be made, until the inhabitants thereof have procured, or cured, the costs caused to be procured, the proper weights, according to the of which, and standard in the Exchequer, for the use of such parish, town-to th^exa^ners or P^ace> to be deposited in the custody of the person or to be paid out of Persons to be appointed as lall-mentioned ; and it shall and the poors rates, may be lawful for the said justices, in their respective petty sessions, to order and direct the colls and charges of procuring such weights, and the recompense and satisfaction to be allowed to such person or persons, for his or their time and trouble in the execution of such office, within such parish, township, or place, to be paid out of the rate made for the relief of the poor, within such parish, township, or place. Powers of for- All the clauses, powers, and provisions contained in the merad (except former act (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) shall hereby altered) continue in force, in the same manner as if the same were re-to remain in peated and re-enacted in the body of this present act, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

No proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against the said recited act, or this act, shall be removed by writ of certiorari.

The justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to-be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis (that is to % ).

force.

Proceedings not to be removed.

Bt

/ '

Weights and Balances. 667

Be it remembered\ that on the day of 37G.3. c.

in the year of our Lord at a petty fession holden for porm Qf

the (division or district) of ifi the said (county, viction.

riding, or division,) before A. B. and C. D justices of the peace, acting in and for the said E. F .of

in the said was duly convicted before us the said

just ids, for that he the said E. F. on the day of

now last past> at in the said contrary to the form of the statute in that

case made and provided, (here Hate the offence against the act); and we the saidjuft ices do declare and adjudge, that the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be applied as the law directs : and also the further sum of of like lawful

money, for the reasonable costs and charges attending this conviction.

Given under our hands and seals on the day and in the year first mentioned.

H3-

con-

This act shall be deemed and taken to be a public ad; and Public act* be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices ' and other persons, without the same being specially pleaded or set forth.

if>v

l *. ; bi' -

r

ABSTRACT

OF THE

ACTS OF 39 GEORGE III.

Combination of Workmen.

39G. 3. c.Si. A LL contracts heretofore entered into by workmen for obtaining an advance of wages, altering the usual hours of working, decreasing the quantity of work, are by this act declared to be illegal, null, and' void.

Punishment by Every workman, after passing this Act, who shall be law-this act. fully convicted of any such offence before one or more justice

or justices of the peace, shall be committed to the common gaol for. three calendar months, or to the house of correction* there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

Punishment for Any workman entering into any combination for advancing fedueing others. Wages, &c. or who shall endeavour to prevent any workman from hiring himself, or prevail on him to quit his employment, shall, on conviction as above, suffer the like punishment. Attending and All persons who shall attend any meeting for the purpose assisting at such of making"any such illegal contract, or who shall summon or endeavour to induce any journeyman to attend any such meeting, or who shall collect any money towards the support or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, and shall be lawfully convicted, on his own confession, or the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace where such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months, shall be committed to the common gaol for not more than three calendar months, or to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for not more than two calendar months.

Penalty for con- No person shall contribute towards any expences incurred tributing or col- for acting contrary to this act, or towards the support of any letting. person to induce him not to work, on penalty of 10I. and every person collecting money far such purposes shall forfeit

s1*


Combination of Workmen. 669

5I. to be levied by distress; and if not paid, the offender may 39 G. $. c. 81. be committed to gaol as aforesaid.

All contributions for any of the purposes prohibited by Monies for-this act, not divided for three months after passing thereof, felted, shall be forfeited, as also all future contributions for such purposes, one moiety thereof to be paid to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person as will sue for the same ; and any treasurer, collector, or receiver, in whose hands or in whose name such money shall be placed, may be sued for the same as forfeited.

All persons liable to be sued for money paid for such pur-Answer on oath, poses, are compellable to answer orf oath to any information preferred against them.

And upon payment into court of the money remaining in the Money repaid, hands of any person at the time of filing the information, and making a discovery of the securities upon which other monies shall have been placed, the party shall be discharged from all penalties.

Offenders may be compelled to give evidence, and shall be Offenders may indemnified from prosecution for any matter relative to it. give evidence.

On complaint and information on oath, any justice or juf- be‘mgsummoned tices may summon offenders; and on their not appearing, he or apprehended, or they may issue his or their warrant for their apprehension, and on their appearing, may determine the matter.

The justice or justices of the peace, before whom any such Witnesses sum-complaint and information shall be made, may issue his or moned. their summons to any witness or witnesses, to appear and give evidence at the time and place appointed for hearing and determining such complaint; and if any person so summoned to appear as a witness shall not appear before such justice or justices at the time and place specified in such summons, or offer some reasonable excuse for the default, or appearing according to such summons, shall not submit to be examined as a witness or witnesses, and give his or their evidence before such justice or justices, touching the matter of such complaint, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons so making default in appearing. Committed for or appearing and refusing to give evidence, to some prison diibbedience. within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such person shall submit to be examined, and give evidence before such justice or justices.

All convictions and commitments are to be drawn up in the Conviction (fee form or to the effect set forth in the schedule to this act. Schedule,)

Such conviction shall be fairly written on parchment, and transmitted t$ transmitted to the next general sessions or general quarter fef- fefhon.

F 2 fions

670 Combination of Workmen.

39 G- 3- c- 81. fions of the peace, to be filed and kept amongst the records. In case any person shall appeal from the judgment of the said justice or justices to the sessions, the justices in such sessions are hereby required, upon receiving such conviction, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal; and no certiorari shall be granted.

Appeal. An appeal may be made from the judgment of a justice tQ

the general or general quarter sessions, which shall be suspended on the party's entering into recognizance to prosecute the appeal; and the decinon of the sessions shall be final. If the judgment be affirmed, the appellant shall pay the penalty and the costs awarded, or be immediately committed, ' either to the common gaol or house of correction, according to such conviction, and for the space of time therein mentioned, without bail or mainprize, and also until the payment of such costs as shall be awarded by the said court to be paid by such appellant, power This act is not to abridge the powers now given to justices

Justices'

by other continued.

acts

touching combinations of manufacturers, or for settling and adjusting disputes or differences between masters and their journeymen, workmen, or other persons employed in any manufacturee, trade, or business, or the rate or amount of wages to be paid to such journeymen, workmen, or other person, or the mode Qr time of their Working or being employed, or the quantity of w ork to be done, or touching any matter whatsoever also provided for by this act; but all justices of the peace shall continue to use, exercise, and execute, all the powers and authorities given to them in and by such acts of parliament, or any of them, in such and the same manner as they could or might have done if this act had not been made.

Licence granted This act shall not extend to empower manufactureers to em-by justices in ploy workmen contrary to the provisions now in force for regulating the conduct of any particular manufacturee, without licence from a justice, which licence it shall be lawful for one such justice to grant, whenever the qualified journeymen or workmen usually employed in any manufacturee, trade, or business, shall refuse to work therein for reasonable wages, or to wrork for or with any particular person or persons, or shall, by refusing to work for any cause whatsoever, or by misconducting themselves when employed to work, in any manner impede or obstruct the ordinary course of any manufacturee, trade, or business, or endeavour to injure the person or persons carrying on the same, of Every action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any persons or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this - . act.

certain cases.

Limitation

ations.

Combination of Workmen. 671

aft, within three calendar months next after the matter or 39g. 3. c. 81. thine done, and shall be laid in the proper county ; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, or discontinue the action or judgment *

shall be given against him, such defendant shall have treble costs against such plaintiff.

FORM of CONVICTION and COMMITMENT.

Be it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of his Majesty's reign, and in the year of our

Lord A- B. is convifledbefore me (or us, naming the

justices), one (or two), of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, (OT riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place), of

of having (dating the offence), contrary to the statute made in the thirty-ninthyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act (here set forth the title of the act) ; and I (or we), the said justice or justices, do hereby order and adjudge the said A. B .for the said offence, to be committed to and confined in the common gaol for the said county, (or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place), for the /pace of

(or to be committed to the house of correction at within 1

the said county, (or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place), ^

there to be kept to hard labour for the /pace of

Given under my (or our) hand (or hands), the day and,

year above written.

. 7 - 1

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

1

Be it remembered that on (pursuing the same form as far as the title of the act), and I (or we) the said justice (or justices), do hereby adjudge and determine the J'aid A. B, for the said offence, to forfeit and lose the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him (or her), into my (or our) hands, for the use of his Majesty.

Given under (as before).

FORM of a COMMITMENT of a PERSON summoned as a

WITNESS.

r

Whereas C. D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give evidence before me (or us), (naming the judice or justices who issued the summons) one (or two) of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county (or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or

G place).

672 Combination of Workmen.

1

39 G. 3."c, 21. place), of

on this day of at

being the time and place appointed for hearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of (the informer or prosecutor), before me (or us), against A. B. of having (dating the offence as laid in the information), contrary to the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act (here insert the title of the Act) : And whereas the said C. D. hath not appeared before me [or us), at the time and place aforesaid, specified for that purpose, or offered any reasonable excuse for his (or her) default: (Or, and whereas the said C. D. having appeared before me) (or us), at the time and place aforesaid specified, for that purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a witness, and give his (or her) evidence, before me (or us), touching the matter of the said complaint, but hath refused so to do : therefore I (or we) the said justice (or justices), do hereby, in pursuance of the said statute, commit the said C. D. to the (describing the prison), there to remain without bail or mainprise for his (or her) contempt aforesaid, until he (or Jhe) shall fuhmit himself (or h erf elf) to be examined and give his (or her) evidence before me (or ms) touching the matter of the said co?nplaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law : and you the (constable, or other peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is directed), are hereby authorized and required to take into your custody the body of the said C. D. and him (or her) safely to convey to the said prison, and him (or her) there to deliver to the gaoler or keeper thereof, who is hereby authorised and required to receive into his custody the body of the said C. D. and him (or her) safely to detain and keep pursuant to commitment.

Given under my (or our) hand (or hands) this day of in the year of our Lord

1This commitment to be dire tied to the proper peace officer and the gaoler or keeper of the prison*

Combination Act amended.

4t G. 3. e. 38. xj'ROM a^d after the passing of this act, so much of the S) schedule of the act, 3^ and 40 G. III. c. ic6. as relates to the forms of conviction is repealed, and indead thereof the forms hereto annexed shall be used,

SCHEDULE

Combination Act amended. 673

. \ 1

SCHEDULE to which this AC? refers. 41 G> 3- '

l?ORM of CJNVICTION and COMMITMENT.

V ' i - ' . - ' i ' O

Be it reme mb e ed, tba: on the day of

in the ye r of ois Majesty's reign, and in the year of our

Lord A. B. is confided before us, vnam;ng he

justices), two of his Majesty't justices of the peace for the county,

(or riding, divtfion, city, liberty, town, or fla.e), of of having ^dating the offence), contrary to the ft twe made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth y ars of the reign of his present Majesty intituled, an Act to repeal an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof; and we the said ju/lices do hereby order and adjudge the said A. B. for the said offence to be committed to and confined in the common gaol for the said c unty, (or riding, division, city, liberty, town, at place), fir the space of (or to be committed to the house of correction at within the said county, (or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place), there 10 be kept to bard labourfor the ipace of

Given under onr hands, the day and year above written.

FORM /CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

Be it remembered, that on (pursuing the same form, as far as the title of the said recited act) ; and we the said justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A. B for the said offence, to forfeit and lofi the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, to be dtft ibnted as the act directs* f

Given under ^as before).

Constables' Charges.

» s

FROM and after the passing of thisa&, 27th of June, 1801, 41 G. % . c. 7$, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace for any county, city , division, riding, or place, within that part of the united kingdom cilled England, when any person Or persons shall have been nominated or appointed a special constable or

G 2 spedal

Co gle

Constables' Charges.

674

41 G. 3. c. 78. special constables, for the purpose of executing any warrantor

Constables' al- warrants in any case or cases of felony, to order, by any writing lowancchow re- or writings under their hand?, such proper allowances to be gn ate- made to such special constable or special constables, for his

or their expences, trouble, and loss of time in executing or endeavouring to execute such warrant or warrants, as to him or them shrill seem reasonable and necessary ; which orders shall be afterwards laid before and submitted, on the oath of such special constable or constables, to the consideration of the justices assembled at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, city. Sec. ; and the justices at such sessions may allow or disallow the whole or any part or parts of such allowances so ordered by such justices issuing such warrant or warrants, and shall and may thereupon then order and direst the treasurer for such county, city, division. See, to pay such sum or sums of money to such special constable or special constables, as to the said justices so assembled shall seem reasonable and necessary; and such treasurer shall forthwith pay the sum and sums of money so ordered and directed to be paid to the person or persons empowered to receive the same $ and such treasurer shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

High constable s' Two justices in like manner may order allowances to be

made to high constables, for extraordinary expences incurred in the execution of their duties in cases of riot or felony. See.; and such orders shall be laid before and submitted, on the oath of such high constable or constables, to the consideration of the justices assembled at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county. Sec.; and the justices so assembled may allow or disallow the whole or any part or parts of such allowance, and order as in the case jul\ mentioned.

allowance.

Fines imposed by Justices.

41 G. 3. c. 85. Tj'ROM and after the passing of this act, 27th of July, 1 fcoi* Justices to re- X it shall be lawful for any justice in England out of session ceive fines and to receive and give a receipt for fines and forfeitures imposed them"1 ^ by or any other justice, which are not payable to any body corporate, &c. or any other person or persons, and shall enter an account thereof in a book, to be provided for that purpose,

specifying

t

t

E

i

i

t

i

Fines imposed by Justices. 675

specifying the place, and time, and manner of such adjudica- 41 g. 3. c. S5.

tion or order, the nature of the offence, and the act oraftsunder

which the same was adjudged, and the name or names of the person Or persons on whom such fine, forfeiture, or penalty

was set or imposed ; and shall annually, previous to the

Michaelmas fession, pay into the hands of every sheriff of Fines to be paid

the county or city, and town and county having a separate to die (herift,

sheriff, for which such justice shall have acted in imposing

such fines, all such fines, forfeitures, or penalties, or the

parts or shares of such fines, forfeitures, or penalties as shall be due to his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and the sheriff

or his under-sheriff is hereby required to give an acquittance

for the same, which shall be a full discharge to every such

justice, his heirs, executors, and administrators, for such

fines, forfeitures, or penalties, or parts or shares thereof.

The justice shall also transmit an account of such fines justices to trank and forfeitures to the clerk of the peace or town clerk, that mitan account the sheriff may be charged therewith, to the end that the of fines, same may be set over and answered to the crown, in like manner as in the case of fines and forfeitures set or imposed at ar y fession of the peace.

Where two justices shall impose fines, the account shall be kept, &c. and payment made by the one resident at or near the place of adjudication.

The clerks of the peace or the town clerks, or their Clerk of the deputies, shall, within ten days next after such general quar- peace's duty as ter sessions of the peace in which such justice shall have re- to fines* turned any conviction as aforesaid, deliver to the bailiff or chief constable of the district where any person shall reside who shall by law be entitled ta any share or proportion of any fines, forfeitures, or penalties which shall have been had and received by any such justice as aforesaid, an account in writing of such fines, forfeitures, and penalties; which bailiff or chief constable shall transmit an account thereof to the petty constable of the parish, township, or place where such person shall reside, that notice may be given to the person so entitled, that he may, without delay, apply to such justice for his share of such fine, forfeiture, or penalty.

Nothing in this act shall prevent the officers of the crown justices wa^es* from allowing any fines, forfeitures, and penalties, levied by justices of the peace for justices wages, in the same manner as other fines are now a41owtd by law ; sheriffs or any other persons empowered to allow the same, are to have an allowance, on the balance of such fines charged on them

G 3 after

1

Original, frorf#

tlC LIBRARY

Licences.

r

676

41 G. 3. c. S5. after an allowance for justices wages, in like manner as for

Exception as to £nes at the assizes.

public oihcu. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the payment to the receiver of fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by the justices or their clerks, in any of the seven public offices appointed by 32 Geo. III. c. 53.

Licences.

‘ %

G c S6 A FTER the passing of this act, licence duties shall be Duties3 how af- ascertained as houses. &c. are rated under the authority certained. of he ad 3^ G. Ill C 40.

Licence* taken out since passing the said act of 3S G. III. pliedCy °W 2P~ be deemed good and v^lid, and the money paid for them applicable as the duties imposed by the ad of 30 G. III. c. 38.

County justices any P^ce where the corporate justices are by the two last: may ad. recited acts d.squalified to grant licences for retailing liquors*

the justices fer the county at large may grant them at the re-quest of the chief magistrate.

Poor Rates.

41 G. 3. c. 23. Rate amended without qualh-ing.

Piftrcfs, though notice of appeal be given.

Sessions may (top proceedings.

FROM and after the passing of this act, ? 8th April 1801, on all appeals from any poor rate, the quarter fession may amend it without qua(hing it, or, if necessary to grant relief, may qua/h the rate; but the sum a fie fled shall notwithstanding be levied

Notice of appeal shall not prevent distress being made for the recovery of the rate, provided the sum be not greater than that a fife fifed in the last effective rate, which shall have been collected in such parish, vill, or place.

The court of general or quarter sessions having ordered a rate to be quashed, may order the sum charged on any person not to be paid, and flop proceedings for the recovery thereof. No justice of the peace, constable, or other officer of the peace or other person shall be deemed a trespa/Ter, or liable to any action, for any warrant, order, ad, or thing, which such justice, constable, or other officer or person shall have

Poor Rates.

677

to

L

y

1

i

lave granted, made, executed, or done, for the purpose of 41 G. 3. c. 23.

levying or enforcing the payment of any such sum or Turns of

money, before he shall have had notice in writing of the

order for the non-payment of such sum or Turns of money,

which the Taid court is hereby authorised to make as

aforesaid.

All notices of appeal from or against any rate or assessment What notice of made for the relief of the poor, or from or against the appeal to be account of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of8ivcn* any parish, township, vill, or place, shall be in writing, and shall be Tigned by the person or persons giving the Tame, or his, her, or their attorney, on his, her, or their behalf; and such notices of appeal shall be delivered to or left at the places of abode of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish, township, vill, or place, or any two of them, and the particular causes or grounds of appeal shall be stated and specified in such notice ; and upon the hearing of any appeal from or against any such rate or assessment, or account, the court of general or quarter sessions to which such appeal shall be made, shall not examine or enquire into any other cause or ground of appeal than such as are or is Hated and specified in the notice of appeal.

Appeals may be decided, if the parties interested therein consent, although notice be not given; and with the like consent such court may hear and decide upon grounds of appeal, not dated or mis-stated in such written notice, where any notice shall have been given in writing.

Persons appealing against any rate, shall give notice, not Others, besides only to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, or any the appellants, two or more of them, but also to the other person or persons mzV bc heard' To interested or concerned in the event of such appeal as aforesaid; and such other person or persons shall, if he, she, or they shall so desire, be heard upon the said appeal; and it shall be lawful for the court of general or quarter sessions of the peace, on the hearing of such appeal, to order the name or names of such other person or persons to be inserted in such rate or assessment, and him, her, or them to be therein rated and assessed at any sum or Turns of money, or to order the name or names of such other person or persons to be ilruck out of such rate or assessment, or the sum or Turns to be altered, in such manner as the said court shall think right; and the proper officer of the said court shall forthwith add to or alter the rate or assessment accord-

1

\lgW

6y8

Poor Rates.

41 G. 3. c. 23 Rates how recovered.

Money overcharged to be repaid.

All and every the sum and Turns of money, at or to which such person or persons shall be To ordered to be rated or assessed, or to be raised or increased, or so much thereof as shall not have been already paid, shall and may be recovered in such and the same manner, and by such and the same means, as if he, she, or they had been originally named in such rate or assessment, and rated or assessed therein at such sum or Turns of money.

If upon the appeal the name of any person shall be {truck out, or any sum lowered, the quarter sessions shall order the money which ought not to have been recovered to be repaid, together with all reasonable costs, charges, and expences occasioned by such person or persons having paid or been required to pay the same; and all Turns of money so ordered to be repaid by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or any of them, shall and may, together with all such costs, charges, and expences as aforesaid, be levied and recovered from them, or any of them, by distress, as the money charged on any person, by any rate for the relief of the poor, can Or may be by law levied or recovered.

It shall be lawful for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish, or place, or any of them, out of any money which they or any of them shall collect or receive by virtue of any rate or assessment made for the relief of the Preceding offi- poor of such parish, or place, to repay and reimburse the cers to be reim- preceding churchwardens and overseers, guardian or guar-bursed. dians of the poor of such parish, township, vill, or place,

all such Turns of money as they or any of them have heretofore advanced or expended for the relief or maintenance of the poor within or belonging to such parish, township, or place, during the time that no rate or assessment for the relief of the poor thereof has been made, or during the time that any appeal has been depending which affected the whole of such rate or assessment, or upon the hearing of which, the same might be wholly quaftied or set aside ; and in case the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish, or place, shall not pay such Turns of money so advanced and expended within fourteen days next after demand in writing, such preceding churchwardens and overseers, &c. or any of them, shall apply to the then next court of general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, &c. within which such parish or place is situate, giving due notice in writing of such application to the then churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or any two or more of

them;

NEW

1

if

r

k

i

k

k

Pawnbrokers.'

679

them; and the said court of general or quarter sessions of 41 G. 3. c. 23. the peace shall enquire into the matter of the said application, and examine the parties and their witnesses upon oath, and shall make an order upon the then churchwardens and overseers of the poor, but of the money collected or to be collected by them or any of them, in pursuance of any rate made for the relief of the poor, to pay such sum or sums of money to the preceding churchwardens and overseers, &c. as the said court shall think fit; and all and every the sum and sums of money so ordered by the said court to be paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by distress and all such other ways and means as the money charged, rated, or assessed on any person by any rate or assessment made for the relief of the poor, can or may be by law levied or recovered.

An Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

t

i

i

t

p

[ The Reader is referred to the former Acts respecting Pawnbrokers, except in a few Clauses introduced into this Act, which are here inserted.]

BY this act, when the intermediate sum lent exceeds 2s. 6d. 39 and 4° 3*

but does not exceed 40s. the rate of 4d. and no more forc‘ 99-the loan of 20s. by the month is to be paid.

Pawnbrokers are required to give farthings in change, or in Farthings given, default thereof shall wholly abate the remaining farthing from the total sum to be received.

The profits for part of a month are limited as by the Profits limited, former act?. Seven days after the expiration of the month are allowed ; in fourteen days, half a second month's interest is demandable; and after fourteen days the whole interest may be taken.

Pawnbrokers are to give a note describing things pawned. Note to be given, and also the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode, and number of the house, if said to be numbered, of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are

so

NEW-YQ

Pawnbrokers.

39 and 40 G. 3.

c. 99.

Pledging unfi-niftied goods,&c.

Peace officers empowered to search.

680

so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether such person is a lodger or a house-keeper as aforesaid, by using the letter " L " if a lodger, and the letter " H" if a house-keeper ; and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof.

Where any goods or chattels pawned or pledged shall be redeemed, the pawnbroker of whom the same shall be redeemed shall, at the time of such redemption, fairly endorse, or cause to be endorsed, upon every duplicate respecting such pawn or pledge, the amount of the profit taken by him on the money lent upon such goods or chattels so redeemed, and shall keep such duplicate in his custody for the space of one year then next following.

N. B. In this act the words " nor less than one calendar month " are omitted in the clause for punishing persons unlawfully pawning, or unlawfully endeavouring to redeem goods* (See former act, page 312.]

Persons buying or taking in pledge unfinished goods, linen, or apparel entrusted to others to wash or mend, shall forfeit double the sum lent, and restore the goods, being corrvided of the same on the oath of one credible witness, or on confession of the party or parties, before one or more justice or justices, to be paid to the poor of the parish where the offence is committed.

If there is just cause to suspect that any person or persons within the jurisdiction of any justice or justices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge or in exchange, any unfinished goods or materials, linen or apparel entrusted to wash, without the privity or authority of the owner or owners thereof, any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, may issue his or their warrant for searching, within the hours of business, the house, warehouse, or other place of any such person or persons who shall be charged, on oath or affirmation, as suspected to have received or taken in pawn, or in exchange, any such goods or materials, linen or apparel ; and if the occupier of any house, warehouse, or other place wherein any such goods or materials shall on oath or affirmation be charged or suspected to be, on request made, shall refuse to open the same and permit the same to besearched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any such house, &c. within the hours of business, and to search as he shall think fit, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker or other person or persons shall oppose or hinder any such search: and if any of the goods, materials, linea, or apparel, which shall have been so pawned, shall be found, and the property of the owner shall be made out to the satisfaction

Pawnbrokers. 681

of any such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more ere- 39 an(i 4® G- 3* dible witness Or witnesses, or by solemn affirmation, or by the c- 99* conf ffion of the person charged with any such offence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause the goods, materials linen, or apparel, found on any such search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof.

If the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlawfully Goods unlaw-pawned shall make it appear to the satisfaction of any justice or fully pawned to justices within his, her, or their jurisdiction, that there are be restored by-probable grounds for suspicion, of any persons having received the pawnbroker, in pawn any such goods or chattels, without the privity of, or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any house, warehouse, &c. wherein any such goods or chattels shall, on oath, be charged or suspected to be, shall, on request made, by any peace-officer, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace-officer to break open any such house, warehouse, or other place, within the hours of business, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker or other person or persons shall oppose or hinder any such search: and if any of the goods or chattels so pawned shall be found, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause the goods and chattels found on any such search, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof.

For every copy of a loft note or memorandum, and form of affidavit, in case the money lent shall not exceed the sum of fiv - ftiillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one halfpenny. [For other notes fee former act.]

All goods and chattels on which any sum above ten shillings. Pawned goods and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have been lent, shall at deemed forfeited the end of a year be forfeited and sold by public auction, and at the end of a not otherwise, by order of the person having the same in year* pawn ; but the person employed to fell such goods and chattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be expoied to public view, and catalogues thereof to be published, containing the name and nlace of abode of the pawnbroker, and also the month such goods were received in pawn ; and the number of every such pledge as entered in the book or books kept for that purpose at the time the same were pawned, and an advertisement giving notice of such sale, and containing the name or names, and place of abode of the pawnbrokers with whom the said goods or chattels were in pledge, and also the month such goods were received in pawn, to be inserted on two several days in some public newspaper, two

682

Pawnbrokers.

39 and 40 G. 3. c. 99.

Directing certain goods to be sold separate from other goods.

Overplus paid to the owner.

Pawnbrokers not to purchase privately.

Table of profits.

days at lead before the first day of fate; and the goods and chattels pledged with every pawnbroker, shall be inserted in every catalogue, separate and apart from each other, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, for every offence in the premises, any sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than forty shillings.

All pictures, prints, books, bronzes, statues, bulls, carvings, in ivory and marble, cameos, intaglios, musical, mathematical, and philosophical instruments, and china, which shall be sold by public action as aforesaid, shall be sold by themselves, and without other goods being sold at such fate, four times only in every year (that is to say), on the first Monday in the months of January, April, July, and October, in every year, and on the following day and days, if the sale shall exceed one day, and at no othet time j and the person who shall be employed to fell the same by auction, shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to public view, and catalogues thereof to be published, and an advertisement giving notice of such late, and containing the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods were in pledge, to be inserted two several days in some public newspaper three days at the lealt before the first day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods for every offence in the premises, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

Persons refusing to pay the overplus to the owner of the goods pawned or mid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and treble the sum such goods and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to be levied by distress, by any two justices of the peace for the city, town, or place where the offence shall be committed.

A pawnbroker is not to purchase goods white in his custody, save and except at public auction ; nor shall suffer the same to be redeemed with a view or intention to purchase the same, before the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawn-ing the same, nor employ any servant or apprentice, orany other person under the age of sixteen years, to take in any pledge or pledges.

[Time of buying goods or taking in pawns limited as in former acts ]

Pawnbrokers are to place in view the table of profits, &c. and an account of what notes or memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the expence of obtaining a second note or memorandum where the former one has been loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained.

Pawnbrokers

1

Pawnbrokers.

683

Pawnbrokers* names and business are to be placed over his 39 and 40 G. 3. door, on penalty of ten pounds. &c. to be recovered by distress ; c. 99. and if not paid, the offender shall be committed to the county ^aJnj0,0fC‘ °Ver gaol or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or e oor* mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all Teasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Pawnbrokers not producing their books when necessary, Books produced, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds.

Any pawnbroker offending against this act, shall for every Penalties, such offence forfeit such sum of money as to the justice or justices shall seem reasonable and fit, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds; and for every other offence against this act, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence against any part of this act, not less than forty shillings, nor more than ten pounds: and all forfeitures incurred by any offence committed against this act, shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed; and the justices shall award one moiety of the said penalties to the party complaining, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties not otherwise disposed of and applied by this act, is to be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

No person who has been convicted of any fraud, or of obtaining money under false pretences, or of any felony whatsoever, shall be allowed to prosecute or inform against any person or persons, for any offence or offences committed against this act.

FORM OF CONVICTION.

7 BE it remembered> that on this day of

to wit. 3 in the year of His

"Majestf s reign, A. B. is consisted before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of [or, for the riding or division of the said county of

or, for the city, liberty, or town of as the case shall happen to be] for and the said

do adjudge him [or her] to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of Given under

the day and year aforesaid.

To be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or general quarter session.

An

NEW

6$4 Vagrant Ad extended.

39 ana+o& 3. An Act to extend the Provisions of an

c. 50*

Ad made in 17 G. II. intituled.

Persons atfem- T> Y this act, if any persons, to the number of two or more, Ued to kill game JO fha]] be found in any forest, chafe, park, wood, plantation.

paddock, field, meadow, or other open or inclosed ground, between eight at night and fix in the morning from the first day of February, or between ten at night and four in the morning, from the first day of February to the first day of October in every year, having one gun, net, engine, or other instrument to destroy, take, or kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take, or kill, any hare, pheasant, partridge, or any other game ; or if any person or persons shall be found with any gun, fire-arms, bludgeon, or with any other offensive weapon, proteding, aiding, abetting, or assisting any such persons as aforesaid ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the ranger, and to and for the owner and occupier of any forest, chafe, &c . and also for his or her keeper, or servant, and also for any other person or persons, to seize and apprehend, or to assist in seizing and apprehending such offender or offe iders, by virtue of this act, and by the authority of the same to convey and deliver such offender or offenders into the custody of a peace-officer, to convey such offender or offenders before some o;.e of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall bealledged to have been committed ; or in case such offender or offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and may be lawful for any justice, ' n information before him, on the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, to issue his warrant for the apprehension of such offender or offenders ; and if it shall appear to such justice, on the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, that the persons so charged have been guilty of any or either of the said offences, every such person shall be deemed and taken to be a rogue and a vagabond, within the true intent and meaning of the act, 17 G. II. intituled, An Act to amend and m ke mere

fons, and to Houses of Correction.

effectual

Vagrant A&extended. 685

effectual the laws relating to rcgues and vagabonds, and other idle 39 an^ 4° C. 3* and d/orderly persons, and 10 the hoti/es of correction, and shall c* 5°" suffer such pains and punishments as are directed to be inflicted by any law or statute in force and effect on rogues and vagabonds ; and in case any person or persons being so convicted shall again offend agair.ft any of the provisions of this act, such person or persons shall be deemed and taken to be an incorrigible rogue, and shall suffer such pains and punishments as by any law or statute in force and effedi are directed to be inflicted on incorrigible rogues.

nJior. xijfUJq tborw . . \ .

1

vw i itton giiu.vf. ' u-.

.. ;ii 'ifJCa' bruW. _ .

in . ,idu

fab xiltV'riv hui 1 "

.0 .

FINIS.

' » lmI* \ u , . -.

JlOgftE *. j *It>i JjflJi .* *

j ._h*iT : \'f;r '

,101 6*i£ y »fi".vv '

Oi n i,iys [*?;.

*oc4*ujt* aiaibsy? > .t

PRINTED BY W. AND C. SPILSBURY, NO. 57, SNOW-HILL.

Original

C i I

0

Precedents and Forms of Warrants,

Summonses, Recognizances, and In-

formations, &c.

No. I. A SUMMONS of Matter on Complaint of an

APPRENTICE.

) To the constable of f in the said county

rrHESE are to require you on fight A.

of your parish of personally to appear before

me, at in at of the

clock in the noon, to to such things

be objectedagainfi him by C. D. his apprentice, for mifufing

him,(fc. (as the case is)

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year '/

N. B. You are also to summon the said apprentice before me at the same time, to make good complaint.

No. 2. The same Form if SUMMONS of an APPRENTICE on Complaint <of his mutatis mutandis.

t A

No. 3

Go

Origi

o

I u ]

No. 3* SUMMONS of the MASTER by two Justices m

The same as No. I. only putting us for me, and our hands % lAc.for my band, &c.

No. 4. WARRANT from two Justices against a disorderly APPRENTICE.

' »

The same as No. J. changing the numbers only.

No. 5. APPRENTICE'S Commitment by two Justices.

To the constable of in the said

and to the keeper of the hoyfe of correction at in the said

1X7HERE AS complaint hath been made before us

two of his Majestf s justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said That

apprentice to the said hath committed divers

misdemeanors against him the said his master '>

and particularly

And whereas, upon due examination thereof and upon hearing and duly considering the allegations of both parties appearing before us for that purpose, he the said Jlands convicted before us of the said offence : We do therefore hereby command you the said corflable, to take and convey the said to the said house of corrections

and to deliver him to the said keeper thereof together with this our warrant: Arid we do hereby command you the said keeper of the said house of corrections to receive the said into your custody^ in the said house of correction,


[ Hi J

refiton^ there to remain and be corTefted, and held to hard labour for the /pace of* from the date hereof

Given under our hands and seals the day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

Not exceeding one calendar month.

W ' ,.

t

...mm

4- t \

No. 6. APPRENTICE'S Discharge by two Justices, if the apprentice Fee did not exceed £-5, otherwise by four fuflices at the leaf , i Q.

/COMPLAINT having been made before us E* F. and ^ G. H. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said by C. D. apprentice to A. B. of the parish of in the said of abuse and

ill-treatment from his master towards him the said apprentice, and particularly and the said A. B._

having appeared [$r perhaps not having appeared] agreeably to our summons, but not having cleared himself of the said charge brought against him, IVe do hereby discharge him the said C. Z). from his apprenticeship with A. B. any thing contained in the indenture between them, or otherwise howsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding. Given under

our hands and seals this day of

5

No. 7. Form of a Warrant for an ASSAULT. To the constable of

/COMPLAINT having been made before me ^ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace

in and for the said upon the oath of

in the said that of

in the said did on the

f A 2 day

by

OrigirvaLfrtfm

[ i* 3

day tf violently ajjault and beat h the fold

at aforesaid, in the /aid

These are in his Majesty's name to require you forthwith to etpprehend the said

and to bring h before me to answer to the said complaint y

and to he further dealt with according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand fevtn hundred and

No. 8. Voluntary confession of a fmgle Woman, before the Birth of a Bastard Child*

\ A D of the parish of in the said

" single womany appeared voluntarily before mey i one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in

and for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord And being examined

on oathy Jhe faith that Jhe is with childy and that the said child is likely to be born a bastardr and to be chargeable to the parish of aforesaid, and that C. L). of the

parish tf in the county of is the father

Gf the said bastard child.

Signed A\ B»

Taken and signed the day and year abovewritten.

Before me.

No. 9. Warrant for apprehending the reputed Father of a Baflasd before its Birth*

9 . . . t v'V.., . . .» - ' » i : -

I To the constable of in the said

prjHER E AS A. B\ of in the said

fm$e w°many hath voluntarily made oath this day of before me one of his Mfijejlyls

justices of the peace in and for the said that Jhe

is

k,

II

f V }

is with child, and that the said child is likely to le hern a hajlard\ and to be chargeable to the of

in the said and that in the said

did beget the said child on the body of her the said And whereas one of the overseers tf the poor of the of

afar esaid) in order to indemnify the said

in the premiJfeSj hath applied to me for this my warrant to apprehend the said I therefore hereby require you

immediately to apprehend the said and to bring

him before me) or some other of his said Majestys justices of the peace for the said either to enter into bondy

with sufficient sureties to indemnify the said parishy or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next general sessions of the peace to be holden for the said there

to abide by what the court shall order) in pursuance of an act of 18 EUx. concerning bastards. Given under my hand

andfeal this day of in the year of our

Lord one thousand seven hundred and

....

No. 10. Examination of the Mother of a BASTARD

after its Birth.

MT> of the parish of in the said

single woman) being examined on oath before

me f or us, if more than] one of his Majesty's justices of the

this day of

faith) that on now last paji) Jhe the said A. B. hajlard child) in the parish of

me [or us, if more than] peace for the said in the year of our Lord the day of

was delivered of a

and that the fahl child is likely to become [or is actually} chargeable to the said parish of and that C. D*

of did get her with child of the said hajlard child.

Taken and signed the day and year above-written.

Before mt or u*.

Signed A. B#

No. if*

[ Vi ]

No. II. Warrant for apprehending the reputed Father of a BAdTARD after the Birth.

0

To the constable of

in the said

JJfHEREAS A. B. of in the said

» fin&e ^omany hath declared on oath before mey one of his Majestf s justices bf the peace in and for the said that on the day of now last pajly

Ihe was delivered at in the said of a

bastard childy and that C. D. of the parish of is the father thereof, and that the said bastard child is likely to become [or actually ij] chargeable to the said And whereas one of the overseers of the poor of the said of

aforesaid, in order to indemnify the said parish in the

premiJfeSy hath applied to me for this my warranty to apprehend the said I do therefore hereby require

you immediately to apprehend the said and to

bring him before mey or some other of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said either to enter into

iondy with sufficient furetieSy lo indemnify the said parishy or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next general

sessions of the peace to be holden for the said there to abide by what the court shall ordery in pursuance of an act of 18 £liz. c. 3. concerning bastards. Given under

my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

\$y\ .

I V I

No. 12. Form of a Recogn a Cafe of

BASTARDY.

} T)E it rememberedy that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B.

of the parish of in this county, yeomany and

C. D. of the famey husbandmany personally appeared before me one of the justices of our sovereign lord the

kingy assigned to keep the peace within the said

and

VjCK

r

i

i

r

r

t

f

C vii 3

and did ackntnvledge to owe to our sovereign lord the king as follows, viz. the said A. B. pounds, arul C. D.

pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to he severally levied on their goods and chattels, lands, and tenements for the use of our said sovereign lord the king, his heirs, and successors; if the said C. D. shall make default in the performance of the^condition here underwritten.

Whereas of the parish of in the said single woman, &c. &c. [here either tran-

scribe No. 8, if before the birth, or No. ic, if after, to the words bastard child: then add] The condition of this recognizance is such, that if the above bounden C. D. shall personally appear before his Majesty's justices of the peace at the next general JeJJlons tf the peace to be holden for the said and there answer to all such things as

shall be objected against him, on account of the said now with child [or lately delivered] of a bastard child) begotten by him the said C. D. and shall there abide by what the court shall order, touching the premisses, then this recognizance shall be void\ or else remain in full force.

Acknowledged before me.

No. 13. A Mittimus of the reputed Father of a BASTARD Child.

To the constable of of in the said

and to the keeper

YjfHEREAS of the parish of

ftngle woman hath appeared before me and declared upon oath that Jhe is with child (or was lately delivered) of a bastard child-, and upon her oath hath charged of the paris of in the said county,

with having begotten the said child\ and also that the said bastard child is likely to become [or actually «] chargeable to the said parish of And whereas the said being now

per-

. *Dig. by

t ym 1

personsally present before me, by virtue of my warranty ijfiied for apprehending him the said either cannot, or

will not find sufficient sureties to indemnify the said parish of or-enter into recognizance to appear at the next general sessions of the peace, and there abide by

what the court shall order, touching the premisses, in pursuance of the act of 18 Eliz. concerning baflardy:

These are therefore to require you the said constable of

on fight hereof, to convey the said to the gaol aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be by him kept, until he shall find sufficient sureties, as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by due course of law. Given under my hand and seal this day of

No. 14. Warrant from the two next Justices for the Another, with a Summons for the reputed Father of a BAST ARD Child, to male the Order of Maintenance.

To the constable of

TjP ON the complaint of the overseers of the poor of the ^ parish of in the county of and also upon the oath of of the said parish, single

woman, that Jhe was delivered of a bastard child, in

the said parish, on the day of and that

of the parish of in the said county, is thefather of the said child, and that the said bastard child is now living, and likely to become [or is actually] chargeable to the said parish, before us two of his Majjlfs Justices of the peace

in and for the said county, one whereof is of the quorum, and both of us residing in or next unto the limits where the parish church of in the said county Jlandeth

We the said Justices do hereby command you to bring before us at in the said county, on the

day of at in the noon,

her the said to be further examined by us repeal-

ing

r

i

IB

I

i

ti

s

[ ]

/#jr the premises , and that you also give notice thereof unto him the said that he likewise may be there at

the same time to make his defence \ that we having examined the cause and circumstances thereof may take such order therein as to right doth appertain : And what you shall do in the execution hereof you shall make known to us at the time and place aforesaid. Given under our hands and seals this day of.

No. 15.

An Order for the Maintenance of a BASTARD Child.

1 rT'HE order of and two of

5 ^ his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county (1 Q.) and both residing next to the limits where the parish church of ' in the said county fandeth, made

the day of in the year

upon the complaint of the overseers of the poor of the said pa~ rish of concerning a bastard child,

which was born of the body of fngle woman, in

the said parish of on the

day of now last pajl; which said bastard child

is likely to be chargeable to the said parish of we the said justices having examined the said on her oath, and having duly considered the circumstances of the case, do hereby adjudge, that of the par if) of

labourer, is the father of the said bastard child: And thereupon we do order, as well for the maintenance of the said childy as for the relief of the said parish of that the said shall forthwith pay to the said over-

seers of the poor of the said parish, or to Jbme or one of them, the sum of for and towards the lying in of the said and the maintenance of the said bastard child

to the time of making this our order. And we do also hereby

further order, that the said shall likewise pay, or cause to be paid to the J'aid overseers and their successors^ or to some or one of them, the sum of weekly, and every

week from the present timey towards the maintenance of the said baferrd child, so long as the said bastard child shall be

t B chargeable

^ by

v

I

t 3

chargeable to the said parish of irt case Jhe shall not nurse and take care of the said child h erf elf Given

under our hands and seals the day and year first above-written.

— T*

No. 16. Form of COMMITMENT in general.

i

To the constable of and to the keeper of

in the said county.

JJfH E REAS is now before me

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, charged upon oath with (as the case may

These are to require you the said confable, in his said Ma-jejlfs name, forthwith to convey and deliver into the custody of the keeper of the said the body of

And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in the said

Herein fail you not. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 17. An Award of COSTS.

) /I N the complaint of of the parish of

j ^ in the said against of

in the aforesaid, for (as the case may

be) which said complaint was heard, and the matter determined before me, on the day of

1 one of his Majestfs justices of the peace

in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance of an

act made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty King George

the

[ xi ]

the Third, intituled, An act for the payment of cods to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. &c. &c. do award the following cojls to be paid by viz. the Jum of

Given under my hand and seal this in the year of our Lord

day of

n

No. 18. Form of a IVarrant to dislrefs for COSTS*

To the condable of and to all other his Majesty's condables in and for the said

TJfHE RE AS 1 one of his Majesty's

* justices of the peace in and for the said

in pursuance of an act made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty King George the Third, entituled, An act for the payment of cods to parties, &c* &c. &c. did, on the day of on the complaint of

against for (as the case may be) award the

following cojls to be paid by viz. the sum oj

And whereas the said hath neither paid, nor

given security for the same to my satisfaction, These are therefore to command you, or some one or other of you, to levy the said sum of by dislrefs and sale of the

goods and chattels of the said And I do hereby

order and dir eft the said goods and chattels so distrained to be sold and disposed of within days, unless the

cojtsfo adjudged, and also the charges attending such dislrefs, shall be paid within that time: And you are hereby required to certify to me what you shall have done by virtue of this my warrant. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year of our Lord

t B 2 No, 19,

by

'Mfcmk

[ xii 3

I ^

No* 19. Form of Commitment for want of Distress for

COSTS.

To the constable of

S and also to the keeper of the house of correction at in the said

JJfHE REAS, in pursuance of an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. &c. &c. I one of his

Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said did

djjiie my warrant of dislrefs andfale, dir eft ed to the constable of ordering the said constable to levy the sum of of the goods and chattels of for the payment of the costs awarded by me as therein is set forth : And whereas it appears to me by the return of constable of dated the day of that he hath made diligent search, but cannot find any goods and chattels of the said by dislrefs

and sale whereof the said sum of may be levied

pursuant to the said warrant: These are therefore to command you the said constable of to apprehend the said and convey the said to the said house of correction : And these are also to command you the said keeper of the said house of correction, to receive the said and there to keep to hard labour for the

space of from the date hereof or until

such sum of together with the expences

attending the commitment of the said to the said

house of correction, be first paid, or until the said be df-

charged by due course of law. Given under my hand and

seal at the v day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 20.


[ xiii ]

No. to Form of EXAMINATION of a Perfen

accused.

r J'H E examination of of the parish

i ^ of in the said »

cf taken before me (or us> if more than) one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said the day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

The said being charged before with

faith3 That

No. 21. Form of a JParrant on Suspicion 0/TELONY.

To the constable of

IfORJS MUCH as of

^ in the county hath this day made informa-

tion and complaint upon oath, before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said that divers goods of him the said that is to say,

have been feloniously taken, and carried away from

in the aforesaid y and that he hath

jujl cause to suspecty and doth suspecty that late of in the didfeloniously steal, takey

and carry away the same : These are therefore, in his Alajejlfs name, flrittly to charge and to command you forthwith to apprehend him the said and to bring him before me,

or feme other of his Majestf s justices of the peace for this county, to answer to the said information and complaint, and to be further dealt with as the law directs. Herein fail not.

Given under rry, hand and seal this day of

in the year of oka Lord one thousand seven hwidred and

No. 22.


- i

[ xlv ]

No. 22. Form of Commitment for FELONY#

i

To the constable of and to the keeper of

in the raid

jyHEREAS

is now brought before me being one of his Majesty's justices assigned to keep the peace within the said and it doth appear

to me on the oath of that (as the case may be)

and that is jujlly suspected of the said felony.

These are therefore to charge and command you forthwith to convey the said to the gaol aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof: who is hereby required to receive into his custody, and there to keep until the next general gaol delivery, or till shall be thence

discharged by due course of law. Given under my hand and

seal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 23. Form of Recognizance to indict for FELONY.

7 T)E it remembered\ that on the day of

3 in the year of our Lord 17 A. B. of the

parish of in this personally appeared

before me one of his Majestfs justices assigned to keep the

peace within the said and did acknowledge to owe

to our sovereign lord the King ihe sum of pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be levied on his goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, for the use f our said lord the king, his heirs and successors, if he the said shall make default in the performance of the condition here under-written.

The condition of this recognisance is such, that if the above-bounden shall perj'onally appear at the

next general to be holden at

in and for the said and there prefer a

bill

[ XV ]

till tf indictment against now or late of

for feloniously taking and carrying away (as the case may be) and shall then and there give evidence concerning the same, to the jurors who shall esquire thereof on the part of our said lord the king j and to the jurors that shall be on the trial of the said in case the same

be found a true billy and shall not depart without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be voidy otherwise to remain in fullforce.

Acknowledged before me

N. B. These recognizances, as matters of record, are generally on parchment. — And the party bound must be addressed by name, as acknowledged to be hereby indebted unto the king, &c. &c.

No. 24. Form of Recognizance to give Evidence in Case of

FELONY. J J

E same as No. 23. to the word [prefer] instead of which say, Then and there give evidence upon a Bill of indictment to be exhibited by of

to the grand jury against # now or late of

for (as the case may be) And if the said bill shall be found a true billy then if the said shall there give evi-

dence to the jurors that shall be on the trial of the said upon the said bill of indictment, and shall not depart without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be voidy or else remain infullforce.

Acknowledged before me.

No. 25.


[

XVI

]

No. 25. Information against an unqualified Person for destroying GAME.

1

f'H E information and complaint of of in the county of

i

made before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said the

day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

Who faithy That on the day of

in the year in the parish of

in the county aforesaid, of in

the county aforesaid did keep and use

to kill and destroy the gamey he the said

not being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do : That is to say'j not having lands or tenements to the clear yearly value of 100/. per annum, nor other estate of 150/. per annum ; nor being qualified by birth according to law And thereupon he the said prayeth that the said

may be summoned to answer the premises before me the justice aforesaid.

Before me

No. 26.

Summons of an unqualified Person for destroying

GAME.

To the constable of

J/JfH E RE A S information and complaint have been made y before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said that of

in the county aforesaid on the

day of now last pajly at the parish of

in the county aforesaid, did keep and use

to kill and destroy the gamey he the said not

being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do : That is to say, not having lands or tenements to the clear yearly value of 100/. per annumy nor other estate of 150/. per annum \ nor being qualified by birth according to law. These are

therefore

new york Public lib?

£ xvii ]

therefore to require you forthwith to summon the said

to appear before me at in the said

on the day of

at the hour of in the noon,

to answer to the said information and complaint, and to be further dealt with according to law. And you are required to be then present to certify what you shall have done in the execution hereof Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand/even

hundred and

— .

— — —

No. 27. Warrant to levy the Fine on an unqualified Person, for destroying GAME.

i

To the constable of the in the said

of

JJ/H E RE AS an information hath been laid before me, one of his Majestys justices of the peace in and for the said by of that on

4he day of A. B. of your parish, did keep

and use in the parish of aforesaid

to kill and destroy the game, he not being properly qualified so to do that is to say, not having art estate of the yearly value Of 10/. nor lease of ninety-nine years and upwards, of 150/. per annum, nor being qualified by birth or rank : And whereas the said information is now proved on the oath of a credible witness to be true, whereby the said hath for-

feited the sum of five pounds.

These are therefore to authorize and require you, on fight hereof, to levy the said sum of five pounds by difirefs and sale of the goods of the said returning to him

the overplus on demand, charges of distraining being first deducted, which money, when levied, you are to deliver half to the informer, and half to the overseers of the parish in which the offence was committed: And what you do herein you are to certify to me Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

t C No. 28.

tized b\

[ xviii J

No. 28. IVarrant of Commitment of an unqualified Person, for destroying GAME.

1 To the constable of in the said

$ and ttf the keeper of the house of

corfeflion at in the said

Tl/HE R E AS of the parish of

v is lawfully convicted before me

one of his Majestfs jifiices of the peace for this

oj killing or destroying the game, he not being lawfully qualified by estate or birth so to do; and has been ordered by warrant to to pay five pounds for his offence. And whereas the said hath not sufficient difirefs whereon to levy the same, as appears on oathy these are therefore to require yoUy on fight hereof to convey the said to the house of correc-

tion aforesaidy and deliver him to the keeper thereof to be by him Jafely kept for the space of three months; this being for the first offence. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

N. B. For the second offence four months.

No. 29. Form of IVarrant for GOOD BEHAVIOUR.

To the constables of in the said county,

and to either of them.

% t # 1 ' f \ r *

TfO R AS MUCH as of your said parishy

hath requiredfureties of good behaviour before me

one of the justices of our lord the kingy assigned to keep the peace within the said county, against of the said parishy and withal hath

taken h corporal oath before mey that

requireth the same not for any private malicey hatredy or evil willy but ftmply that is afraid that the said

will do some bodily mischief and that the J'aid hath threatened to do some

bodily

1

t

JlflH

( xix J

' bodily mischief to the or to burn

houses (as the case may be). These are therefore, in the name of our lord the kingy to charge and command youy that immediately upon fight hereof you or one of you do bring the said before me, to findsufficient

furetiesy as well for his personal appearance at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said county, as also that the said shall in the mean

time be of the good behaviour as well towards our said lord the kingy as towards all his liege people, and especially towards the said

3p- -I-'-'.' » . v

Dated at in the said county, the

day of in the year of the reign of our

said lord George the Thirdy of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, kingy defender of the faith, and so forth.

No. 30. Form of Recognizance for GOOD BEHAVIOUR.

? 'T'HE fa?ne as in No. 23. to the words, to be holden

^ in and for the said there to answer to such

things as shall be objected against himy and in the mean time shall be of the good behaviour towards his Majesty and all his liege people, and not depart without leave of the court ; Then this recognizance to be voidy or else to remain in full force.

N. B. This is generally on parchment.

No. 31. The Form of Appointment ^SURVEYORS of the

HIGHWAYS.

7 D Y virtue of an act of parliament in this case madey jj/g^ jj'ts Majestfs fuJliceSy assigned to keep the peace cf our lord the king in the said county, at a special JeJftons

f C 2 of

[ XX ]

of the peace for the said at in

the aforesaid, the day of , in

the year Z)a hereby nominate and appoint

of the of

in the said to he surveyor of the highways for the said for the year ensuing.

Given under our hands and seals the day and year above written.

No. 32. Complaint against defaulters on the HIGHWAYS.

*) E information and complaint made this day by

3 surveyor of the highways for the

of in the said TVho maketh oath before me one of his Majesty's justices of the

peace in and for the said and faiths that

of aforesaid, was duly summoned

by him the said surveyor to find andfend on the

day of for the amending the highways

in the said (one or more teamsy as the case may be).

But that he the said not regarding the

summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf did neglect and make default, and did not find and fend on the said day of for the amending the said highways as aforesaid\ contrary to the statutes made w For the amendment and preservation of the highways y* whereby he hath incurred a penalty of for the said offence.

Taken and fivorn the day of

Before me

No. 33.


Origirval from Li3- ^

C ]

No. 33. A Summons of a Defaulter on the HIGHWAYS.

£0 MP L A1 NT and information having been made

one of his Majestys

h

of in the said

were duly to find and fend on for the amending the (one or more teams, as

upon oath before me justices of the peace in and for the said surveyor of the highways for the That you the said summoned by him the said the day of

highways in the said the case may be.)

\ % . V. # - *

But that you the said not regarding the summons,

t nor attending to your duty in that behalf did neglect and make & default, and did not find andfend

on the said day of for the amending

the said highways as aforesaid: These are therefore to require you personally to appear before at

in the said on the day of

at the hour of in the noon, to answer to tht

said complaint and information made by the said who is likewise required to be then and there present, to make good the same. Given under my hand and seal, this day of

^ .

No. 34.. A Warrant of D for negltEl of duty on the

highways.

1

To the constable of of

in the

f^HE S E are, in his Majesty's name, to command you to levy the sum of by dishefi on the goods

and chattels of of the parish of

in

[ xxii ]

in the fa.il county who is duly convicted this day of

before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said county, upon the oath cf a credible witness, for that he the said being duly summoned by the surveyor of the

highways for the parish cf aforesaid, to find and

fend\ on the day of (one or more teamsy

as the case may be) for the amendment of the highways in the said pari/h; but not regarding the summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf did neglect and make default, and did not find and fend on the said day of the said teams or men for the amendment of the said highway s, by reason whereof the said sum of

is forfeited\ which he hath refused to pay. And if within four days after such difirefs, the said sum, with all reasonable charges of distraining, shall not be paid, you are then to fell the said goods and chattels, and having paid the said sum of and also the said charges, you are to

return the overplus, on demand, to him the said And if sufficient difirefs cannot be founds you are to certify the same to me, together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and seal this, &c.

..... - —

No. 35. Information for Non-payment of an HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

I A 7? surveyor of the highways for the parish of

I ^ "LJ* in the said county, complaineth and maketh

oathy before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord . That

of the parish of hath refused

and doth refuj'e to pay his assessment or proportion towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting

to the sum of the same having been lawfully

demanded by him the said surveyor. And that he the said

hath not paid the said sum of nor any pari thereof contrary to the statutes made for the amendment and preservation of the highways.

Sworn before me the day and year above-mentioned.

No. 36.

[ xxiii ]

No. 36. Summons for not paying an HIGHWAY

IMF

\ To

5 in the said

ASSESSMENT, of the parish of

A survey°r of the highways for the parish of

in the county of having

made complaint and information upon oath before me one of his Majesty* s justices of the peace in and for the said county, that you the said have refused, and do

refuse to pay to him the said surveyor your assessment or proportion towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting to the sum of the same

having been lawfully demanded of you by him the said

and that you the said not regarding

your duty in this behalf have neglefledy and do Jlill neglect to pay the said sum of or any part thereof contrary

to the statutes for the amendment and preservation of the highways: These are therefore to require you personally to appear before at in the said county,

on the day of at

in the noon, to answer to the said

complaint and information made by the said who is likewise directed to be then and there presenty to make good the same. Herein fail not. Given under my hand and

Jfeal this day of in the year

Nq. 37. Form of a Warrant of Di/lrefs in default of Payment towards an HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

To the constable of

in the said

in the parish of

A /? parish of

x aLJ % having been duly convitte\

fore me one of his Majesty's justices oj the peace

in

in the said ifted be-


] xxiv ]

in and for the said for that he the/aid

doth refuse to pay, and hath not yet paid his proportion or assessment towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting to the sum of which sum hath been lawfully demanded of the said by fnrveyor of the highways for the said

These are, in his Majesty's name, to command you to levy the said sum of by distress of the goods and chattels

of the said And if within the space of four

days next after such distress, the said sum., together with the reasonable charges of distraining shall not be paid, that then you fell the said goods and chattels \ and having paid the said sum of to the said surveyor, for and towards the

repairing of the highways in the said out of the

money arising from such sale, that you return the overplus on demand to him the said And if sufficient

goods and chattels cannot be found whereon to levy the said sum of on the said that then you certify

the same to me, together with this warrant. Given under my hand and Jeal this day of

fcv.

1 , , f #

No. 38,. Form of Commitment in Default of Distress for an

HIGHWAY ASSESSMENT.

1

To the constable of and to the keeper of the said

in the said

in the

A T> of the par ish of in the said

' baying on the day of

in the year been convicted before

me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said county, of having refused, and fill refusing to pay his proportion or afeffment towards repairing the highways within the said amounting to the sum of

contrary to the statutes made " For the amendment and preservation of the highwaysAnd it having been made appear to sne, on the oath of you the said confable

tf

n -

[ XXV]

of that you have used your best endeavours to

Uvy the said sum on the goods and chattels of the said

at aforesaid) but could not find

sufficient difirefs whereon to levy the same:

Theft are to command you the said constable of aforesaid\ to apprehend the said and him safely

to convey to the in the said county, and there

deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this precept. And I do hereby also command you the said keeper, to receive and keep in your custody the said till he shall have paid the said sum of and the further sum

of being the cojls and charges incurred by his

neglect in the premises. For doing which this shall be your sufficient warrant. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 39* An INFORMATION in general.

^ . V

1 Hr HE information and complaint of i ^ in the parish of in the county aforesaid,\

taken and made before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, this day of in the year

who on oath faith, That

Sworn before me

to be signed by the informant

No, 40. Form of Conviction of felling by false MEASURES and WEIGHTS.

j BE it remembered, that A. B. of the parish of i ^ in the said county cometh before mey

one of his Majesif s justices of the peace in and

t D. M

jjiti'^d by

tft

Ordinal from

[ xxvi ]

. for the said county, and maketh oath, that on the day of last pajl did fell

not being agreeable to the Jlandard measure (or weight) but less than the same, contrary to the statutes. I therefore,

having examined into the truth of the charge, adjudge him the said guilty of the said

offence, and convicted thereof as the law directs. Given under

my hand and seal this day of in

the year

No. 41. Form of a Precept to the High Constable for ordering Lifts of Persons to serve in the MILITIA to be returned.

? To Gent, chief constable of

TX/E X, B. and C. D. Esqrs. deputy lieutenants, and E, F. and G. H. two of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said county, at our general meeting for that purpose assembled, do hereby require you to issue out your warrants to the several petty constables within your

according to the form her eon indorsed. Given under

cur hands and seals this day of

in the year

N. B. The Form of the Warrant its be indorsed is in the possession of the clerk of the meetings, and needs not to be inserted here.

No. 42. The High Const able9 s Notice to the Petty Constables of the Number of Men liable to serve in the MILITIA.

J Do hereby require you to give notice to the several persons within your constablewick liable to serve in the militia of the said that men are appointed

(by the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace for the said at their subdivision meeting) to serve for the said

[ xxvii 3

said township; hnd that the next meeting for chusing the said men by lot to serve in the/aid militia will be holden at

in in the/aid on the day of in the year

i

No. 43. The High Constable's Warrant for the Persons ballctted to be jworn and inroiled in the MILITIA.

To the constable of

r

nr HE S E are to require you to give notice to

an inhabitant within your constablewick, chbfen by lot, at thesubdivision meeting of the deputy-lieutenants and justices of the peace in and for the said to serve in the

militia of the said county, that he appear at the in in the said on the day of then and there to take

the oath required, and to be inrolled to serve in the said militia as a private man for the Jpace of three years, or to provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who, if approved, shall take the said oath, and be inrolled as aforesaid.

This notice you are to give unto him, or leave the same at his place of abode, at leaf jeven days before the said

day of And be you then there to certify

what you shall have done in the premises\ Given under my

hand this day of in the year of

our Lord

No. 44,

by

xxviii

3

} '

No, 44, Summons of a MILITIA-MAN neglecting to be

sworn and inrolled.

i

To the constable of

TNF 0 R MA T10 N and complaint upon oath having been made before me one of his Majesty's jtfiices

of the peace in and for the said that

late of in the aforesaid (not being

one of the people called quakers) hath been duly chosen by lot to serve as a private man in the militia of the said and that he hath had due notice to appear at the subdivision meeting of the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace in and for the said county, to take the oath required\ and to be inrolled, or to provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, and that he the said hath neglected to be sworn and

inrolled to serve in the said militia, and hath not provided any fit person to serve as his substitute; these are to require you forthwith to summon the find to appear before

me at the in in the said on the day of at the hour

of in the noon, to answer to the said

complaint, and to Shew cause why the penalty of lol.should not be levied on the goods and chattels of the said for the said offence. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No# 45. Warrant to levy 10/. by Difirefs on a MILITIAMAN neglecting to be sworn and inrolled.

To the constable of

A 7? °fthe Parifi> of ik the county afore.

yi# XJm fald^ Yiot being one of the people called quakers, having been convicted upon oath before me one of his

Majestys justices of the peace in and for thetsaid

for

NEW

1

ilr

[ xxix ]

,1

for that he the said A. B. having been duly chosen by lot to serve as a private man in the militia of the said and after due notice given him having neglected to appear, and to take the oath required, and to be inrolled to JerVe, or to provide a proper substitute, whereby he hath forfeited the sum of ten pounds : Lhefe are, in his Majesty's name, to command you to levy the said sum by distress of the goods and chattels of him the said And if within the J'pace of

days next after such dislref, the said sum, with all reasonable charges of distraining shall not be paid, that then you fell the said goods and chattels, and out of the money arising from such sale, that you pay the said sum of ten pounds, to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the said or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the providing a substitute to serve for him; and for the other purposes directed for the application thereof; rendering the overplus, if any shall be, on demand unto him the said deduct~

ing the reasonable charges of the said dislrefs : And if f efficient distress cannot be found, whereon to levy the said ten pounds, that then you certify the same to me, together with the return of this precept. Given under my band and seal this day of in the year of our

Lord

No. 46. Warrant to commit a MILITIA-MAN, wher\r 10/. cannot be levied by Distress.

i

To the constable of of the common gaol at aforesaid.

and to the keeper in the county

&E E No. 45. to the word ten pounds : And whereas I did ^ issue my warrant to the confable of hearing

date the day of to levy the said

sum of ten pounds by dislrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the said And whereas it appears to me on the

oath of the said constable of that after his best

endeavours to levy the said sum, the goods and chattels of the said are not sufficient to answer the said dislrefs;

[ XXX ] ,

These are to command you the said constable of to apprehend the body of the said and him to convey

to the common gaol at aforesaid and there deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this precept: And I do hereby command you the said keeper of the common gaol<> to receive into your custody in the same common gaol the said and him there safely to keep for the(face

of And for so doing this shall be your sufficient

warrant. Given Under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 47. Form of Warrant to dislrefs for Shaker's Substitutes in the MILITIA.

We deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace for the said to the high constable of within the said and to the petty constable of

within the said and to each

and every of them.

A D late of in the aforesaid\

^ ^ one of the people called quakers, having been

chosen by lot to serve in the militia of the said and after due notice having neglected to appear and be inrolled to serve, or to provide a proper substitute : And wey the said deputy lieutenants and justices, having upon as reasonable terms as might bey namely, for the sum of provided

and hired a fit person to serve in the said mi-

Utia, as thesubstitute of him the said do require

you to levy the said sum of by dislrefs andfale

of the goods and chattels of him the said

and to pay the same unto for the use of

him the said JubJlitute, rendering the overplus, if any, to him the said after deducting the charges of dislrefs

and sale. Given under our hands and j'eals this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 48.

(',0. .gle

r

[ xxxi ]

No. 48. Form of RECOGNIZANCE to indict for a MISDEMEANOR.

1 T)E it remembered\ that on the j as in No. 2?. 1

23. mutatis mutandis.

day of

No. 49. Form ^RECOGNIZANCE to answer for 0 MISDEMEANOR.

As in No. 23.

The condition of this recognizance is fuchy that if the above lounden shall personally appear at the next

general to be holden at in and for the said then and there to answer to an

indictment to be preferred against him by

for and not depart without leave of the

court: Then this recognizance to be void) otherwise to be of fullforce.

Acknowledged before me.

No. 50. Form ^RECOGNIZANCE to give Evidence for a MISDEMEANOR.

As in No. 24.

The condition of this recognizance is fuchy that if the above bound 1 shall personally appear at the next

general quarterfejfons of the peace to be holden at

in and for the said and then and there

give such evidence as he knowethy upon a bill of indictment to be exhibited by of to the

grand

j jitizea by

_

[ xxxii ]

/ \ grand jury, dgainjl late of in the said for and shall not depart

without leave of the court : Then this recognizance to he voidy otherwise to be of full force*

Acknowledged before me.

No. <r. A IVarrant to apprehend one for breakinz the PEACE.

j

To the constable of

♦CK

TjyH E RE A S complaint is made before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said that

of the parish of is a person of common evil same

(as the case is) and that the said hath

reason tofeary and is actually afraid of receiving feme bodily hurt from the said

These are thereforey in his Majesty's namey to command youy on fight hereof to bring the said before me

(or feme other of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the same ) to find sufficient furetiesfor

personal appearance at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden at in and for the said

and alfe for keeping the peace towardr his Majesty and all his liege people, and particularly towards the said complainant. Given under my hand andfeal this day oj in the year

I^Vvv, ft*

A u u >

i

i' in i!hL*

No. 52.

J

JK.

f xxxiii ]

No, 52. Recognizance for keeping the PEACE* on Parchment.

The same as No. 23. in the first parU

1 v

The Condition of this recognizance is such, that if

shall personally appear at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said to do and receive what shall then and there be injoined him [her or them] by the courts and in the mean time shall keep the peace towards our said lord the king, and all his liege people, and particularly towards of

in the of and shall not depart without

leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwiji to be of full force. x

v

e

No. 53. Commitment for want of Sureties to keep the PEACE.

7 To the constable of i and to the keeper of

jyHEREAS

in the said

is now brought before me one of his Majestfs jujlicesi assigned to keep the peace within the said And whereas

be being required to find sufficient sureties with him in recognizance for his appearance at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said and in the mean

time to keep the peace towards his Majesty and all his liege people, is unable or unwilling to find such sureties: These are to require you the said constable forthwith to convey the said ✓ to the goal or house of correction at

and also you the said keeper of to receive andfafely to keep him the said until

he shall find sufficient sureties as aforesaid. Given under my band and seal this day of 17

t E

No. 54.

I

Otiginal from

I

[ xxxiv J

No. 54. A Warrant for the Appointment of Overseers of the

POOR.

7 To and of the parish

j of in the said

7T/E-i ivbofe hands and seals are hereunto set, being his Majestys jufitces of the peace (1 Q.) for the said

do hereby authorize and appoint you the said and being substantial house-

holders within the said parish of to be overseers of your poorfor the year ensuing

N. B. With this appointment, a printed charge is given* which the overseers are, or ought to be, injoined frequently to peruse, and strictly to obey.

.....1. - - .. , . ; . I

t i

No. 55. Warrant (after a Summons) against an Overseer, for not holding a jnonthly Meeting to enquire into the State of the POOR.

one of the overseers of wassummoned

to appear before us (two of his Majestys justices of the peace ( r QJ in and for the said for neglecting to

keep his monthly meeting in your parish church, on Sunday afternoon in every months there to consider of some good ways and means for the relief of your poor j and the said overseer now appearing before us, we doy on examination of the said offence, adjudge the same to be true; he having no just excuse for his negleCi; you are therefore hereby required,\ on fight hereof to levy the sum of twenty shillings, to be distributed among the poor of your parish : And} on his refusal

or

1

To the constable of

JJfHEREAS

V the poor of the parish of

[ XXXV ]

or neglect to pay you the said twenty shillings within

days, you are to levy the same by distress and(ale of the goods of the said returning him the

overplus : And what you shall do herein, you are to certify to us, or one of us, within the space of six days next after you levy the same. HereofJail not. Given under our hands and

seals this day of in the year

r — —

No. 56. Warrant of Distress for Non-payment of a POOR'S Rate.

I To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the 5 parifliof

JIT'HEREAS complaint hath been made unto us

and two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said by you the said

churchwardens and overseers of the poor, upon your oath, that of this parish, hath refused, after your demandy to pay you his or her proportion of a rate or assessment lately made for the relief of your poor, and whereas no sufficient cause hath been Shewn us, why the same should not be paid, these are to authorise and require you to make a present demand of the said sums of money of the perform charged therewith , which, if shall not pay within six days next

after your demand, or Shew us sufficient reason to the contrary, you are to levy the same, by distress and fate of his or her goods, returning the overplus (after all reasonable charges are deducted) to the owner thereof. Given under our hands and seals this day of

t E 2

N.o. 57.

[ xxxvi ]

No. 57. Warrant to bring the PAUPER to be examined

To the constable of

f^OMP L AI NT having been made before me ^ one of his Majestf s justices of the peace in and for the said by the churchwardens and overseers of the

poor of the parish of in the aforesaid, that hath come to inhabit in the said having neither gained a legalfettlcment

therein, nor produced any certificate owning to be

settled elsewhere, and that the said is likely to

become chargeable to the said These are therefore to require you to bring the said before me,

and such other of his Majesty's justices of the peace as shall be present at in the said on the day of at

o'clock in the noony then and there to be examined

concerning the place of last legalfettlement, and to

be further dealt with according to law. Given under my hand

and seal this day of in the

year

No. 58. Form of Examination of a PAUPER before

two justices.

} r~T'H E examination of 5 1 in the

now resident parish (or chapehry, or precinct) of in the said county, who

on his oath faith that he was born in the parish of

in the county of ; that he lived with

his parents who were legally settled in that parish till the age of years-y [that (here must be traced the particulars

of the pauper's life) either that] be was legally apprenticed to of the parish of by indenture;

that he served his said majlery who was lawfully settled, not

by

I

[ xxxvii 3

f #

by certificate, in the said parish years; or, that hi

was lawfully hired to of the parish of

for a year, and performed the service of a full year, at wages for the year , or, that he rented an house

and lands to the amount of 10/. a year, in the parish of

or, that he served an annlial public office in the parish of or that he was affieffid to and paid

parochial or other taxes in the parish of that

he is a married man, has a wife named and

children, one named aged

years; another named aged years;

thatfinee his marriage he hath neither rented 10L a year, nor served a parish office, nor paid any taxes, nor done any other act whereby a legal settlement might be gained.

Signed A. P.

This examination was taken and sworn to before

this day of

in the year

/. P.

N. B. A duplicate of this examination to be kept.

i

i

No. 59. Form of a PAUPER'x Certificate

1 To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the 5 parish of in the county of

TAffiE, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the county of

do hereby certify, that we own and acknowledge that A. B. his wife and children (whose names and ages must be mentioned) are inhabitants legally settled in our parish of aforesaid. In witnej's whereof we have hereunto Jet our hands

and seals, the year of our Lord

Attefied by

L.M.

N.O.

day of

CD. 1 E.F.S G.H. I I. K.S

Churchwardens.

in the

tVe

I


[ xxxviii ]

We P. and R. S. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county of do allow of the above-written certificate. And we do also certify, that L. M. or N. O. one of the witnesses who attested the famey hath this day made oath before us the said justices, that he the said L. M. or N. O. did fee the churchwardens and over-seers of the poor of the parish of aforesaid\

whose names and seals are thereunto subscribed and fetffeverally sign andfeal the same; and that the names of L. M. or N+ O. who are the witnesses attejling the said certificate, are respectively of their own proper hand-writing.. Given under our hands this day of

1 1 ' ----- ----- ----- --!----

No. 6o. Order to remove a Family, of which a Duplicate is to be kept.

To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of to execute, and to the church-

wardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of to receive and observe.

JJfHE REAS complaint is made unto us

two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said (I Ij).) by you the churchwardens or

overseers of the poor of the said parish of that

and his wife and children are

inhabiting in your said parish, in order to gain a settlement therein, not bringing any certificate owning themfebaes settled\ and are likely to become chargeable to your parish of

We the said justices having examined thefiiid on his oath concerning the premises, and also touching the place of his last legal settlement, do hereby adjudge, that the said and his family^ are

(or are likely to become) chargeable to the said parish of and that the last place of their laws ul settlement is the parish of in the county of

These are therefore to require you the said churchwardens cr overseers of the poor of the said parish of or some of you, forthwith to convey the said and

his wife^ and their said children to the parish of aforesaid) and deliver them to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor thereof or to either of them) together with this

order,

f

B

i>

f.

[ xxxix ]

trder: And you the said churchwardens and overseers are hereby required to receive and provide for them as the law directs. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

No. 61. An Information from a Pauper, with a Warrant of Summons and Order for Relief

A T> maketh oath, that upon the day of

in the year he, being unable to

maintain himself ajked for relief of the overseers of the poor of the parish of and that they refused to allow him any

thing for his relief

one of his Majesty's ju/lices this

Sworn before me of the peace in and for the said day of 17

Signed

A Warrant of Summons consequent thereon. j To the constable of the parish of

'~THE S E are to require you, on fight of the above informa- tion, to summon the overseers of the poor of the parish of to appear before me to Shew cause why they refused to allow the above A. B. any thing for his relief Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

An Order for the Pauper's Relief ^ To the overseers of the poor of the parish of

T one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said having examined into the

complaint of the pauper A. B. against you the said overseers, for refusing him relief and finding the complaint to be reasonable and well founded; do hereby ordery that you shall weekly and every weeky from and after the date hereof pay to the said A. B. the sum of so long as the cause of such relief continues Given under my hand and seal

this day of in the year

No. 62.

by

t » j I

No, 6l. Order of Removal of a Certificate Perfott$

To the Churchwardens, fsV. &c. as No. 60.

Whereas and his family (naming them) are reji*

dent in your said parish of by virtue of a certificate under the hands and seals of who were

churchwardens and overseers of the poor in the year

which certificate is attejied by two fuuorn witnesseSy and allowed by two justices of the peace; and that they are become actually chargeable in the said parish of

These are thereforey as in No. 6o*

No. 63. Form of a general Recognizance without Sureties, on Parchment.

ft Z? tf the parish of

FI dJ* /Ini

in the said doth hereby acknowledge himself to owe to our fevereign lord the king, the sum of pounds

of laiuful money of Great Britain.

On condition, that the above bounden A. B. do personsally appear at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be balden at in the said And there

to (as the case may be) and not depart without

leave of the court.

On performance of which condition this recognizance shall be voidy otherwise of fullforce.

Acknowledged before me this

in the year of our Lord

day of

No, 64,

m

t 4 3

fto. 64. Form of a general Recognizance, with Sureties, Parchment.

1 A T) of the parish of in the said county

] doth hereby acknowledge himself

to owe to our lord the king r

C. D. Acknowledgeth himself to owe E. F. acknowledgeth

On condition that the above bounden A. B. lAc. as in No. 63.

Acknowledged before me

No. 65. Information of Fraud respecting Rent,

d.

maketh oath,

/to /£* day of

about of the clock in the

he saw C. D. of in the said

aid and ajfifl E, F. in fraudulently conveying away his goods from

AOVAV. U

.1 ^

Sworn before us (being his mayejlfs justices of the peace in and for this county) on the day of

Signed

:!*U; 'V V.

5^

M

(A *U

. ' <./, . 1 . T ----- ----- ----- ----- - — ----- ----

lI ;V v f % \ .

>. a L , \

No. 66. A Warrant to summon the Offender for affjling in a Fraud re/pefling Rent.

s

To the petty constable of

TJfHE REAS we have received information on the oath of k a credible witness, that on the day of

he saw C. D. of your parifl.\ aid and assist E. F* in fraudulently conveying away his goods (here to be named, if known), to prevent his landlord from

f F distraining


[ xfii J

distraining for his rent; these are to charge and command you to cause the said C. D, personally to appear before us at the sign of in on the day of at of the clock in the noony to Shew cause why the penalty

of the act of nth of George II. should not be levied on himfor his offence.

N. B. The penalty in this case is double the value of the goods so fraudulently conveyed away, being appraised by two sufficient persons upon oath.

No. 67. An Order to levy on the Offender's Goods, for affijling in a Fraud respecting Rent.

To the constable of the parish of

JJfH ERE AS C.D. is this day convicted before us ' ' and his Majesty's justices of the

peace in and for the said of having aided and

affi/led E. F. of your said parish, in fraudulently conveying away his goods to prevent the landlord of the said E. F. from dif raining for his rent \ for which offence we do hereby adjudge him to pay the sum of being double the

value of the said goods : These are therefore to authorize and require you to receive the said sum of

from him the said C. D. or in default of payment, to levy the said sum by dif refs and sale of the goods of the said C. D.for the use of the landlord of the said E. F. returning the overplus Given under our hands and seals this day of

*N. B. The value of the goods conveyed away must not exceed 50I. and for want of distress, the party is to be committed for six months, unless the sum be sooner paid*

j ' 1

v.

No. 69.

LIBRAFV

£ xliii ]

No. 68* A Warrant to Jiarch after Stolen Goods,

i To all petty confhbles, headboroughs, and others, f within the and to every of them.

JAfH E RE AS of the parish of

hath made oath before me on* of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that on tbj day of his dwelling

house was broken open (or as the case may be), and that the following goods, that is to say, have been

feloniously taken and carried away by some person or persons unknown j and that he the said hath probable

cause to suspect, and doth suspect, that they are concealed in the of of the parish of

in the said These are therefore, in his Majesty's name, firiBly to charge and command you„ on fight hereof with proper affiants, to enter in the day-time into the of the said and make diligent

search for the said goods : And if the same, or any part thereof shall be there found, that you bring the goods so found, and also the body of the said in whose custody you

shall so find them, before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said to be proceeded against according to law Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

Two justices, if the goods stolen and received be lead, iron, copper, brass, bell metal, or folder, by 29 G. II. c. 30.

' No. 69. A Summonsfor Non-payment a/'Servant'*

Wages.

j To the constable of

TTfH E RE AS complaint hath been made unto me

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said by a covenantedjervant

to of your parish, that his said majter hath

f F 2 rejufed


[ xliv }

refused to pay him the sum of being due to him

for wages, according to a covenant made between them: These are therefore to require you to cause the said

personally to appear before me to answer the said complaint, on the day of in the

noon, at in the said

and be you then and there present to certify what you shall have done in the premises. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

^ ^ ]

No. 70. An Order for the Payment of a Servant's

Wages.

*) f^OMP L AI NT having been made unto me 3 ^ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of of

in the said that he the said

having been hired by of the

par if) of to be a servant in the business of and having duly performed the said service, hath not been able to obtain from his said master the wages jujlly due to him : And he the said master having been duly summoned to appear and to answer the said complaint, but not having Shewn (or not having appeared to Shew) any jujl cause why the said wages should not be paid: I do hereby, after a due examination of the truth of the said complaint, adjudge, determine, and order that he the said master do pay, or cause to be paid, on due notice hereof to the said the sum of which

appears to me to be jujl and reaj'onable to be paid by him the said to him the said as and for

his wages as aforesaid. Given under my hand and seal the

day of in the year of our Lord

*y i'.V v> Wi \* . . ; , ‘

J I ' ' > \ v *

1/ 'uw* .tV\'

No. 71.

NEW YQii*

[ xlv J

1 tL ^

No. 71. Difrefs for 'Non-payment of a Servant's

Wages.

.}

To the constable of

JJ/H E R EAS, upon complaint being made to me

one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said on the oath of of the

parish of in the said that he

having been hired by of your parish, to serve him *

in the b'ufmefs of and that he having duly performed the Jaidservice hath not been able to obtain from his said maser the wages jujlly due to him: And whereas, upon due examination of the matter, I did on the

day of by writing under my hand

and seal, determine and order that he the said should pay to him the said the sum of

which to me appeared to be jujl and reasonable to be paid him as and for his wages as af'oresaid: And whereas it appears, that after due notice of the said order, and due demand of the said sum of being made, neither the whole

nor any part thereof hath yet been paid: These are therefore to command you, to make difrefs of the goods and chattels of the said And if within the space of

days afterfuch difrefs, the said sum of with

all reasonable charges of difrefs, shall not he paid, that you do fell the said goods and chattels, and out of the produce of the falef that you pay the said sum of unto him the said returning the overplus, if any, on demand

to him the said all reasonable charges as aforesaid, being firs deducted. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

\ . X'^

t'-

^ .V.

No. 72*

[


[ xlvi ]

No. 72. Complaint of a Servant against his Maser for ill Usage.

\A.B. of the parish of

in the said complaineth and maketh oath before me one of his Majestys justices of the

peace in and for the said the

day of in the year That at

lajly he was hired by of the parish

of to be servant in the business of

and that he hathv continued in the said service, and doth now continue therein : And that> during the said service, the said hath mifujed him the said and

particularly (as the case may be) whereupon he the [aid

prayeth that justice may be done in the premises.

Signed

This complaint was made on oath before me, the day and year above-written.

No. 73. Summons of the Master for ill Treatment of his Servant.

To the constable of

having

andfeal this day of

1

A D of the parish of in the said

^ complained upon oath before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that he the said having been

hired by of the parish of to be

servant in the business of and that during that

service he the said hath misused the said

and particularly These are to require

youy in his said Majesijs name9 to summon the said to appear before me on the day of

at of the clock in the noon> to answer

to the said complaint. And be you then there to certify what

you have done in the execution hereof Given under my hand

N(

c

firtbt<

U

Tilth

in the J

luring

And tyear hm no (iergff trier, 1

hereby 1

Ghent

intky

No

\l

tfwe n,

1

V*

dtrtufi

Jhit,

No. 74.

SLIC LIBRARY

>1

4

[ xIvK ]

No, 74, Discharge of a Servant complaining of ll

Vfage.

> f^OMP L AI NT having been made before me i ^ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the fold on the oath of of

in thefaii a covenantedfew ant

to of in the said

That he the said having been duly hired by and having entered upon and continuing hitherto in the service and employment of the said and

during the saidfew ice having been misused by the said and particularly And the said having been duly summoned to

appear before me to anfuer to the said complaint, but having been not abley or not having appeared, to acquit himself of the charge> which hath been fully proved against him \ 1 do hereby order, that he the said be discharged\ and I do

hereby discharge him from his saidfewice and employment» Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

i

No. 75. Master's Complaint against the Servant.

MD of the parish of in the said

complaineth and maketh oath

before me one of his Majests justices of the peace

in and for the said that of

in the aforesaid, fewant in the business

of to him the said bath been guilty

ef divers misdemeanors, in his said fewice towards him the said and particularly hath and thereupon he prayeth that justice may be done

% Signed

This complaint was made before me this day of in the year

1

No. 76.

\ .

Origirial from

[ xiviii i

No. 76. Warrant to apprehend a Servant.

To the constable of

1 CT't V » »

INFORMATION and complaint upon oath having been made before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said by

of the par ish of that of the said

parish, fervani to him the said in the business

of hath been guilty of divers misdemeanors ih

his said servicey towards him the said and particularly f

These are therefore to command you forthwith to bring the said before mey to answer to the said complainty

and to be further dealt with according to law. Given under my hand and seal the day of in the

year of our Lord

4 i >4 „ Vu V«Vu'J % Tn tVI V. '.*

No. 77. Commitment of a difofderly Servant.

1 To the constable of > and to the keeper of the house of correction at

3 in the said

See No. 76 to the word particularly.

f ViU;' H VjUft V 4

And I having duly examined the proofs and allegations of loth the said parties, and on due consideration of the complainty having adjudged and determinedy that he the said bath been guilty of divers misdemeanors in his said service : These are to command you the said constable forthwith to convey the said to the said house of correction,

and deliver him to the keeper thereof, together with this War* rant. And you the said keeper are hereby charged and commanded to receive the said into your cuJlody,

*nd there to keepy detahiy and hold him to hard labour for the

in the said

[ xli* ]

the /pace of from the date hereof For doing

which this shall be your sufficient warrant. Given under my

hand and seal this day of

in the year

No, 78. A Summons in general. j To the constable of

'/ 'H E S E are to require you> on fight hereof to summon and ^ cause personally to appear before me (or some other of his Majestfs ju/lices of the peace in and for the said )

at in the said at o'clock

in the noon, to answer to such things as shall be objected against him by far (as

the case shall be). And you are to be present at the said time and place, to make the return of your due execution hereof — Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

-.

No. 79. The Magistrate* s Certificate of the Soldier's

lnlijling.

nr HE S E are to certify, that ^ of years, born at

1

county of

of the age in the

appeared this day before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said of and declared\ that on the

day of last pafl^ he did voluntarily

inlijl himself as a private soldier, to serve his Majesty king George in his said Majestfs regiment of

commanded by and that he doth

now freely consent to the same. These are therefore to certify,

that he the said is duly inlijled as aforesaid \

and that the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were also read unto him before me this day, and that he hath also, at the same time, taken

f G before

1_!

[ 1 ]

before me the oath mentioned in the said articles. Given under

my hand at in the said of

this day of in

the year of our Lord

No. 8a. A Warrant to provide Soldiers' Carriages* To the constable of

TJfHER E AS an order for that purpose from the right honourable his Majesty's secretary at

war (or, as the case may beJ, is this day produced to me

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said I do hereby require you to provide with able men to drive the same, within your constablewieky for carrying the arms, ammunition, and baggage belonging to part of his said Majestfs regiment of commanded by

on their march from in the said county, to with which you are to appear

at aforesaid\ precisely at the hour of

in the morning. Herein fail noas you will answer the contrary at your peril. Given under my hand and Jeal at in the said county of the

day of in the year of our Lord

1 1

1 A. B.

No. 8r. Complaint for Non-payment offmall T ythes.

minister of the parish of complaineth before and

two of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said against of the same

parish, for subjlratting9 withdrawing, or failing in the true payment of the sum of for small tythes, offerings,

oblations, obventions., compositions, or agreements for the famey

by

[ K ]

iby the /pace of twenty days after demand made thereof; dated the day of in the year

C. D. Vicar.

No. 82. Complaint against a Quaker for refusal of Tythes.

} f'HE complaint of minister of the parify

$ of laid before and

two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said against of the same parish,

being one of the people called quakers, for refusing to pay, or compound for the tythes and other rights, dues and payments belonging to the church of aforesaid: For which

he the said minister prayeth for such redress as the law will afford.

Signed this day of

in the year

No, 83. A Summons for Non-payment of small Tythes.

To the Constable of

T/ffH E RE A S complaint in writing is made unto us

two of his Majesty justices of the peace for the sold by minister of the said

parish, against of your parish, forfubjlrafting.,

withdrawing, or failing in the true payment of the sum of due to him the said for small tythes,

offerings, oblations, obventions, &c. within two years laji pajl j These are to require you to summon the said personally to appear before us at the in

in the said at o'clock in the

noon, to answer the said complaint. And be you

f G 2 there

t Iii ]

there present to certify what you have done in the premifeH Herein fail not. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

No. 84. Summons for the Payment of Quaker*s Tythes.

^rHE same as No. 83. only inserting after the words your parish (being one of the persons called quakers) and extending the complaint beyond small tythes and offerings, to tythes and other rights, dues and payments belonging to tie church of

Not exceeding ten pounds.

1

T

No. 85. An Order for the Payment of small Tythbs.

To the Constable of

T/TfH E R E A S of yotir parish, hath been duly

summoned to appear this day before us (being

two of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said and neither of us patrons of your parish church or chapel from whence the tythes do arise, nor any ways interested therein) upon the complaint of minister of your parish

against the said for subjlraftings withdrawing,

or failing in the true payment of the sum of for small tythes, offerings, oblations, obventions, composition or agreement for the same ; and on the appearance of the said before us (or in default of appearance, the summons being duly proved)^ we having examined upon oath, the evidence produced before us, touching the said co?np!ainty do adjudge that the same is true; and that there is jujUy due to the said the sum of for the small

tythesy &c. as aforesaid: We do therefore hereby authorize

and

[ liii 3

^ and require you on fight hereof to demand the said sum of

from him the said together with the sum of*for cofis and charges ; which, if he shall rejufe or neglect to pay you for ten days, after such demand, then you are forthwith to certify the same unto us. Given under our hands Mud seals this day of

in the year

Not exceeding ten shillings,

N* B. This judgment must be inrolled at the next quarter-

sessions.

« — ..... — -

'. ;vv. v. j ... .. - >

No. 86. An Order for the Payment of Jjhiaker's Tythes.

5

To the constable of

v .. , .

'ITHE same as in No. 85. only inserting after the word ^ parish, in the first line (being one of the people called quakers ), and extending the order to the payment of tythes and other rights, dues, and payments belonging to the church of aforesaid, and due to him the said

.'4r| . . *.

No. 87. A Warrant of Difirefs for small Tythes.

1

To the constable of wardens of the parish of

and to every of them.

and to the church-in the said

1

WHEREAS, upon hearing and examining of a complaint laid before us and (being two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said

and neither oj us patrons of the church or chapel) nor any ways interested in the tythes due to your church by minifier of your parish, against of the same parish jor subjl rafting, withdraw

Mg,

. by

mmm

[ Kv ]

irtgj or fulling in the payment of the sum of for

small tythes, offer ings, We did adjudge the same to be truey

and did order you to demand the said sum of together with reasonable cojls and charges ; and the said

having, as it appears on oathy refused to pay you the sum of as aforesaid, within ten days after

demand; these are therefore to- authorize and require youy on fight hereof to levy the *Jum of for tythes

and co/lsy as aforesaid, by dislrefs of the goods of the said *

And if the said sum of be not paid

within three daysy together with the reasonable charges of distrefsy then you are to fell the famey and to return the overplus to the party y reserving the said sum of

and the reasonable charge of takingy keepingy and felling such dislrefs. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

N.B. This extends only to tythes under 40s. per annum, due within two years ; and if the person shall insist on a modusy and deliver the same in writing to the justices, and give security to pay costs, the justkes shall forbear to proceed.

' \ y

No. 88. Warrant to dislrefs for Quaker's Tythes. To the constable of

i

JTHIS is the same with No. 87, except that (one of the ^ people called quakers)y is to be inserted; and the sum to be levied is not in lieu of small tytheSy offeringSy &c. but of tythes and other rightSy dueSy and payments\ belonging to the church of and due to him the said

t N.B. This extends not beyond ten pounds, as mentioned in No. 84.

' yvvitft vA > a- t* , *,. y V* *

l&l

No. 89.

NE\

t Iv ]

No. 89. A Certificate from the Justices in one County, to the Justices in another, respecting Tythes.

yTTf E,> whose names are underwritten, two of his Majestys justices of the peace for the said county, do hereby certify i, his Majestys justices of the peace for the county of t‘ that on the day of

upon hearing and examining the complaint of of the parish of against of the same parish , for fubfiratting, withdrawing, or failing in the n payment of the sum of being due to him for

tythes or agreements for the same, we did in writing under our hands and seals, adjudge that thesaidfum of was jufily due to the said for the tythes as aforesaid) and made our order to levy the same, together with

for cofis m9 but the said removing before

1 the same could be levied on his goods, you are therefore I authorized) by the laws now in force, to levy by your warrant the said sum of by difirefs and jale of the goods

c of the said together with the sum of

for cofis \ which sum , when levied) the officers who shall levy the same) are to deliver to the complainant: After sale made of the difirefsy the officers are to deduct reasonable charges to be allowed by you for taking and keeping the difir efsy V and return the overplus to the owner on demand.

Given under our hands and fealsy the day of in the year

5

i

No. 90. A Precept* from the Justices to the High Con-

fiable to make a privy Search for Vagrants,

j

To the high constable of the hundred of

HTH E S E are to require you to issue out your warrant to all ^ petty constables and tythingmen in your hundred) requiring them to make a general privy search within their precintlsy


[ Ivi ]

in allfufpefted places where rogues and vagabonds do usually resort; that such persons, being duly brought before usy may be dealt with according to law. Given under our hands and seals the day of in the year

On this precept, the high constable's warrant is founded-

No. gi. The Vagrant's Examination*

rT'H E examination of ) ^ bond\ taken on oath before me

a rogue and vaga- one of his Majestyjs justices of the peace in and for the said

this day of in the year of our Lord

JVhoy on h oathyfaithy that

Here are to be traced the particulars of his or her life* from the birth to the present time.

No. 92. A Warrant for the public Whipping of a Vagrant.

To the constable of

V 0 U are hereby authorized and commanded forthwith pub- ticly to whip or cause to be whipped

a rogue and vagabond* this day found wandering and begging in the parish of in the said not having any legal settlement there, and now brought before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said to be dealt with according to law:

After which whippingy you are to remove and convey the said according to the directions of the pass herewith delivered to you. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 93.

[ Ivii ]

No. 93. The Commitment of a Vagrant.

To the constable of

of the house of correction at the said

and to the keeper in

'T'H E S E are to command you the said confable forthwith ^ to carry a rogue and vagabond, this day

found wandering and begging in the parish of in the said not having any legal settlement

therein, and thereupon apprehended and brought before me

one of his Majestfs justices of the peace in and for the said that he may be punished and dealt with

according to law. And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in

the said house of correction, there to be safely kept for the /pace ofseven days at the leaf, or until shall be delivered

by due course of law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No* 94. The Form of a Vagrant's Pass, within the same Jurisdiction.

To the constable of in the said

to receive and convey and to the churchwardens, chapelwardens, or overseers of the poor of the

of in the said or either

of them, to receive and obey.

TJfH E REAS was apprehended in the parish

' ' of in the aforesaid, as

a rogue and vagabond, viz. (here name the species, or aft oj vagrancy)

And upon examination of the said taken before

me one of his Mayefly's justices of the peace in

t H and

[ lviii ]

and for the said (which examination is hereunto annexed) it doth appear, that lawfulfettlement is

These are therefore to require you the said constable, to convey the said having been publicly whipt or con-

fined seven days at the least in the house of corrections in the next direSi way to the said of

within the said and there to deliver h

to feme constable, churchwardens chapelwardeni or overseer of the poor of the same of

to be provided for according to law. And you the said church-

wardenss chapelwardenSs and overseers of the poors are hereby required to receive the said persons and provide for as the law directs. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year of

our Lord

i

No* 95. The Form of a Vagrant Pass to a dislant county ^England, or to Scotland,

To the constable of

and also to all constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of in the of to receive

and obey: if in Scotlands to all constables and other officers (within that part of Great Britain called Scotland) whom it may concern, to receive and obey.

»'

t/I7H E RE A S [as in No. 94. to the word settlement],

is in the parish of in the county of

in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: These are therefore to require you the said constable of

aforesaids in the county of aforesaidi

to convey the said to the town of

in the county of that being the first town in the

next precind through which he ought to pass, in the direct

way


NEW

ivi

[ I* 3

way to the j'aid parish of to which he is to be sent,

and to deliver h to the constable or other officer of such first town in such next precinfl, together with this pajsy and the duplicate of the examination of the said taking

his receipt for the same: And the said is to be

thence conveyed on in like manner into the next adjoining /hire, (or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the next Jlewarty or place) and is there to be delivered to some constable or other officer of the next parish distrifty or place aforesaid, taking his receipt for the same: And such officer in the said parish of in the county of or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland aforesaid, is hereby required to receive the said and give such Receipt

as aforesaid, and to dispose of h the said

Recording to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

N. B. This may properly be executed, by fending the vagrant to the house of correction, to be further conveyed from county to county, having been either publicly whipt, or confined for seven days at the least.

No. 96. The Form of a Vagrant Pass to Ireland.

I

i

To the constable of in the said

and also to all constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to all other officers of the peace whom it may concern, to receive and obey.

JAfH E R E AS [as in No. 94. to the word settlement], of h the said is in the kingdom of Ireland : These are therefore to require you the said constable to convey the said to the town of

in the county of that being

the first town in the next precinct through which ought to

pass in the dir eft way to the said kingdom of Ireland, to which is to be fenty and to deliver h to the constable or other officer of such first town in such next precinfiy toge~

t H 2 ther

by

m

[ lx ]

ther with this pafsy and the duplicate of the examination of the said taking his receipt for the same. And

the said is to be thence conveyed on in like manner

until shall arrive in the county of and the

constable or other officer to whom shall be delivered in the said county of is hereby required to apply to some

justice of the peace in and for the said county of for a warrant to the rnajler of any ship or vessel bound for the said kingdom of Ireland, that shall lie in the said county of to take on board the saidship or vessel h the said and convey h to such place in the said kingdom of Ireland, as such ship or vessel fall be bound unto. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 97. An Order for the Constable9 s Charges in pajfng a

Vagrant.

j

To the high constable of the hundred of

TTJH E R E A S a rogue and vagabond was

by my order conveyed from the parish of in this (on foot or on horseback, or in a cart, as

the case is) to the parish of in the county of

being the nearest parish in the next county through which he or Jhe ought to pass towards the place of his or her* birth, the dislance of which is miles y I do order

you to pay being the officer who conveyed himy the

sum of per mile for conveyance, the said

having now produced a receipt under the hand of the parish officer to whom he delivered the said vagranty and also making oath that it is a true receipt. Given under my hand and seal this day of in t ha year of our Lord

Or last legal settlcraent.

No. 98.


N E V1

[ ]

I

s

No. 98. An Order to the High Confable to pay lOs.fir apprehending a Vagabond.

To the high constable of the hundred of

^rH E S E are to authorize and require you, within six days after demand thereof to pay to the sum

of ten shillings, being the reward appointed by act of parliament for apprehending a vagabond named and bringing

before me

me of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said

to be dealt with according to law; for which the said will give you his receipt, together with this

order , it having been certified to me, that the said vagrant was confined for seven days at the leaf, and that the examination has been delivered to the clerk of the peace. Given under my hand

and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 99. A Warrant to levy 20s. on a Conjiable refusing to obey the Order, No. 98.

7 To all constables and other peace officers in the said 5 of

ffHE S E are to authorize and require you, on fight hereof, to levy the sum of twenty shillings by disirejs and Jale of the'goods of high constable of the hundred of

(if not other wise paid) for his refusing to pay 10 s. to granted him by my order Jor apprehending a vagabond in the parish of which 20j.

you are to pay to the said Given under my

hand and Jeal the day of in the

year

No. ico.


[ ixii ]

I

i

No. too. A Warrant,

. . . . ;

To the constable of

rT^HE S E arey in his Majesty's namey to require youy on fight hereof\ to bring of your parish

before me or some other of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, to answer to such things as shall be objected against him by for

Hereof fail not at your peril. Given under my hand andfeal

this day of in the year

No. ioi. Form of Indorsing a Warrant.

rO R A S MU C H as proof upon oath hath been made ^ before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said of that the name

is of the hand writing of the justice of the peace within mentioned \ I do hereby authorize who bringeth to me this warranty and all other persons to whom the said warrant is direttedy to execute the same within the said of Given under my hand

and seal this day of in year

No. 102. Asearch Warrant for stolen Wood. To the constable of

TJf HEREAS complaint hath been this day made on oath V before me one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said by of the

parish of that divers quantities of woody

confijling of

within the space of six weeks last pajly have been cuty taieny

and


NEW.YC

[ lxiii ]

and carried away, off, and from his lands at in the said and that he hath jujl cause to

suspefi, and doth suspect, that the said wood, or part thereof is concealed in the houses or other premises belonging to of the parish of in the said

These are to require you to enter into and search the said houses and other places belonging to such houses of the said at aforesaid; and

if on such search you shall there find any such wood, then you are to bring such person or persons in whose custody the same shall be found before me, or some other of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said to be proceeded against

according to law Given under my hand andfeal at in the aforesaid, this day of in the year

No. 103. A Warrant to levy the Penalty for Jlolen Wood. T0 the constable of

T/ffHEREAS of your parish

being brought before me one of his

Majestfs justices of the peace for this is law-

fully convihed, by the oath of one witness, of cutting, taking, and carrying off wood belonging to of the parish

of and is unable to give any good account how

he or Jhe came by the said wood: I do therefore hereby order, that pay the sum of to the proprietor of the said wood, within days next after

notice given him hereof; and over and above the said sum, the sum of* for the use of the poor of the said parish.

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

Ten shillings.

No. 104.

I

£ lxiv J

NO. 104. A Warrant of Commitment for Jlealing Wood*

> To the constable of and to the keeper of

i the house of correction in the said

JJfHEREAS of the parish of

in the said was duly convicted

I fore me one of his Majesty's justices of the

peace in and for the said of having cut, taken

and carried away a certain quantity of woody the property of

of the par ish of And

thereupon was ordered to pay the sum of to the said as a satisfaCiionfor damages, and also the sum of for the use of the poor ; which

sums have noty after due notice of this my ordery been paid j I do therefore hereby require you the said confable of

to convey the said to the house f

correction aforesaid, and to deliver to the keeper thereof

with this warrant: And I do hereby command you the said keeper to receive the said into your custody

in the said house of corrediony and there to detain for the

space of from the date hereof Herein fail not*

Given under my hand and seal at in the said this day of

in the year

N. B. First offence, imprisonment, not exceeding a month, or a whipping. Second offence, hard labour for a month. Third offence, punishment as an incorrigible rogue.

Nj. 105.


LIBFU

C Ixv ]

No. 105. Commitment (after a Summons) for aiding and affifing in carrying off Wool.

1

To the constable of

in the said

and to the keeper of

TTfH E R E A S it is proved on oath, before us his Ma~ ' y Jeffs justices of the peace in and for this that of the parish of did

lately aid, assis, or abet several persons in carrying off wool to be exported, contrary to law, and whereas the said being summoned, and now appearing before us, cannot alledge any thing to the contrary : These are therefore to require you, on fight hereof, to convey the said

to the goal aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be by him kept for three years without bail. Given under our

hands and seals, this day of

in the year

1

FORMS

['by

FORMS OF CONVICTION

BEFORE ONE OR MORE

JUSTICE or JUSTICES of the PEACE,' OUT OF SESSIONS.

Alehouse-Keeper

Convicted of felling Liquors, after being disqualified.

BY the words of the statute, the said conviction shall bein this form, or to this effect:

A. B, is convicted on his own confession,

(or on the oath of---) before me, C. D. one of his Majestys

justices of the peace in and for the said county, of having fold a(ey

beery or other liquor sy in the parish of-, in this county,

on the day of after being disabled to Jell

the same. This is the firJlysecondy or third conviction. Given under my hand andfed I this day of

Which said conviction shall be certified to the next fef* fions, to be filed amongst the records.

Convicted of felling ale, &c. without a licence, as Specially directed by 5 G. 3, c. 46.

JD E it rememberedy that on this day of in the year

A. B, of was duly convicted before

me} Cf, D, Esq\ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the V *A county

Go qIc

[ ii 3

county of for felling ale or beer % or other ex*,

cifeable liquors (as the case shall be) without being duly licenced so to do, according to the statutes in such case ?nade and provided\ whereby he has forfeited the sum of

this being the first>second, or third offence (as the case shall be), hefides the costs ana expences of this conviction \ which cojls and expences I the said justice of the peace do hereby ascertain and ajfefs at the Jum of pursuant to the statute in

such case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal the day and year above written.

Baker

Convicted of felling bread, defective in quality^ weight, baking, &c.

D E it remembered, that on this day of

in the year of the reign of

A. B. is convicted before mey one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of [here state the offence] and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of p Givey

under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

For adulterating bread with allum, &c.

D E it remembered, that on this day of

^ in the year of the

reign of A. B. is convicted before mey

C. D. one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the said county, for putting into and using in the making of bread to be sold, a preparation or mixture in which allum was an ingredient [or, as the case may be], and 1 do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of five pounds Given under

my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Bricks

i

Goc gle |

fc

ii

It

E a 3

V

B

Bricks and Tiles.

E it remembered\ that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before me, C. D. one of his Majestfs juf+ tices of the peace for the of

[specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be, within one calendar month]. Given under my hand and feaL> the day and year aforesaid.

Conviction.

A general Form, when a special one is not directed by any act of Parliament.

T> E it remembered, that on the day of

^ in the year of the reign of

by the grace of God\ of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\ King, defender of the faith ^ andfo forth, at

in the county of aforesaid,

A. B. of cometh before me, C. Z).

one of the justices of our said lord the king, assigned to keep the peace of our said lord the }ting in the said county, and also to hear and determine divers felonies, trespajfesy and other mifde-rneanors in the said county committed \residing near to the place where the offence herein-after mentioned was committed $ or as the statute requires], and giveth me the said justice to under-Jland and be informed, that one E. F. of in the said county, yeoman, on the day of

now last pajl, at

in

[-

[ *

in the said county, did [here set forth the fact, in the words of the statute as near as may be] against the form of the statute in such case made and provided; and afterwards, upon the aforesaid day of in the

year aforesaid, at aforesaidin the county

aforesaid, he the said E. F. after being duly summoned in this < behalf before me the justice aforesaid appeareth, and is present, in order to make his defence against the said charge contained in the said information, and having heard the same, he the said E.

F. is ajked by me the said justice, if he can say any thing for himj'elf, why he the said E. F. should not be convicted of the premises above charged upon him in form aforesaid; who < pleadeth, that he is not guilty of the said offence. Nevertheless,

on the day of aforesaid,

in the year aforesaid, at aforesaid, in

the county aforesaid, one credible witness, to wit, G. H. of

yeoman, cometh, and before me the same justice upon his oath on the holy gospel to him then and there by me administered, depofeth, sweareth, and on his oath aforesaid affrmeth andfaith, that the aforesaid E. F. on the day of aforesaid, in the county aforesaid,

did [here again set forth the fact, or so much thereof as \s sufficient to convict the offender]. And thereupon the aforesaid E. F. the day of

aforesaid, in the year aforesaid, before me the justice aforesaid, by the oath of one credible witness aforesaid, according to the form of the statute aforesaid is convicted; and for his offence aforesaid hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the statute aforesaid doth dire ft. In witness whereof, I the said justice to this present record of the conviction as aforesaid, have set my hand and seal at aforesaid, in the county aforesaid.[}

the day and yearfirst above written.

If he confesses the fact? then say ----- --And because the said

E. F. hath nothing to say, nor can say any thing in his own defence touching and concerning the premises aforesaid, but doth of his own accord freely and voluntarily acknowledge and confess all and singular the said premises to be true, in manner and form as the same are charged upon him in the said information : And because all and singular the premises being heard and fully un~

derjlaod


t

r

r j

derjlood by me the said justice, it manifejily appears to me

[or, if the party hath been summoned, and doth not appear, then say], Whereupon, on the said day of in the year aforesaid, at of oresaid, in the county aforesaid, he

the said E. F. was duly summoned in this behalf to appear before me, in order to make his defence against the said charge contained in the said information, but the said E. F. doth ne~ gleft to appear before me, and doth not appear, nor make any defence against the said charges as aforesaid: Therefore I the said justice, on the said day of

in the year aforesaid, at aforesaid, in the

county aforesaid, do proceed to examine into the truth of the said complaint: And G. H. of a credible witness,

cometh before mi the same'justice, and upon his oath, &c.

Costs,

Awarded on conviction.

County of ^ T A. B. one of his Majestfs jujltces of the borough of f peace in and for the

C aforesaid, in pursuance of an act made in the to wit. ' eighteenth year of his Majesty king George the Third, intitled. An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace, &c* on the complaint of against

for [here state the offence generally, and the

date]

which said complaint was heard and determined by me on the day of Do award the foU

' lowing cojls to be paid by viz. [here state the

coftsj. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year of our Lord.

Dogs — Stolen.

T> E it remembered, that on the

in the year of our Lord convicted before us.

day of

A.B.is of his Majesty's justices of the

Excise.

C vi j

the peace for the of

(specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.) Given under our hands and seals the day and year aforesaid.

Of Spirituous Liquors.

A D is convicted on his own confession (or on the oath of 4 C. D.) of having fold strong waters in the parish of in this county, on the day of

without being duly licensed thereto : This is the first or second conviction« Given under my hand and

seal\ Vc.

Of Tea — adulterated.

A. B. upon complaint of C. D. (on parchment or

paper.)

J) E it remembered^ that on the day of

Jj in the year A B. was,

upon complaint of C. D. convicted before me, one of the justices of the peace for in pursuance of an act

paJJ'ed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his Majesty king George the Thirdy for [Here set forth the offence]. Given under my hand and seal the day and year above-written. This conviction shall be certified by the justice to the next sessions, and shall not be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari into his Majesty's court of king's bench.

Game.

day of

71 E it remembered, that on the JJ in the year of our Lord at

in the county of A. B.

came before me, C. D, one of his Majesty s justices of the peace for the fold county, residing near the place where the offence

____

was

\ m

L vii ]

was cortimittsdy and informed me that E, F. of

on the day of now last pafl, did

use a gun, dog, net, or other engine [as the case may be], for the taking, or defir u ft ion ofgame, ana did thereby and therewith take, kill, and destroy a hare, or other game [as the case may be], here ltate the fact, without having the certificate required by law for that purpose ; whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence, or [as the case may be] did not appear before me, pursuant to the said summons, or did negleh and refuse to make any defence ctgaifijl the said charge, but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness or [as the case may be], acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true \ and it manifestly appears to me, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information : I do therefore hereby convitt him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge, that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of

of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offences aforesaid, according to the form of the statute, in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal the

day of in the year

Heath, Fowl, Grouse, &c.

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. hart-:

ing appeared before me one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for the county of ana due

proof having been made upon oath by one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by confession of the party [as the case may be], is convicted of [specifying the offence, with the time and place where the same was committed, and also specifying, if known that it is the first, second, or any subsequent offence against this act, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the justice shall cause to be written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions, there to be bled and kept amongst the records. And the clerk of the

B peace

i

C viii ]

peace shall grant copies thereof on payment of is. for each copy.

i

Fish.

BE it remembered, that on this day of

in the year of the reign of

A. B. is convicted before me one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for the of for

[here (late the offence], and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit the sum of Given under my hand and

seal the day and year abovesaid.

Gaming.

BE it remembered, that on this day of

in the year of his Majesty's reign,

A. B. is convicted before of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for the said county of [or, as

the case shall be] for and the said

do adjudge him, or her, to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of Given under my hand and seal

the day and year aforesaid.

Gaols.

Conviction of a Person felling Liquors.

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of the reign of his Majesty,

A, B. is convicted before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said by virtue of an a Si of parliament made in the 2\th year of the reign of his Majesty king George the third, entitled. An a£ to enable justices of the peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties, of [here set forth the offence, and the time when, and

place

Ltpp. 1

1

Given under our

I i* 3

place where the same was committed].

bands and feaU the day and year aforesaid.

Highways.

T> E it remembered\ that on the day of

in the year of our Lord at

in the county aforesaid\ A. B, came before me, C. D. Esq\ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the said county, and informed mey that E. F. of

on the day of now

last pajl, at in the said county, did [here set forth

the fact in the manner described by the statute.] Whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of

at in the said county, and having heard the

charge contained in the said information, declared, that he was not guilty of the said offence: But the same being fully provedy upon the oath of a credible witness, it manifestly

appears to me the said justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information. It is

therefore considered and adjudged by me the said juficey that the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict him of the off fence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid\ to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of the Jla-tute in that case made and provided. Giveny &c.

If the party doth not appear upon the summons, then, after the words — being duly summoned to answer the said charge, insert, did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons; or, did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge $ but the same being fully proved\ &c.

B 2

If

[ X ]

If the party confesses the charge, then after the words — contained in the said information, insert, acknowledged and vo-r luntarily confessed the same to be true, and it manifejUy appears to me the said justice} &c»

Larceny,

T> E it remembered, that on the day of

^ in the year A. B. was convified be-r

fore us of the justices of the peace for

of a misdemeanor, in having in his possession [or, in having, carrying, or conveying of ] Lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder [as the case shall be], suspected to be Jlolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the party or parties of whom he bought or received the same, nor giving a Jatisfaftory account how he came by the same, nor producing any credible witness to depose upon oath the sale or delivery thereof [or, of neglecting to apprehend and secure the person who brought and offered to pawn, fell, or deliver lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-jnetal, or folder, suspected to be Jlolen or unlawfully come by, as the case shall be]. Given under qur hands and seals the day and year afar esaid.

Pawning,

E it remembered, that on this day of

in the year of his Majestfs reign,

A. B. is convicted before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said of

[as the case shall be] for and the said do adjudge him (or her) to pay and

forfeit for the same, the sum of Given

under the day and year aforesaid.

Servants.

[ ]

m

Servants.

To clothiers, &c. (on parchment.)

3D E it remembered\ that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is con-

viEled before me one of his Majesty's juf-

tices of the peace in and for the of

of having [here specify the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed]. Given under my hand and seal the day and year first above-mentioned.

To hatters, &c. (on parchment.)

T> E it remembered\ that on the day of

c* in the year of our Lord A. B. was

convicted before us of his Majesty's

justices of the peace in and for the said county of [or as the case shall be] of [Here specify

the offence, and when and where committed.] Given under our hands and seals the day and year first above-written.

N. B. Before two justices.

----- False reeling (on parchment.)

T> E it remembered, that on the day of

^ in the year of our Lord A\ B. is

convicted before me one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for [specifying the offence,

and the time and place when and where committed, and also specifying that it is the first, second, or third offence against this act, as the case shall be]. Given under my hand and seal\ the day and yearfirfi above-mentioned.

N. B. Before one justice.

Watchmakers,

t XU ]

Watchmakers, &c.

n E it remembered, that on the day of

JJ in the year of his Majesty's reign,

A. B. was convicted before me [or us] of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the j'aid county of

of [as the case shall happen

to be] ffpecifying the respective goods,

materials, or effects] the property of C. D. of in the county of Given under my hand andfeal

[or our hands and feats'] the day and year aforesaid.

Slaughtering Horses.

A D is convicted before me, C. D. one of his Majesty's ^ ^ justices of the peace for

on the oath of E. F. inspeCior of houses and places for faughter-ing horses, for the parish of G. in the county of H. of refusing to pay the sum of being the

expence of an advertisement or advertisement s [as the case may be] inserted in the [Daily Advertiser, or some other] public newspaper circulated in the county [as the case may be], pursuant to the directions of the statute in that case made and provided. Given under my band and seal, this day of

Slaughtering Horses. — No. ir.

I

D E it remembered, that on this day of

jLJ in the year A. B. licensed

for faughter ing horses, is convicted, upon the oaths of C. D. and E. F. two credible witnesses, before me, G H. one of his Majests justices of the peace for the county of of having wilfully made, or caused to be ?nade [as the case may be], a false entry in the book required by the fatute, in that case made and provided, to be kept by the said A % B.

whereby


NEW v'6:

[ *" ]

whereby he [(he, or they] has for have] forfeited the sum of Given under my hand and seal\ the day and

year above-written.

Slaughtering Horses. — o. III.

N

E it remembered\ that on this day of

in the year A. B, was convicted, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before me, C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of

for occasionally lending a house for place, as the case may bt], for thepurpoje of Slaughtering horses [or, as the case may be], of Slaughtering cattle for other purposes than for butchers' meat, without a licence for that purpose jirjl obtained, according to the statute in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day and year

above-written.

M , .

Swearing.

(On parchment.)

E it remembered, that on the *day of

in the year of his Majesty's reign,

A. B. was convicted before me one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or liberty aforesaid; or before me mayor of the city or town of within the county of of swearing one or more oath or oaths, or of

cursing one or more profane curse or curjes. Given under my hand andfeal the day and year aforesaid.

Within eight days of the offence.

Turnips.

by

r ]

i

v ' - V . + r

T urnips. — Stealing.

D £ it remembered, that on the day of

JJ in the year of our Lord A. B.

is duly convicted before me, C. D. Esq\ one of his Ma-je,(If s ju/liccs of the peace for the county of ffpecifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be]. Given under my hand and seal the day and year aforesaid.

V \\

-> 'V' *

Wood. — Stolen.

r V'*--

tj E it remembered, that on the day of

JJ in the year A\ B. was, upon the

complaint ofC. D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for in pursuance of an act passed in the sixth year [or if the prosecution is on the 9 G. 3. c. 41, then say, in the ninth year] of the reign of his MajTfly King George the third, for [as the case

<hall be].

Given under hand and seal the day and year above-

written*

- l V.

\ ' ,

. I.

. .' ' 1

‘ *V *. . iAM VO7 ;.

*_ ..i j ' .*

: *: v tv ‘ .

. V. - Vi,

Oaths

r

Origirai fren

new york Public:

ii

Oaths of Office, Qualification, &c.

' { i \ y§' t ‘ i y,#

Chief Commissiorier of Salt Duties*

. .-r1 V V '* r- ^ .v r.

X?O Ushall/wear to execute your office truly and faithfullyi ^ without favour or affeflion, and shall from time to time true account make and deliver to fitch person and persons as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the same; and shall take no fee or reward for the execution of the said office, from any other person than from his Majesty, or those whom his Majesty shall appoint in that behalf So help you God.

Church-Wardens*

V 0 U shall/wear truly and faithfully to execute the office of a churchwarden within your parish, and according to the befl of your skill and knowledge, present such things and persons as to your knowledge are present able by the laws ecclesiastical of this realm. So help you God\ and the contents of this book.

Clerk of the Peace.

# i . . ... 1

' w \ ' I

XfOXJ shall swear, that these eflreats, now by you delivered, are truly and carefully made up and examined, and that alt fines, issues, amerciaments, recognizances, and forfeitures, which were Jet, loft, imposed, or forfeited, and in right and due course of law ought to be efireated in the court of exchequer, are, to the befl of your knowledge and under(landing, therein contained; and that in the same eflreats are also contained and exprefed, all such fines as have been paid into the court, from which the said eflreats are made, without any wilful or fraudulent discharge, omission, fnifnomer, or defect whatsoever.

C Constablt

1

[ xvi ] Constable.

VO U foaU well and truly serve our sovereign lord the king

[and the lord of this leety if sworn in a court leet], in the

office of conJlabley for the township of for the year ensuing, according to the best of your skill and knowledge. So help you God.

The Juror's oath*

"t/O U shall true inquiry and presentment make of all such

things as shall come before you, concerning a forcible entry [or detainer] said to have been lately committed in the dwelling-house of yeomany at in this county \

you shall spare no one for favour or a/section, nor grieve any . one for hatred or ill-willy but proceed herein according to the

best of your knowledge, and according to the evidence that shall be given to you. So help you God.

„ The oath that A. F. your foreman, hath taken on his party youy and every of youy shall truly observey and keep on your parts. So help you Goa.

Surveyor's oath on passing his accounts.

T A.B.dofweary that the accounts now produced and de-A livered by mey as surveyor of the highways for the

of for the last yeary are jujl and true %

tff the left of my knowledge. So help me God.

House Duty. Assessbr's oath.

T A. B. do sweary that in the assessment which 1 shall make A of the houses and houshold offices within the dislritt or parish for which 1 am appointed an ajfeJfory 1 will rate each at the true annual value, according to the best of my judgment and (kill y and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trust re-posed in mey by virtue of an act of the eighteenth year of his present

NEW YC

A

V

[ xvii ]

present Majesty, y*r imposing a new duty on all houses of five pounds a year and upwards. So help me God.

' *

cy r4vv "

Just ice of the Peace.

His oath of office.

*. .

\f0 U shall swear, that as justice of the peace in the county of in all articles in the king's commission to

you directed, you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, wity and power, and after the laws and customs of the realm, and statutes thereof made: And ye shall not be of counsel of any quarrel hanging before you; and that ye hold your fejjtons after the form of the statutes thereof made: And the issues, fines^ and amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and auforfeitures which shall fall before you7 ye shall cQufe to be entered without any 'concealment (or em-bezelling), and truly fend them to the king's exchequer Te shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly ye shall do your office of justice of the peace in that behalf: And that you take nothing for your office of justice of the peace to be done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, andcojls limited by statute. And ye shall not dir eft, nor cause to be dir eft ed, any warrant (by you to be made) to the par tie s, but ye shall dir eft them to the bailiff of the said county, or other the king's officers orminijltrs, or other indifferent persons, to do execution thereof So help you God

His oath of qualification.

T A. B. do swear, that I truly and bona fide have such an A estate, in law or equity, to and for my own use and benefit, confijling of [specifying the nature of such

estate, whether messuage, land, rent, tythe, office, benefice, or what elfej, as doth qualify me to act as a justice of the peace for the county, riding, or division of

according to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his Majesty king George the second, entitled, an act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty, s reign, entitled an act for the further qualification of

C 2 justices

AT

[


i

t

C 3

i

justices of the peace; and that the same (except where it con-fists of an office, benefice, or ecclesiastical preferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and usual names) is lying or being, or issuing out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being within the parish, township, or precinct of or in the several parishes, townshipSy or pre- 1

cinfts of in the county of or in

the everal counties of 1 (as the case may be.)

Militia-Man's Oath.

I A.B. do sincerely promise and fuuear^ that 1 will be faith* fuly and bear true allegiance to his Majesty king George; and 1 do swear, that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time of five years for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

Substitute's Oath.

T A .B. do sincerely promise andfwear, that I will be faith-A fuly and bear true allegiance to his Majesty king George $ and I do swear, that 1 am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain^ for the defence of the same, during the time of five years, or for fuchfurther time as the militia shall remain embodied, if within the space of five years, his Majesty shall order and direct the militia to be drawn out and embodied\ unless I shall be sooner discharged.

Post Office.

Postmaster's Oath.

T A, B. do sweary that I will not wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, detain, or delay, or cause, procure, permit, fujfer to be opened, detained\ or delayed, any letter or letters,

[ xix ]

packet or packets, which shall come into my hands, power, or custody, by reason of my employment in or relating to the post-office, except by the consent of the person or persons to whom the same is or shall be directed, or by an express warrant in writing, under the hand of one of the principalfecretaries offt ate for that purpose; or except in such cases, where the party or parties to whom such letter or letters, packet or packets, shall be dire sted, or who is or are chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, and except such letters or packets, as shall be returned for want of true direct tions, or when the party or parties to whom the same is or shall be directed, cannot be found \ and that 1 will not any way embezzle any such letter or letters, packet or packets, as aforesaid.

On delivering his Accounts.

T A. B .do swear (or affirm, as the case ?nay require), that the several weekly accounts, nozu by me delivered, of the duties arising upon horses, which I have let for the purpose of travelling post, or otherwise, from the day of

to the day of as far as

the same have been entered and kept by me, are fair, jujl, and true accounts \ and that I have charged therein the duty for the true number of miles, received for the use of his Majesty,from the travellers who have hired horses from me; and that 1 have inserted therein an account of all the day-tickets, notes, and certificates issued by me \ and as far as such accounts have been en tered and kept by any other person or persons, I verily believe the same to be true. So help me God.

Returning Officer's Oath.

I A.B. do solemnly swear, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any sum or sums of money, office, place, or employment, gratuity, or reward, or any bond, bill, or note, or any t promise of gratuity whatsoever, either by myself, or any other person to my use or benefit or advantage, for making any return

f XX ]

at the present election of members to serve in parliament j and that I will return such person or persons as shall\ to the best of my judgment^ appear to me to have the majority of legal votes*

Riot, Rout, &c. — Juror's Oath.

0 U shall true inquiry and preferment make of all such things as shall come before you, concerning a riot, rout, and unlawful ajfonbly said to have been lately committed at

in this county; you shallJpare no one for favour or aJfeEtion, nor grieve any one for hatred or ill willy but proceed herein according to the best of your knowledge, and according to the evidence that shall be given to you. So help you God.

1The oath which your foreman hath taken on his party yoUy and every of yoUy shall well and truly observe and keep on your parts So help you God.

'J.

P

Servants.

Assessor's Oath.

I A.B. do swear[or affirmy as the case may require], that) in the assessment which I am required to make by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of king George the third, to repeal duties on male i'ervants; and for charging new duties upon male and female servants, 1 will aft according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

Sheriff's Officer's Oath before two Justices.

T A. B. will not use or exercise the office of bailiff corruftly, dui ing the time that I shall remain therey neither shall or will accept, receive, or take, by any coloury meanSy or device whatsoever, or consent to the taking of any manner of fee or reward of any person or persons for the impanellingy or returning of any inqueji, jury, or tales, in any court of recotd, for the kingy or betwixt party and party, above 2s. or the value thereof) or

[ XXI ]

such fees as are allowed and appointed for the same by the laws and statutes of this realm $ but will\ according to my powery truly and indifferently, with convenient speed, impannell all jurors, and return all such writ or writs touching the same, as shall appertain to be done by my duty or office, during the time that 1 shall remain in the said office So help me God.

Transferring Act.

Commissioner's Oath.

I A.B. do swear, that I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of king George the third, for transferring the receipt and management cf certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of stamps respectively, to the of for the affairs of taxes, and also for making further provisions in respe<S to the said duties so transferred; and will determine, without favour or affection, upon all appeals which shall be brought before me, under the said act, according to the best of myfkill and knowledge So help me God

Assessor's Oath.

T A. B. do swear [or affirm, as the case may require], that in making the assessment, which, by authority of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of king George the thirdy for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of stamps respectively, to the of for the affairs of taxes, I will charge all persons according to the best of my skill and knowledge. So help me God.

[ xxii ]

Wool-Searcher's Oath

I do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, execute and perform the trust reposed in me as a searcher, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his Majesty king George the third, for rendering more effectual the provisions contained in an act of the thirteenth year of king George the first, for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

FINIS.

