THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANT.

The READER is requested to excuse and to correct the following errors of the press.

Page 4, line 46, dele they.

---

7, ref. 3, read 4 Ja. c. 3.

90, ref. 3, read 14 G. 3. c. 71. jie, ref. 3, read 13 G. 3.

159, line 16, read No. 101.

180, line 36, read mid.

364, ref. 3, read 21 //. S. c. 7.

note read No. ror.

295, ref. 1, read 1 C. 3. c. C.

THE

MAGISTRATE'S ASSISTANTS

OR, A

summary of those laws,

WHICH IMMEDIATELY RESPECT THE

CONDUCT

OF

A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE:

TO THE

END OF THE FIFTEENTH PARLIAMENT

OF

GREAT BRITAIN.

TO WHICH ARE ADDED,

MORE THAN AN HUNDRED FORMS OK WARRANTS, SUMMONSES, RECOGNIZANCES, 6V.

AND A

COMPLETE INDEX OR TABLE OF CONTENTS TO THE WHOLE.

BY

A COUNTRY MAGISTRATE.

Lcgiun Mimjlri, Magi firatus; Lcgiwi Inicrpretcs, Justices. Cic.

— — — ----- -Fir bonus cfl quis ?

$vi confilta pr.iru?nt qui leges juraqne Jew at. Hor.

CLOCBSTER!

PRINTED BY fc, R A I II E S j

AND :o:.D BY If. GARDNER, NO. 200, fN THE STRAND, LONDON $ AND BY THE EOO'ISELI.EP.5 IS TOWS ASP COUNTRY.

M.DCC,LXXXIV.

BAMBER T 0 GASCOYNE, Esquire,

MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT,

AND

ONE OF HIS MAJESTY'S JUSTICES OF THE PEACE FOR THE COUNTY OF ESSEX,

THIS SUMMARY OF THOSE LAWS WHICH UNIFORMLY REGULATE HIS CONDUCT

AS A MAGISTRATE,

TO THE

HONOUR OF HIS SOVEREIGN, ANP TO THE BENEFIT AND HAPPINESS OF THAT COUNTY,

WITH UNFEIGNED IS DEDICATED, RESPECT, BY HIS MOST OBLIGED FRIEND,

AND FAITHFUL HUMBLE SERVANT,

THE EDITOR,

[ i ]

TO THE

READER.

THE high Estimation in which Dr. Burns Work, entitled, The Justice of the Peace and Parish Officer, has long been ie-. fervedly holden, encourages the Editor of the following Sheets to hope, that another Struct ture raij'ed, with a similar Design, on Jb J'olid a Foundation, though to a much less elevated Height, will not be deemed unworthy of the public Notice. It claims very little, Merit, but what is derived from a new Arrangement of that iifeful Information, for which this Country is so much indebted to the Labours of the eminent Compiler already mentioned.

Its merit, if it has any, chiefly consists in pointing out more immediately to the eye of the Magistrate, who may be supposed to have many other engagements on his hands, that line of ConduSl, which, in almost every a Enter -

[ ii ]

Emergency, it is his Duty to ptirfue. The Authorities, as well from the Common, as the Statute-Law, are indeed less numerous than in many other Books of this Kind; yet it is hoped, that they are sufficiently copious for Direction how to proceed in every ordinary Cafe, which may occur. The Statutes, as to every Thing material, are faithfully recited: and the' J'ome technical Expressions, not of the EJfence of the Law, may for Brevity's Sake, be omitted, the Editor flatters himself, that what remains will be abundantly sufficient to guard the Person who consults them from any Error in his Decision. Adjudged Cafes, for the Confirmation of his Judgment may be found at large in many very judicious Collections of this Sort: The Work of Lord Dudley and Ward, and T. Cunningham, Esq; entitled, the Law of a Justice of Peace and Parish Officer, &c. is a mofi valuable Collection of Information on this Subject. And the Magistrate will find it prudent to have such' useful Books of Reference as that Compilation, and also Dr. Burn's Justice of the Peace, always at his Hand. But with all these at his Command, he nevertheless fiaiids in Need of same more obvious Direction,

when

[ iii ]

when he is wiping to dispatch the Business which presents itj'elf with Expedition, Safety, and Satisfaction to him]elf and others.

It is well known that several Compilations of a similar Nature with this have been heretofore offered to the Public, imder a great Variety of Pities' and Descriptms: And there is no Doubt, that the Magistrate has derived no inconsiderable Advantage from the Lights communicated to him by such Publications: And — valeant quantum valere poffint — is our sincere Desire: We by no Means wifi to raise the Reputation of the following Work, by depreciating the Merits of any other. Phe Reader is left at full Liberty f and this Liberty he certainly would take, whether we indulged him with it or notJ to call to his Afffance those Productions, which he thinks mofl likely to direB, secure, and satisfy him in the Discharge of his Duty.

In the mean Pime, when a Matter of Doubt and Difficulty is before him f and such he must expeB will sometimes occur) he will be happy to avail himjelf of that liberal Sentiment of one of the mofl illustrious Ornaments of this or any other Nation. " Where the Magistrate appears to have been misguided a % by

[ iv ]

by an erroneous "judgment, without any Purs pose of doing ill, GOD forbid, fays this venerable Personage, that the Courts of Law f:ould not give him Credit for the Purity of his Intention; and put the moji favourable Construction on his Gonduft, that the Cafe can possibly admit of.

This is, in Subfance, the Declaration, which, coming from such respectable Authority, has doubtless encouraged many to engage in the useful Employment of a Justice of the Peace, who would otherwise have been very cautious of exposing themselves to the difa-greeable Gonsequences oj a faux pas in interpreting the Laws. The Indulgence here given emboldens those, who are disposed to aid, under the DireBions of an honest Intention, and a plain Underfunding, freely to exercise their bef Judgment -, No longer apprebenfve, that the Want of Form, or the Omission of same legal PmBilio may bring them within the Reach oj the Censures of a superior Court.

It it not however injinuated, that Indifference or wilful Negligeftce is at any Rate excnfeable in interpreting or inforcing a plain andpojitive Statute: On the contrary, frequent Occajjons will offer themfdv.es, wherem

[ v ]

it is impossible to be too minutely precise $ because in such Cafes, every Advantage will assuredly be taken of any Want of Accuracy, or Inattention to the Letter of the Law: As a Proof of this, and to convince the Magistrate of the absolute Necefjity of extreme Carefulness in his Duty, it may not be amiss to observe, that Dr. Burn enumerates not less than twenty Infiances, in which an Order of Removal has been, or is liable to be, quashed, on Account of same apparently .injignif eant Error in the mere Matter of Form: All therefore which is intended by the Encouragement bolden forth, as above, is to remove from the Mind of a well-meaning, but timorous Magistrate, the Apprehension of something more, perhaps, than Genfure, for an involuntary Error in his Conduit: But no Licence is hereby given him to trifle with the obvious DireBions of a Statute, or to adopt a Latitude of Interpretation, which is neither safe nor warrantable.

It was certainly an Inflame of equal Candour and Wisdom to encourage, as much as possible, those Persons to flep forward, who, though their Rank and Situation in Life as well as their liberal Education marked them as mofl proper for this Office, had yet

[ vi ]

been found too generally averse from engaging in it. We will not allow ourselves to impute this Backwardness to a mere Love of Dffii pation, or a mere Difiike to Business. We are willing to think, that there are very few Individuals of the above Description, who would not feel great SatisfaBion in finding themselves so materially serviceable to their < Country, in the Discharge of an Office so important to the Suppression of Vice, and to the Advancement and Security of the public Welfare: We havefeen them chearfully foregoing the Comforts of domestic Life, and readily withdrawing their Attention from their private Concerns, in Order to devote their Lime, and same, even their Health and Fortune to the necessary Duties of a Military Life: Whence is it then that so few have been found equally ready to dedicate some Portion of their Leisure Hours to the Preservation of public Peace, and to the Maintenance of good Order and Decency among their Neighbours? It could only have arisen from the Apprehension of some more than ordinary Obfiacles and Impediments: They must surely have been deterred by the Confederation, that, in Order to attain, to a competent Knowledge of the Duties of a Magistrate, a tedious, thorny Path was to

[ vii ]

be pursued -, inhere no [mall Share of Difir cullies would meet them by the Way, and after all their Labour, no inconsiderable Danger of miscarrying would be incurred, even under the heft Information, which, till of late Tears, they were able to procure.

It has been our happier Lot, to find these Objections in a great Measure removed: We have seen, what Light has been thrown on the Study of the Municipal and Statute Laws, by the ingenious, elegant, and learned Commentaries of that accomplished Writer, Sir William Blackstone: And we have good Reason to hope, that the Chair of Magistracy will in future more easily be filled by PerJ'ons of Consequence and RespeBability, well qualified for this useful Department in Society; when we refiedl, that the Study of the common Law makes at this Time a very considerable Part of Academical Education.

But if no such Advantages as these fub-fified, the excellent Work of Dr. Burn would alone be fifficient to remove the principal Discouragements, which formerly deterred such, as were not inured to the Habits of close Enquiry, and toilsome Researches. Since that Work has been so universatty received, and so jufily admired and approved, the

[ via ]

Justice of the Peace has seldom been at a Loss for necessary Information in almost every pofible Cafe: And perhaps the only Apology . which can be offered for hazarding the following Attempt, when a Work, so deservedly efeetnedis in almost every Hand, is this: Lhat the four Volumes cj Dr. Burn, though no Ma-gijlrate ought to be without them, as Books of Reference, comprize much more, than it is necessary for a Justice of the Peace to invefigate, in the ordinary Duties of his Office: Prom these, undoubtedly, much satis-faBory Information may be derived on Sub-jeSts of no inconsiderable Importance, though not immediately conneBed with the Duties of a Magistrate.

If the following Work pall be found in any Degree to facilitate the Administration of Justice, by more obviously exhibiting all that is written in the Law on every ordinary SubjeB, the Editor flatters himself, he pall have rendered no inconsiderable Service to his Brethren in the Commifion; and will think his Labours amply recompensed by their favourable Acceptance of his befl Endeavours,

<aBjjjiLlUaaBKg5

anrmr

Accessary.

ACCESSARY is one that /> concerned in the felony by commandment, aid, or receipt.

In high treason, there are no acceflhries, either before i It,-.It's Sip.

or after; for all are principals___In cases that are criminal, 613.

but not capital, there are no accefi'aries__But as to felonies

by act of parliament, those that counsel or command the offence, arc accellaries before; and those that knowingly receive the offender, arc accessaries after.

The buyer or receiver offtolen lead, iron, copper, brass, ^G-i. c.-fi. bell-metal, or folder, 'knowing them to be ilolen, may be convicted, although the principal hath not been convicted ; and shall be transported for fourteen years.

Every person, who shall buy or receive any (lolcn jewel or J0 G. j. c. 42. jewels, or any stolen gold or iilver plate, watch or watches, knowing the same to have been Ilolen, accompanied with a burglary actually committed in Healing the same, or to have been feloniously taken by a robbery on the highway, shall be triable, as well before conviction of the principal felon, whether he be in or out of custody, as after his conviction: and if such person, so buying or receiving, shall be convicted thereof, he shall be guilty of felony, and trans-

From whence it seems dearly to follow, that there may be an ajfatilt, which will not amount to an affray.

Any one who fees others fighting, may lawfully part them, , r-c. and also ltay them till the heat be over, and then deliver them to the constable to be carried before a justice, to find sureties for the peace.

A constable is bound at his peril to use his bell endeavours 1 Haw. 137. to part an affray; and to demand the assistance of others, which if they refuse to give him, they are punishable with fine and imprisonment. — And he may either carry the often-

ported for 14 years.

N affray is a public offence to the terror of the ling's ful-jccls; so called because it affrighteth and maketh men

afraid.

When so considered, Sec St den G;tjs.

B

' der

2

Affray.

der before a just ice, to find sureties for the peace, or he may imprison him of his own authority for a reasonable time, till the heat be over, and also afterwards detain him till he find such surety by obligation, — But a constable hath no power to arrestaman for an affray done out of his own view, without a warrant from a justice, unlessa felony were done, or likely to be done; for it is the proper business of a constable to prc-serve the peace, and not to punish the breach of it. t Ifow. 137. A justice of the peace cannot without a warrant authorize the arrest of any person for att affray out of his own view; yet he may make his warrant to bring the offender before him, in order to compel him to find sureties for the peace.

1 Haa. 13s. affrays in general are punishable by fine and imprisonment. "

Alehouses.

IF an alehouse lodges and entertains travellers, it is also an inn.

Two justices (1 may esquire of innholders, and of all and Angular other persons, who shall offend in the abuse of weights and measures, or in the sale of victuals. *

5 G. 3. t. 46. Every, person, lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, without licence (except in 'fairs, and except retailers of spirituous liquors without 9 G. 3. c. 6, licence, for whom other penalties are provided by law) shall forfeit for the first offence 40s. and also the colls and expences of conviction; if not paid within 14 days after conviction, the offender to be imprisoned for one month, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty, and the colls,; for the second offence 4I. and also the colls, and expences of conviction; if not paid within one week, to be imprisoned two months, unless he shall sooner pay the penalty, and the colls; for the third offence 61. and also the colls and expences of conviction; if not paid within three days, to be imprisoned for three months, unless he shall -sooner pay the penalty, and the cods; and the like penalty for every other offence after the third, as for the third offence. All which colls and expences shall be ascertained by the justice before whom the offender shall be convicted. One moiety of all which penalties and forfeitures shall be to the king; and the other moiety, and all such costs, charges, and expences, to the prosecutor. — The same to be heard and determined by one justice : who shall fsummon the party accused, and the' witnesses; and shall proceed to hear the matter, and examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment; and if he convict the party accused, and such party shall refuse to pay the penalty.

N. B. This exception holds only with respect to fairs in Sat land* f See Appendix, No. 7S.

with

Alehouses.

with the colls, he shall issue his warrant for apprehending and Committing to prison every such offender, for such time, and in such manner, as the nature of the offence shall require.

Where a justice shall suspect that any person fells without 56c. e, licence, he may call such person before him, and also any excise-officer' to produce his Hock-book ; and may examine such officer on oath in what manner he charges such person, and how such person pays the duties; and'if it shall appear, that such person is surveyed as a victualler or retailer, and is-chargcdwith the same duties that victuallers and retailers arc charged with, he shall be deemed an alehouse-keeper, victualler, retailer, or feller thereof.

Witness neglecting or refusing to appear upon summons at 5 <? 3. the time-and place appointed, without a reasonable excuse to be allowed by such justice, or appearing and refusing to be . examined on oath and give evidence, shall forfeit 20s.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved by the 5 <7. 3. conviction of such justice, he may appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

If any person shall fell or deliver any beer or ale, to any 4 '] c. person that shall then fell beer or ale as a common tipler or alehousekeeper, (except it be for the use of his houshold only) the same person not having licence to fell ale or beer; he shall forfeit for every barrel 6s. 8d. and so proportionably for other quantities; half to the poor, and half to him that shall sue in sessions, by action of debt, information, indictment, or presentment.

No licence shall be granted to any person to keep a com- -G--mon inn or alehouse, but at a general meeting of the justices ~6G": acting in the -division where the said person dwells, to be holden for that purpose, on the lirft day of September yearly,'

or within twenty days after, and not at any other time__

This shall not alter the power or the time of granting li- 2 cences, in cities and towns corporate. " '

The day and place for granting licences shall be appointed 26 G. by two or more justices for the division, by warrant under their hands and seals, at lead: ten days before such meeting, directed to the high constables, requiring them to order their petty constables, or other peace officers, to give notice to the several innkeepers and alehousekeepers within their respective conllablewicks, of the day and place of such meeting. And all licences granted at any other time and place shall be void.

— And no licence shall be granted to any person not licensed the year preceding (except in cities or towns corporate) unless he produce a certificate under the hands of the minister and the major fart of the churchwardens and overseers, or else of three or four reputable and substantial houlhoiders of the place, setting forth that such person is of good same and of sober life and conversation; and it shall be mentioned in B 2 such

3

C.

e, 46s

c. 46. 4.

zS.

- c. 31.

2.C.zS. Zjc.31.

2. f. 31.

4

Strange 881. ;6 G. 2. c. 13.

5^6 Ed. 6. 26 Cro. 2.

<W(. e. 176,

56 G. 2. c. 3.

S?68i 6. ?5i

Alehouses.

such licence that such certificate was produced, otherwise the

the licence shall be void.

A mandamus will not lie to compel the justices to license any person. '

No justice of the peace, being a common brewer of ale or beer, innkeeper, or distiller, or a feller of or dealer in ale or spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades, or being a victualler or malfter, shall be capable, or have any power to grant licences for felling ale or beer or any other liquors, but the same shall be void.

The person licensed shall enter into a recognizance in 10I. with two sureties in 5I. each, or one surety in 10I. as well against the uling of unlawful games, as also for the uling and maintenance of good order and rule, to be had and used within the same.

These three things are especially recommended to the justices' care, 1. That no alehousekeeper, upon the Lord's day, should receive, or suffer to remain, any persons whatsoever, as their guelts, in any of their houses or other places, to tipple, eat or drink; other than travellers, and such as come upon necessary business. 2. That they suffer no person whatever, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain there after the hour of nine in the evening in winter, and ten in summer. 3. That they suffer no person, resorting to their houses only to eat and drink, to remain tipling there above one hour, other than travellers.

. The recognizance, with the condition thereof, fairly written or printed, shall forthwith, or at the next sessions at far-theft, be sent or returned to the clerk of the peace, under the hands of the justices, to be by him entered or filed among the records. — And for every licence granted, without taking such recognizance 5 and for every such recognizance taken, and not sent or returned; every justice signing such licence, shall forfeit 3I. 6sl 8d. to him who shall sue, together with coils. — The clerk of the peace shall keep a regiller or calendar of all such recognizances, and shall deliver to the justices, at the meeting for granting licences, a true copy of such regiller or calendar. — And for every recognizance shall be paid by the clerks of the justices taking such recognizances, to the clerk of the peace, for filing or recording the same, &c. is. which shall be paid to the clerks of the said justices, by the persons licensed, over and above the fees payable to the said justices' clerks.

t. The justices shall have power, in their quarter-sessions, to enquire of all such persons as shall be admitted and allowed to keep any alehouse or tiplinghouse, and that they be so bound by recognizance, if they have done any act whereby they have forfeited the same recognizance, and they shall upon such presentment or information award process against every

Alehouses. 5

such person so presented or complained of before them, to

ftiew why he should not forfeit his recognizance ; and ill all have power to hear and determine the same, by all such ways and means, as by their discretion shall be thought good.

Any justice, on complaint or information that such licensed 20 G. 2. r.31. person hath committed-.any act, whereby in the judgment of such justice the recognizance may be forfeited, may, by summons under hand and seal, require such person to up-pear at the general or quarter-sessions, then and there to answer to the matter of such complaint or information; and also may bind the complainant, or any other person in recognizance, to appear and give evidence; and the sessions 'may direct the jury, which shall there attend for the trial of traverses, or some other jury of twelve honeit and substantial men, to be then arid there impannelled by the sheriff without fee, to enquire thereof; and if the jury find that such person hath done any act, whereby the recognizance is broken, such act being specified in such complaint or information, the court may adjudge him guilty; which verdict and adjudication shall be final j and thereupon the court shall order the recognizance to be ellreated into the Exchequer, to be levied to his majesty's use; and the said person shall be disabled to fell any ale, &c. for three years. Provided, that the julliccs, at the request of the prosecutor, or of the party complained of, or either of his sureties, may adjourn the trial to the then next sessions.t — And if any person shall be disabled, by conviction, to fell ale, beer, cyder or perry, he shall, by the same conviction, be disabled to fell any spirituous liquors, any licence before obtained for that purpose notwithstanding j which said conviction shall be certified to the next sessions, to be filed amongst the records.

If any licensed person shall die or remove out of his house 2(, 29 G. 2. so licensed, his executors, administrators or assigns, or the occupier thereof, may continue during the residue of the term, without any new licence or certificate.

If any alehouse shall become empty or unoccupied after the ge- ,9 <j. 2. c. 12. neral day for licensing (the occupier whereof was duly licensed the year preceding) two justices at a petty sessions may grant a licence to any new tenant- or occupier till the next general licensing day, obtaining first a certificate as abovementioned.

The justices in Easter sessions yearly (and mayors in cor- % EUc. 9. porations) shall rate the price of all barrels, kilderkins, firkins, and other vessels to be sold for ale or beer to be uttered therein: Arid if any cooper-shall not fell the same according to such rate, lie shall forfeit 3s. +d.; half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

Every barrel of beer, within the bills of mortality, shall 12 C. 2. r If. be 36 gallons, and the barrel of ale 33 gallons; and in all

other

6 Alehouses.

other places, 34- gallons, 'shall be reckoned for a barrel of beer or ale.

it & u W- All innkeepers, alehouse-keepers; and other retailers of c. 15. ale or beer, shall retail and fell the same in and from, their

houses, by a full ale-quart or ale-pint, according to the Itand-ard of the Exchequer, in a vessel made and lized to the stand-ard, and signed, damped, or marked, either from the Exchequer, or from some city, town-corporate, borough, or market-town where a standard ale-quart or pint, made from the said llandard, shall be kept for that purpose; on pain of forfeiting not above 40s. nor under-10s. for every offence, half to the poor, and half to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered before one .justice, by the oath of one witness, and to be levied by warrant of distress. The

prosecution to be'within 30 days_____And every mayor, or

chief officer, shall, on request to him made, cause all aie-quarts and ale-pints, made of good and wholesome. materials, which shall be brought to him, to be measured with the stand-ard in his cnllody, and shall then cause the same to be signed, llaniped, and marked with W R and a crown, for which they shall not receive above one farthing for each measure, on pain of5J. -.

ija.r.a. If any innkeeper, victualler, or alehouse-keeper, or ta-verri-keeper keeping an inn or victualling-house, shall fuller any inhabitant to continue drinking or tipling therein (except such as shall be invited by any traveller during his ne-ccssary abode there; and except labouring and handicraftsmen in cities, &c. upon the usual working days, for one hour at dinner-time, to take their diet in an afehouse; and except labourers and workmen, which, for the time of their said continuing in work there, sojourn, lodge, or viflual in any inn, &c.) he shall, on conviction thereof before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view or confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 10s. to the poor. The same to be levied by the constables or churchwardens by way of distress ; and for default of satisfaction in six days, the distress to be appraised and fold; rendering the overplus; and for want of sufficient distress, the party offending to be committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid. And if the constable or churchwardens do neg-lofl their duty in levying, or do not levy the penalties; or in default of distress, do neglect to" certify the default; by the space of 20 days, to such mayor or justice; every person so offending, shall forfeit 40s. to the poor, to be levied by way of distress by warrant from such mayor or justice; the distress to be detained six days; in which time, if payment be not made, the goods to be appraised and fold, returning the overplus; for want of which distress, the constable or churchwarden so offending, to be by fu'ch mayor or justice

committed

Alehouses. J

committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the penalty be truly paid.

The said offence may Be enquired of and presented before 4 j„, c. 5, justices of assize, justices of the peace in their sessions, mayors in corporations, and in the leet.

If anyjtlchouse-keeper shall suffer any inhabitant to con- *i j„. c.-,. tinue drihking or tipling therein as aforesaid, he shall be dif. abled for the space of three years to keep any such alehouse. ~

If any person (unless those before excepted) shall continue 1 Jit. c. 9. drinking or tipling, in any inn, or alehouse, he shall, on conviction thereof, before the mayor or a justice of the peace, on view, confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit for every offence 3s. ^d. within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor: And if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress: And if he be not able to pay, the justice may punish the offender, by setting him in the Hocks for every offence by the space of four hours.

The offender to be presented, indicted, or convicted in fix 4 Ja, c. j, months.

And all constables, churchwardens, aleconners, and fidef- si J,t. c. 7. men, shall, in their several oaths incident to their offices, be charged to present the said offence. And if any alehouse- 7 Ja. e. 10. keeper shall be convicted of the said offence, he shall moreover for the space of three years be disabled to keep any such 21 Ja. c. 7. alehouse.

All constables, churchwardens, aleconners, and ftdefmen, 4 ja. c. 5. shall be sworn to present the offence of drunkenness.

Every person, who shall be drunk, and thereof shall be si ja. c. 7. convicted before one justice, or mayor, on view, confession, or oath of one witness, shall forfeit for the first offence 5s. to be paid within one week, to the churchwardens, for the use of the poor; and if he shall refuse, it shall be levied by distress ; and if the offender be not able to pay the said sum of 5s. he shall be committed to the Hocks, there to remain for the space of fix hours.

And if any constable, or other inferior officer, do neglect 4 Ja. 5. the due correction of the offender, every person so offending shall forfeit 10s. to be paid to the churchwardens, for the use. of the poor. And if any person once convicted of drunkenness, shall after that be again convicted of the like offence, he shall be bounden with two sureties in a recognizance or obligation of 10I. with condition to be from henceforth of good behaviour.

If any alehouse-keeper shall be convicted of being drunk, 7 Ja. t. is, he shall, besides the penalties above-mentioned, be utterly disabled to keep any such alehouse, for the space of three years next ensuing the conviction.

Ntic,--The Universities are generally excepted out of these acts concerning alehouses.

Annuities.

8

j Ami. !

M-

5 £/. r. 4.

iS C. 3. c. 47 43 £/. c. a.

S®o»r.f.3

Annuities.

BY several acts, oath of an annuitant's life is to be. 'made before a justice of the peace, who shall give a certificate thereof, in order to entitle such person to receive his annuity.

Apples and Pears.

THE measure shall be round, and in diameter eighteen^ inches and a- half within th'e: hoop, and- eight inches deep; and so in proportion : and whosoever shall fell or buy any apples or pears-by any other measure, shall forfeit 10s, half to the informer, and half to the poor, on conviction on the oath of one witness, before one justice (dr mayor), to be levied by the petty constable by warrant of the said justice, by distress and sale. But this shall riot extend to any measure sealed and allowed by the fruiterers' company in London.

Apprentices.

IF any person, under the age of 21, shall be required by any housholder, using half a ploughland at lead in tillage^ to be an apprentice and to serve in husbandry or other art, and shall refuse so to do, then on complaint of such housekeeper to one justice (or head officer) he shall fend for the person refusing; and if he shall think the said person meet to serve, and such person refuse to be bound, he may commit him to ward, there to remain, until he be contented, and will be bound.

. ' The churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, by the act'ent of two justices (] $K) may bind any such children, whose parents they shall judge not able to maintain them, to be apprentices where they shall see convenient, till such man child Hull come to the age of '21, and such woman child to the age of 21 or marriage; the same to be as effectual to all purposes, as if such child were of full age, and by indenture of covenant bound him or herself,

0. And where any poor child shall be appointed to be bound apprentice by the 43 EL the person to whom he is appointed to be bound, shall receive and provide for him, and also execute the other part of the indentures; and if he shall refuse

so

Apprentices. 9

so to do, oath being thereof made by one of the churchwardens or overseers, before two justices, he shall forfeit iol. by distress and sale, by warrant of such justices, to the use of the ; poor of the parish or place where the offence was committed;

. saving always to the person to whom any poor child shall be ; appointed to be bound apprentice, if he shall think himself ! aggrieved thereby, his appeal to the next sessions, whose or-; der therein shall be final.

Directors and guardians of the poor, in particular incorpo- 20 q,

: rated hundreds or districts, have the same powers to bind poor children ; and every inhabitant, being an 'occupier of lands in the parish, is bound under the same penalties to receive and provide for them.

N. B, If the mailer is dissatisfied, he may appeal to the sessions.

Choice shall always be made of the poorest children; and no such apprentice shall be above 15 years of age when bound.

It shall be lawful for two justices, and for the head-officers 2 S' 3 Am. c, -5 in corporations, and for the churchwardens and overseers of the several parishes or townships, with the consent of such justices or head-officers, to bind and put out any boy of the age of ten years or upwards, or who shall be chargeable, or whose parents shall be chargeable, or who shall beg for alms, to be an apprentice to the sea-servicej to any subject being mailer or owner of any ship or vessel, until he shall attain the age of zi years.

And every person to whom any poor boy shall be put apprentice by the 43 El. may, with the consent of two justices dwelling near the parish where such poor boy was bound, or with the like consent of the chief officer in a corporation, at the request of the mailer, his executors, administrators or assigns, by indenture allign over such poor boy apprentice, to any mailer or owner of a ship or vessel, uling the lea-fer-vice, during the remaining time of his apprenticeship. — The boy's age shall be inserted in the indenture, being truly taken from a copy of the entry in the regiller-book (where it can be had), which copy shall be given and attelted by the mini-ller without fee: And where no such entry can be found, two such justices, and such head officers, shall as fully as they can inform themselves of such boy's age, and from such information shall insert the same in the indentures__The col left or

in the port shall keep a register of all such apprentices in such ships, and from what parishes and places they were sent; and shall transmit (gratis) true copies thereof signed by him, to the quarter sessions, or to such towns corporate, parishes, or places, when and so often as he shall be reasonably required so to do; and every collector refilling or neglecting to

Every one, who by his profession, or manner of living, has occasion to keep servants, anil is approved of by the justices. Ball, c. 5S.

c

to

I

io ' Apprenticed i

fend such copy, shall forfeit 5I. to the poor of the parish j front whence such boy was bound. — Two justices near the i port, and mayors of towns corporate, in or near adjoining to such port to which such ship or vesselihall at any time'arrive,

. may determine all complaints of ill usage from the'mailer to ; such apprentice, and also of all such as shall voluntarily; put ; themselves apprentices to the sea fervxcc.--- All the penalties ! aforesaid shall, by warrant of two justices of the county, city, ; or town corporate, be levied by distress and sale. iG. 3. c. ij. Note,- — Mailers, apprentices, mariners, and others cm-!

ployed in fishing-vessels upon the coalts, arc exempted, dur- ] ing such their employment, from being impress'ed. [

5£/. c. 4. if any mailer shall misuse or evil intreat his apprentice,) or the said apprentice shall have any just cause to complain, ! or the apprentice do not- his duty to his mailer, then the j said mailer or apprentice being grieved, and having'cause j to complain, shall repair unto one justice; and if the said justice cannot compound and agree- the matter, he shall take bond of the said mailer to appear at the next sessions; and on his appearance, and hearing of the matter there, if it be thought meet to discharge the said apprentice, then the j ullices, or four of them at the lead (1 Qi) shall have power in writing under their hands and seals, to pronounce and declare, that they have discharged. the said apprentice of his appretiticehood, and the cause thereof : And the said writing, being inrolled among the records, shall be a sufficient discharge for the apprentice against his mailer, Kis executors and adminiJlraiors. And if the default shall he found to be in the apprentice, then the said justice, &c. with the,allis-tance aforesaid, shall cause such due correction and punilli-inent to be adriiinillered unto him, as by their ivifdom and difcrctions shall be thought meet,

2. e, 19. . On complaint unto two justices, by any parish. or other apprentice, upon whose binding out no larger a sum than 5I. was pifld, concerning any ill-treatment, they may summon the mailer or millrefs; and on proof upon oath of the truth of the said complaint, the said justices may discharge' the apprentice, for which warrant or certificate no lee shall be paid. And such justices on complaint on oath by any mailer or millrefs, against any such apprentice, .concerning any misdemean, miscarriage, or ill behaviour, may hear anil determine the same, and punish the offender, by commitment to the house of correction, there to remain and be cor-refled, and held to hard labour for a reasonable time, not exceeding one kalendar month, or otherwise by discharging Inch apprentice.

Pet fens aggrieved by any determination, order or warrant of such justices, may appeal to the next sessions, who may award eolls to either party not exceeding 40s. to be levied by distress and faic.

If

Apprentices. M

If any apprentice shall flee into any other shire, the justices 5 £/. c, 4. may ifluc1 writs of capias to the sheriffs of the counties, to take his body, that he may be put in prison, till he finds sufficient surety well and honestly to serve his mailer.

If a justice shall ifl'ue a warrant against such person, and he H 55* i shall escape.into another shire,' the constable or other person, on having the warrant indorsed by a justice in such other . shire, may arrest him there, and carry him before a justice in such other shire, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall carry him back before a justice in the shire from whence the warrant did first issue.

If an)- apprentice shall absent himself from his matter's fer- 6 C. 3. c. 53. vice, before the term of his apprenticeship shall be expired, he shall, at any time thereafter, whenever he shall be found (so it be within seven years after the expiration of his term) be compelled to fare his said mailer, for so long time as he shall have absented himself; unless he shall make satisfaction to his mailer for the ldfs he shall have sustained by such absence; and if he shall refuse so to serve, or to make satisfaction, the mailer may complain upon oath to one justice where he shall reside, who shall issue his warrant for apprehending such apprentice. And such justice, on hearing the complaint, may determine what satisfaction shall be made to such matter by the apprentice. And if the said apprentice shall not give (ccurity to make satisfaction according to such determination, such justice may commit him to the honfc of correction for any time'not exceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved by such determination, order, or warrant of the justice (except any order of commitment) may appeal to the next sessions.

Provided, that, nothing herein shall extend to the stannaries in Devon or Cornwall; or to impeach or lefl'en the jurisdiction of the chamberlain of London, or of any other court within the said city, touching apprentices; nor to any apprentice, whose master shall have received with him the sum of 10I.

' Servants going away with their mailer's goods, with intent , //. s. c. 7. to (leal them,' shall be guilty of felony; but not to extend to apprentices.

Persons Healing to the value of 40s. being in a dwelling- iz/but. fl.i. c. house or' outhouse thereto belonging, tho' such house be not 7-broken, and tho' no person be therein, are excluded from the benefit of clergy. But this not to extend to apprentices under 15 years of age ; but if they be 15 years of age, they shall be guilty as other persons.

If the master dies, the apprentice goes to the executor or administrator to be maintained, if there are assets; but the executor or administrator may bind him to another master for the remaining part of his time,

C e

Arraignment.

a 11.11. uC.

a 11.11. si9.

34 Id. 3. c. 1.

jBurii> vil. I. p 100.

34 C. i. c. 53.

Dull. c. 171.

S6.

1II. II. 5Sj. a 11.11.117. Dalt. c. 169. 3 W. 1J. 151.

Arraignment.

ARRAIGNMENT is nothing else but the calling the of* fender to tf^e bar of the court, to answer the matter charged upon him.

The prisoner on his arraignment, though under an indictment of the highell crime, must be brought to the bar without irons and all manner of lhackles or bonds, unless there be a danger of escape, and then he may be brought with irons.

Arrest.

POWER is given to the justices of the peace, to arrest all those whom they find by indictment, or by ftifpicion, and to put them in prison.

By the justices' oath of office, the warrant ought not to be directed to the party, but to some indifferent person, to execute it.

Constables and others may, on having the warrant indorsed by a justice in another county, into which an offender shall have escaped, arreff an offender in such other county, and carry him before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or some other justice or justices of such other county, if the offence is bailable, to find bail; or else Ihajl carry him back again before a justice in the county from whence the warrant did first issue.

Any justice, or the sheriff, may take of the county any number that he shall think meet, to pursue, arrest, and imprison traitors, murderers, robbers, and other felons; or such as do break, or go about to break, or disturb the king's peace: and every man, being required, ought to assist and

aid them, on pain of fine and imprisonment_____Where a

justice, sheriff, or other officer, is enabled to take the power Of the county, it seemeth they may command and ought to have the aid and attendance of all knights, gentlemen, yeomen, husbandmen, labourers, tradesmen, servants, mid apprentices, and of all other persons being above the age of fifteen years, and able to travel — And in such case it is referred to the discretion of the justice, sheriff, or other officer, what number they will have to attend on them, and how and after what manner they shall be armed or otherwise furnished.

1. Doors may be broken open upon a warrant from a justice of the peace, to find sureties for the peace or good behaviour — 2. An officer upon any warrant from a justice, either for the peace or good behaviour, or in any case where the king

Arrest. 13

king is party, may by force break open a man's knife, to 2 ir„w. 86. arrest the offender. 3. On awarrant to search for stolen goods, 1 Hmu. 137. the doors may be broke open, if the goods are there; and if1 they are not there, the constable seems indemnified, but he that made the suggestion, is punishable. 4. Where forcible . entry or detainer is found by inquisition before justices of the peace, or appears on their view. 5.. On the warrant of a justice of the peace for the levying of a forfeiture, in execution of a judgment, or conviction for it, grounded on any statute, which gives the whole or any part of such forfeiture to the king. 6. Where an affray is made in a house, in the view or hearing of the constable, he may break open the doors to take them. 7. If there be disorderly drinking or noise in a house, at an unseasonable'time of night, especially in inns, taverns, or alehouses, the constable or his watch, demanding entrance, and being refused, may break open the doors, to fee and suppress the disorder.

If the constable come unto the party, and require, him to Dait.e. tjS. go before the justice, this is no arrest nor imprisonment. -When a private person hath arrested a felon, or one fuf- r II. 11, 5S9. fpcfted of felony, he may deliver him to the constable, who may either carry him to gaol, or to a justice of the peace, or he may carry him immediately to a justice of the peace.

If the ^constable, or his watch, hath arrested affrayers, or a if.//. 95. persons drinking in an alehouse at an unseasonable time of night, he may put the persons in the flocks, or in the prison, if there be one in thevill, 'till the heat of their passion or intemperance is over, tho' he deliver them afterwards; or 'till he can bring them before a justice.

If the arrest is by virtue of a warrant to bring the party be- 1 //.jjfe, fore the justice who granted the warrant specially, then the 2 H. 11.112. officer is bound to bring him before the same justice; but if the warrant be to bring him before any justice of the county, then it is in the eleilion of the officer, to bring him before what justices he thinks fit, and not in the cleflion of the prisoner.'

And when he hath brought him to the justice, yet he is in a //, //. I20i law Hill in his custody, till the justice discharge, or bail, or commit him.

. No action shall be brought against any constable or other 24. c. 2. e. 44.

officer, or person ailing by his order, and in his aid, for any

thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the

peace, until demand hath been made of the perusal and copy

of such warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected

for six days after such demand.

Assault

u

Assault and Battery.

ittiw. 133.

1 Haw. 134.

1 Haw. 130.

I Haw. lyj-

ASSAULT is an attempt or offer, with force and violence; to do a corporal hurt to another, by linking at him with or without a weapon ; or by any other such like aft, done in an angry, threatening manner.

One charged with an assault and battery, may be found guilty of the assault, and yet acquitted of the battery; but every battery includes an assault.

If an officer, having a lawful warrant, lay hands on another to arrcll him, or if a parent in a reasonable manner chastise a child, a mailer his apprentice, a school-mallerhis scholar; in all these cases, and such like, it is justifiable. -Where a man in his own defence beats another who first affaults him, he may take advantage thereof, both upon an indictment, and upon an action.

Assizes.

Cnwn Gre. A 1*1* justices of the peace, mayors, &c. of that county

Comp. 4. Jjl where the judges have their assizes, are bound to be present; and if they make default, without lawful impediment, the judges may set a fine upon them for their neglect.

Attorney.

r c. 1. iS. TWTO attorney or solicitor shall be capable to continue or be

J J. sj a justice of the peace, during such time as he shall continue in the business and praflice of an attorney or solicitor.

Auction.

sgC. 3. r. 56. TVTO person exercising the trade or business of an auCcio-JL % neer, shall presume to deal in, vend, or fell, any ellate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise,' by way of auction, without taking out a licence. If any person shall act without such licence, he shall forfeit iool. if within the bills; and elsewhere, 50I.

If the sale shall be rendered void, by reason that the person, for whose benefit the ellate or goods were fold, had no title or right to dispose thereof, the auctioneer, who paid the duty,

may

Bail. 15

may complain to the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace within whose jurisdiction respectively the sale was made, who may hear and determine all such complaints, and relieve the party complaining of so much as shall appear to have been overpaid.

[Backing a Warrant. See Warrant.]

Bail.

BAIL lignifies the delivery of a man out of custody, upon Balts, PI. 96.

the undertaking of one or more persons for him, that he shall appear at a day limited, to answer and be jellified by the law. — The difference between bail and mainprise is, that mainpernors are only surety, but bail is a custody.

If a person be brought before a justice, if it appears that Buie's, PI. 9S. no feloriy is committed, he may discharge him; but if a felony be committed, tho' it appears not that the party accused is guilty, yet he cannot discharge him, but mull commit or bail him.

In case of homicide, the offender is not bailable. ihfl. j36.

If a person has dangeronfly wounded another, the justice ought to be very cautious how he takes bail, till the year and day be pall.

No dillinftion between such homicide as is malicious, and that which happens by misadventure or in self-defence.

Any two justices {1 ijJ.) may of common right bail persons indicted tit the sessions.

If a person be arrelled for manjlaugliler, or felony, or suffi- i&iP.&Hf-non thereof, being bailable by law, he shall not be let to baile-1V or mainprise by any justices, but in open sessions, except it lie by two justices at the leall (1 QJ and the same to be present together at the time of the said bailment.

And the said justices, or one of them, being of the quorum, shall take the examination of the said prisoner, and information of them that bring him, and the same, or as much thereof as shall be material to prove the felony, shall be put in writing before they make the bailment: Which examination, together with the bailment, the said justices shall certify at the next general gaol delivery to be holden within the limits of their commission.

And the said justices shall have power to bind all such by recognizance as do declare any thing material to prove the offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery to give evidence against the party on his trial And shall certify the same in like manner.

Jn

i6 Banks destroying.

In London, Middlesex, and in other cities and towns corporate, justices may let prisoners to bail, as they might be. fore this act ; but when they do bail, they are to take and certify the bail and examination as is here directed. iJP.fess.t. c.*. By the declaration of rights, excessive bail ought not to be required.

2 Ham. qo. To refule bail, where the party ought to be bailed, is a misdemeanor punishable by indictment.

. H. V. 97. Admitting bail, where it ought not, is punishable by the judges of assize by fine; or punishable as a negligent escape at common law.

Burn. V. I. p. Altho' the constable by his own authority, without any *51. warrant of commitment, may carry offenders to gaol, yet,

since the inflitution of the office of justices of the peace, it is better that they be carried before a justice, to be sent by him to gaol by warrant of commitment.

Xi. The warrant of commitment ought to set forth the cause

especially; that is to say, not for treason, or felony in general, but treason for. counterfeiting the king's coin, or felony for feeding the goods of fuels a one to fetch a <value, and the like; that the court may judge whether the offence is such, for which a prisoner ought to be admitted to bail.

Banks destroying.

6G. 2. c. 37. TF any person shall unlawfully and maliciously break down A or cut down the bank of any river or sea bank, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or damaged, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

10 G. 2. c. 32. And if any person shall remove any materials, driven into the ground, and used for the securing any marlh or sea-walls, or banks, on complaint or information thereof made upon oath to any justice residing near the place, such justice'shall summon the party complained of, or shall issue his warrant to apprehend and bring such person before him; and upon his appearance, or neglect to appear, he shall proceed to examine the fast, and upon due proof thereof made either, by confession, or oath of one witness, shall convict the offender; who shall thereupon forfeit 20I. half to the informer, and half to the overseer for the use of the poor, to be levied by distress and falc: for want of sufficient distress, to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for flx months.

Bankrupt.

*7

Bankrupt. '

NO commission of bankruptcy shall be issued dn the petition j c< c_ j8 of one or more creditors, unless the Angle debt of such creditor, or of two or more being partners, amount to iool.; or of two such creditors petitioning amount to i jol.; or of

three or more to 200I_On certificate under the hands and

seals of the of, that such a commission is ifiuedj and such a person proved before them to become bankrupt, any judge, or justice of the peace, shall, on application to them for that purpose made, grant their warrant for the taking and apprehending such person, and commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he be removed by order of the of by their warrant — The bankrupt, after assignees shall be appointed, shall deliver up to them on oath (to be administered by a mailer in chancery, or justice of the peace) all his books of account, papers, and writings not seized by the messenger of the commission, and not before delivered up, and then in his power, and discover such as are in the power of others.

Barratry.

BA R-R A T R Y signifies a quarrel or contention. 34 Ed. 3. c. 1.

The jujliees of the peace shall have power to ref rain all barrators, and to pursue, arrest, take, and chafife them, according to their trespass or offence.

Bastards.

WE term all by the name of bastards, that are born otlt of j 1rjj, 144.

lawful marriage; but if the issue be born within a month, or a day, after marriage between parties of full lawful age, the child is legitimate.

Though the husband and wife are both in England, if 3. G. 2. ^ there, is suficient proof that he had no access to her, the child fendnUtS Pm-will be a baftafd. n '

But this'non-access of the husband ought to be proved otherwise than upon the wife's oath:

If any single woman shall be delivered of ahaltard child, bG.t. c. 31. which shall be chargeable, or likely to become chargeable, or shall declare herself to be with child, and that such child is likely to be born a bailard, and to be chargeable; and shall, in either.of such cases, in an 'examination to be taken

See Appendix, No. S. or No. 10.

D in

Bastards.

in writing, upon oath, before one justice of the county, city, f or town corporate, where such parish or place shall lie' j charge; any ,pcf son with having gotten; her with! child ;-..it shall be lawful; for such justice,. upon, application made, to him by the overseers of the pqor. of, such parish, or.onc of them, or . by any substantial housholder of an extraparochial. place; to ' illiie out his .‘umrrant for the .immediate apprehending such : p.erfpn Jo .charged-.as. aforesaid, and for. bringing-him before i such justice, or before- any other' of his .maj'efty's justices of ; the;.peace of such comity, city,-or town corporateAnd the t justice', before whom.-such perlo-ii (half be brought, shall com- ; mit..him to.the, common gaol dr house of correction, unless he ! shall give fcciirity to indciiinify such.parish or place, or shall cnterinto a.prccognizance,' With'suficient surety, upon condition to appear at. the next general quarter feflioris, or general. sessions..of the-peace,. ; .

; If the constable, having a ivarrant to apprehend the reputed father, shall willingly or negligently suffer liim' to escape, he maybe bound over to the-sessions, and there indicted, fined, and imprisoned. -.!

And if such woman shall die, or be married, before lhe shall be delivered, or mifearry of such child, or shall appear not to have been with child, at the'time of her examination, such person shall be discharged from his recognizance at the: next sessions, or immediately released out of custody.by warrant of one justice residing in or near the limits .where such 'j'ariftr or place, shall' lie'; who ftiallfunimon the overseers of the-pobr to appear before him, to shew cause why such person should not be discharged. '

It shall not be lawful for any justice to- fend for any woman, before lhe shall be delivered, and one month after, in order to her being examined - concerning her pregnancy j or to compel any woman', before "lhe shall be delivered, to answer any quci'ions relating, to her pregnancy. jS Eli*. t. 3. If Security hath not been given to indemnify, the parish, two jufcices (i yb) in or next unto the' limits where the parish chinch is, within which parish such bastard shall be born, upon examination of the cause and circumstan'cc, shall am! may, by their discretion, take order, as welj.for the puiiifli-nient of the mother and reputed'father, as aKoforthe better relief of such parish, in part or in all; and shall and may, by like discretion, take order for the keeping of every such bastard child, by charging such mother or. reputed, father, with the payment of money weekly, or other fiiftcntation, so; the relief of such child, in such ways as they shall think mee: and convenient: and if the mother or reputed father shall not (ibl'erve am! perform tile said order, every such party it

Src Arwndit, No. 9.

t S.'z Ar.H-ndix, No. iz.

jnakitii

Bastards.

making default shall be committed to ward to the common I gaol, there to remain withoucibail.or mainprise, except lie or the shall put in sufficient surety to' perform the said order, or . else personally to appear at the next general sessions of the i peace, f ' :

; All justices of the peace,'within'theirfcyeral limits and pre. t

Icimfts, and in their several sessions, xriay 'do and execute ail 1 things concerning that part of the' Ibid.statute of iSEtiz-. that i by the justices'iii.tliciffeycral counties are by the said'ilatute limited tabe'doiiqi ' .

' If the twbnext justices -make not provision for the.bastard,1 /,/. i the justices at their quarteNfeflions shall 'settle an'order for ! keeping of'tRc bastard, as the ttvo next justices ought.

Concerning liaftards, being left to.be kept at the charges of 18 FI. e. the' parish where born, the1,two'.next justices shall lake order therein, as' tycll for the punishment of the mother and reputed father, as for the relief of the, parish. ' ....

Every lewd woman, who shall have any bastard., which 77. r. 4 may be chargeable to the parish, the justices of the peace shall commit her to the house of correction, there to be punish-cd and set to work, during the term of one whole year; and if Hie shall eftfoons offend again, then to be committed to the said house of correction as aforesaid, and there to remain, until (lie can put in good sureties for her good behaviour, not to ohend so again.

If the putative father or lewd mother of a bastard child run 13 14

away out of the parish, undleaye the bastard children upon r- the charge of the parish where they are born, although they have estates sufficient to discharge the parish; it shall be lawful for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of stich parish to take and seize so much of the goods, and receive so much of the annual'rents priprofits of the lands of litch putative: father or lewd mother, as shall be ordered by any two justices, toward the discharge of the parish, to be confirmed at the sessions, for the bringing up and providing lor such bastard child; and thereupon the sessions may make an order for the'churchwardens, or overseers of the poor of such prrish, to dispose of the goods by sale or otherwise, or so much of them for the purpqfcs aforesaid, as the court shall think fit, and to,'receive the rents and profits of the lands, or so, much of them as shall be so ordered by the sessions.

If any woman be delivered of a bastard, and lhe endeavour 7. „ so to conceal the death thereof, as that it may1 not come to light, whether'it were born alive or not, but be concealed,

(lie shall- fufter death as in case of murder, except (lie 'can prove, by one witrie'fs at least, that the child was born dead.

See Appendix, No. 13.

In London or Middlesex there are lour general sessions In the year, bc-du'. gyamY-sessions.

D;

Bent.

A SORT of ruflt or Ihrub, growing on the north well coasts of England,

If any person, without consent of the owner, shall cut, pull up, or carry away any Harr or bent, on complaint there. ; of on oath to one justice, the offender shall be summoned, ' and on default of appearing, the justice shall issue jhis warrant tp apprehend and bring him before him; and being convicted i: on oath of .one witness, or confession, he shall forfeit 20s ; half to the informer, and half to the owner of the bent, by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, to be fcntto thg r Ijoufe of correction for three months, to be kept to hard la- 1 hour; and for a second offence, to be committed to the house } of correction for one year, to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

1. Inanyforeft, park, or grounds inclosed, wherein deer are or have been kept,

2. In any warren for hares or conies.

3. In any high road, open heath or common, &c.

4. Wounding, killing, or Healing red or fallow deer.

5. Robbing any warren for hares or conies,

6. Stealing any lish out of a river or pond.

By ferfins, -whether armed and difguijed,. or noli

7. Unlawfully wounding, destroying or Healing any red or fallow deer, in the king's forcfls or chafes inc]6fed, -

8. Breaking down the head or mound of a fish pond.

9. Maliciously killing, maiming, or wounding cattle.

10. Cutting down or deHroying trees planted for ornament, flicker, or profit.

11. Setting fire to any house, barn, hay-rick, flack of corn, Hraw, wood, &c.

12. Maliciously Ihooting at any person, in an house or elsewhere,

13. Sending a threatning letter, demanding money, or any thing valuable,

14. Rescuing any person in lawful custody for any of the said offences,

[Bigamy. See Polygamy.]-

Black Act.

FFENCES against this act:

15. Pro-

21

Black Act

15. Procuring any person, by gift or reward, to join in any such unlawful act.

16. Maliciously cutting down the bank of any river, or sea-bank.

17. Maliciously cutting any hop-binds growing on poles.

18. Maliciously setting.on fire any mine, pit, or delph of

coal, &c. ‘ '

Every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted (in any county in England) shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; but not to work corruption of blood, nor forfeiture of lands or goods.'

And the inhabitants of the hundred shall make satisfaction 27 El. e. 13. (not exceeding 200I.) for the damages; sustained by. No. 9,

10, 11, 16, 17, 18 — But no person shall Be .enabled tore-cover damages, unless he shall, by himself or servant, in two days after the damage done, give notice of the offence; and shall, in four days after such notice, give in his examination on oath, or the examination on oath of his servant, who had the care of the same, before a justice inhabiting in or near the hundred, whether lie knows the person or persons that committed the fast, or any of them; and if, upon such examination, it be confessed, that the examinant knows the said persons, or any of them, then such person confessing, shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute the offender by indictment or otherwise, according to law. And if an offender be apprehended and lawfully convicted, in six months after the offence committed, the hundred shall not be liable. And the action shall be commenced within one year after the offence committed. — And if any person shall be killed, or wounded so as to lose an eye, or the use of any limb, in apprehending or securing any such offender, on proof thereof made at the sessions, by the persons so wounded, or the executors or administrators of the party-killed, the justices.shall give a certificate thereof, by which they shall be intitled to receive of the sheriff col, in 30 days from the time the eerti- ficate shall be Ihcwea to him, on pain of forfeiting to the party 10I.

Blasphemy and Profaneness.

NO person shall have any benefit of the toleration aft, j ;k j,jt, fl who shall deny in his preaching or writing, the doc- 18. trine of the blessed Trinity, as it is set forth in the 39 articles.

If any person shall in any ltage-play, interlude, or shew, 3 y, Cl lt, jellingly or profanely speak or use the holy name of God, or of Christ Jesus, or of the Holy Ghost, or of the Trinity, he shall

2,2 Blasphemy and Profaneness.

shall forfeit iol. half to the king, and half to him that ihaK sue.

q 6f io ly. c. If any person, having been educated in, or at anytime hav-,3, ing made profession of the Christian religion in this- realm,

shall, by writing, printing, teaching, or.advised speaking, deny any one of the Persons in the Holy Trinity to be God ; or shall assert or maintain there are more gods than one ; qr shall deny-the Christian religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures to be of Divine authority; and shall be convicted;thereof, in any of the courts at Westminster, or at the assizes, on the "oaths of two witnesses, he shall, "for the first offence, be incapable a to have any office ccdeliastical, civil', or military (unless he shall renounce such.opinion in the .court where he was convicted, within spitr.months after such conviction); and for the second offence, he shall be disabled to be-plaintiff, guardian, executor, or administrator, to take any .'gift or legacy,' or to bear any office, and shall be imprisoiied for three years. But no person shall "be prosecuted for any words spoken,'uiilcfs the information be given to a justice of the peace, within four days after the words: spoken, and the prosecution of fuel) offence be within three months after such information.

Books.

; Am. e. 14. TF .any book shall be .taken, or otherwise loft, out of any A parochial library, any justice may grant his warrant to search for it; and if it shall be. found, it.shall, by order of such justice, be restored to the library,

Bread.

IT shall be lawful for the court, or for the person or persons herein authorised to set the aifr/.e of bread, to set or ascertain in any place within their jurisdiction, theaffize and weight of all sorts of bread, which shall be made for falc, or exposed to falc, and the price to be paid for the same, when and" as often as they shall think proper. — Where an assize shall be thought proper to be set, if any person shall.offend, and be convicted thereof,' by confession or oatKidf one witness,. before any magistrate or justice within the limits of their jurisdiction, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s.' nor less than 20s. — If the justices shall, in their fcllions, think lit to order that the assize of bread, which shall be set for such a particular hundred or place, may extend to or comprize such other hundred or place, it shall be lawful for them so to do. And an entry shall be made from time to time by the clerk of the market, or other person, of every return by him made; and also

Bread. '23

of the tate at which the price, assize, and weight of bread, shall be set within-his jurisdiction; which book any inhabitant may, at all seasonable times in the day, inspect without fee.i — It" any clerk of the market, or other person appointed to make returns, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to do any thing by this act required to be done by him, or shall designedly or knowingly make any false return, he shall, on conviction by ' oath of one witness, or by confession, forfeit not exceeding 10I. nor less than; 40s. — If any bread for sale shall be complained of for wanting weight, it shall be brought before feme justice within the jurisdiction, and weighed before him within three days after the same shall have been baked, fold, or exposed to sale; and the baker shall forfeit from is. to 5s. for every ounce that is wanting-; and from 6d. to as. 6d. for every deficiency less than an ounce; tinlefs it be made out to the satisfaction of- such magistrate or justice, on the behalf of the party complained of, that such deficiency in weight wholly arose from some unavoidable accident in baking, or otherwise, or was occasiojied by foine contrivance.or confederacy.

If information shall be given on oath, to any magistrate or 31G. 2. t. 21/, justice, that there is reasonable cause to suspect, that any miller or any maker of bread for sale doth mix up any ingredient, not the genuine produce of the -grain, it shall be lawful for any peace officer, authorized by the warrant of such magistrate or justice, at all seasonable times in the day-time, to enter into any house, bake-house, &c. and to search and examine whether any ingredient shall have been mixed up with, or put into any meal or flour, whereby the purity of any meal or flour shall be in any wise adulterated: And if any magistrate or justice, to whom any thing seized shall be brought, shall adjudge that any mixture or ingredients shall have been put into any such meal or flour; in such case, every such ma-giilrate or justice is hereby required to dispose of the same, us, he in his discretion shall think proper_The mayor of Lon-

don, or any alderman thereof, within the said city or liberties, and one justice within the several counties, ridings, &c. may hear and determine, in a luminary way, all oft'enecs against this act, and summon before him the party accused ; and if he shall not appear, then, on oath made of the offence by one witness, he shall issue his warrant for apprehending the offender; and shall proceed to enquire of the offence, and to examine any witness or witnesses, who shall be offered on either side upon oath, and shall convidl or acquit the party accused: And if the penalty, on such conviction, shall not be paid within 24 hours after such conviction, such magistrate or justice shall issue his warrant, directed to any peace-officer, to make distress; and if any offender shall convey' away his goods out of the jurisdiction of such magistrate or justice, then some magistrate or justice, within whose jurisdiction the offender shall have removed his goods, shall back the said warrant, and thereupon the penalty shall be levied by

distress.

24 Bread.

distress, within five days, or the distress shall be appraised and fold; and for want of such distress, fitch offender shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for one calendar month, unless payment shall be sooner made. If any person convicted shall think him'self aggrieved, he may appeal to the next feifions.

3 C. 3. c. 11, Other regulationshave.been ftnce made, altho' no assize is set,

and further provisions enacted. — Every .wheaten loaf shall be marked with a large Roman W; houshold with a large Roman H j and if any person shall fell or offer to sale any such loaf un- marked (except as to such loaves which shall be rasped by the desire of the purchaser for his own use) he shall forfeit for every such loaf; not exceeding 40s. nor less than 10s.; unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the justice to whom complaint shall be made, that the not marking arose from some ' unavoidable accident, or was occasioned by some contrivance ! or confederacy — And bread made of any other grain than wheat, shall be marked with some letter or letters not more than two, - as the justices in their general, quarter, or special feifions shall order, which order shall be entered in a book; ' and the justices shall cause a copy to be put up in some market or other town or public place within the division, or.

otherwise to be inserted in some public neivfpaper_It shall be lawful for any justice, or peace-officer authorized by warrant of such justice, to enter into any house, bake-house, &c. belonging to any baker or feller of bread; and to search, view, weigh, and try all or any bread which shall be there found: And if any bread shall, on any search or trial by any justice. or on proof made before him by the oath of one witness, be found to be deficient in weight, or not truly marked, or deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or wanting in the goodness of the Huff, or made with any mixture of meal or flour of any other grain than the same shall import to be made with, or with any thing in lieu of flour, or made with any leaven not allowed by the said former act, such justice, or peace-officer may seize the same, and dispose thereof to poor persons as to such justice shall seem fit; and the maker or feller shall forfeit not exceeding yl. nor less than 20s. — If any person shall obstruct or oppose any such search, or seizure of such bread, he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. — No miller, meatman, or baker, shall be capable of lifting as a justice in the cxccnlion of this act: if he do, he shall forfeit 30I. to him who shall inform or sue for the same.

13 C. 3. r. 62. Whereas by the 31 G. z. c. 29. and 3 G. 3. c. 11. only two sorts of bread made of wheat are allowed to be made for sale, that is to say, Wheaten and Houshold; and whereas according to the ancient order and custom of the realm, thers hath been, from time immemorial, a standard wheaten bread, being the whole produce of the wheat whereof it was made; it is therefore enacted, that from henceforth a bread made of the flour of wheat, which flour, without any

mixture

Bread.

mixture or division, shall be the whole produce of the grain, the bran or hull thereof only excepted, and which shall ; weigh three-fourth parts of the weight of the wheat whereof ; it shall be made, may be made and fold, and shall be called ,'and understood to be a standard wheaten bread. — And the ! maker shall mark every loaf thereof with the capital letters S. W. and the same may be made and fold, altho' no a (live (be set, of the weight and in the proportion following, viz.

'That every standard wheaten peck loaf shall weigh i ylb. 6oz.

; averdupois; every half peck loaf 81b. iioz. ; and every quartern loaf 41b. 5|oz.

The justices, at any general or quarter sessions, may pro-ihibit, for three months, the makers of bread for sale, from I making or exposing to sale any other one or more sorts of bread, purporting to be of a superior quality, and sold at a a higher price, than the standard wheaten bread aforesaid. provided, that no such order of prohibition shall take place, until one calendar month at least after the date of the making thereof. And the justices shall cause a copy of such order to be put up in.some market or other public town within the district, or shall cause the same to be inserted in some public newspaper published within such dillrift.

Bricks and Tiles.

VERY plain tile shall be iof inches long, 6\ broad, 17 Ei. 4. c. 4. and half an inch and half a quarter thick : Roof tile,

13 inches long, half an inch and half a quarter thick, with convenient deepness: Gutter tile and cover tile, io£ inches

long, with convenient thickness, breadth, and deepnefs__

If any person shall set to sale any such tile otherwise made, he shall forfeit to the buyer double value of the tile, and make fine and ransom at the king's will; to be recovered by action of debt, with colls. And also the justices of the peace and every of them may hear and determine offences against this act; who shall assess upon the offender no lets fine than for every 1000 plain tiles 5s. for every 100 roof tile 6s. 8d. and for every too corner or gutter tile zs.

All bricks made for sale, shall, when burned, be not iefs than eight inches and a half long, two inches and a half thick, and four inches wide; and all pantile*, not less than 13 inches and a half long, nine inches and a half wide, and half an inch thick: on pain that the maker shall forfeit zos.

for every 1000 bricks, and 10s. for every 1000 pantiles_All

combinations for enhancing the price of bricks or tiles, shall be void; and every brick-maker or tile-maker offending therein, shall forfeit 20I. and every clerk, agent, or servant, ioi.; half to the poor, and half to him who shall file E in

25

26 Bricks and Tiles.

in six calendar months in one of the courts at Westminster. — All other penalties and forfeitures, not herein otherwise directed, shall be recovered before one justice, on proof by confession or oath of one witness; to be levied by. distress, and distributed half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender dwells j or the justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties be sooner paid. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the general quarter sessions.

Bridges.

9 11. 3. e. 15.

Mi/.8. c. 5.

11 G. 7. c. eg,

U

7.1 3. r. 5.

Mf.\

3 ,

17 a.

9-

NO town nor freeman shall be distrained to make bridges: nor banks, but such as of old time and of right have been accustomed.

The justices, or four of them at the lead, (1 4J.) shall have ! power to esquire, hear, and determine in the general sessions,! of all manner of annoyances of bridges broken in the high-; ways, to the damage of the king's liege people, and to make such process and pains upon every presentment, against such [ as ought to be charged to make or amend them, as the king's. bench usually doth, or as it shall seem by their discretions to be necessary and convenient, for the speedy amendment of; such bridges. j

No money shall be applied to the repair of bridges, until pre-; fentment be made by the grand jury at the assizes or sessions,; of their insufficieney, inconveniency, or want of reparation, j The charges of repairing and amending bridges, and high-; ways at the ends of bridges, shall be paid out of the general; county rate.

The four justices, in sessions as aforesaid, may appoint two surveyors, with salaries, to fee the bridges amended.

This business of surveying the bridges, is usually annexed by the indices to the office of the high constables.

The justices, at their sessions, may purchase any parcel of land, adjoining or near to any county bridge, for the more commodious enlarging, or rebuilding the same, not exceeding one acre, to be paid for by the treasurer out of the county rates.

The justices, at their general or quarter-sessions, after pro fentment made by the grand-jury of their want of reparation, may con trad with any person for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the same, for any term not exceeding seven years, at a certain annual sum.

Burglary.

Burglary,

2 7

BURGLARY is a felony at common law, in breaking IUti's Pt. 79.

and entering the mansion-house of another, in the night, with intent to commit some felony within the same, whether the felonious intent be executed or not.

Every entrance into the house by a trespasser, is not a break- 3 hfl. filing in this case. If the door of a mansion-house (land open, and the thief enter, this is not breaking. If the window of the house be open, and a thief with a hook or other engine draweth out some of the goods of the owner, this is no burglary ; but if the thief breaketh the glass of the window, and draweth out the goods, this is burglary.

Opening the casement, or breaking the glass window, 1 u, II, 55;. picking open the lock of a door, or putting back the lock or the leaf of a window, or unlatching the door that is only latched, is burglary.

If any person shall enter into the mansion-house of another, nA r. 7. by day or night, without breaking the same, with an intent to commit felony, or being in such house shall commit any felony, and shall in the night time break the said house to get out, he shall be guilty of burglary.

If divers come in the night to do a burglary, and one of 3 lujl, (i,i. them break and enter, the rest of them Handing to watch, at a distance, this is burglary in all.

Every person, who shall apprehend any one guilty of bur- I0 6? 11 W. .-. glary, and prosecute him to conviction, shall have a certifi- 23. cate without fee, under the hand of the judge, certifying such conviction; and if any dispute arise between several persons so discovering or apprehending, the judge shall appoint the certificate into so many shares to be divided among the persons concerned, as to him shall seem just and reasonable.

And if any person shall happen to be (lain by such burglar, in endeavouring to apprehend him, the executors or admini-llrators of such person (lain shall have the like certificate; which certificate shall be inrolled by the clerk of the peace of the county in which it shall be granted; for which he shall have is. and no more: And the said certificate shall be once assigned over; and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall by virtue thereof be discharged from all manner of parish and ward offices, within the parish and ward where the felony was committed.

And moreover, on tender of such certificate to the sheriff, y Am. t. 31. and demand made, he shall pay to the person so intitled, the <- s3-

N. II. This includes churches, and the walls .ind ga‘e, of a walled town. 1 llnv. 103.

F. s

sum

28 Burglary.

sum of 40I. without fee or deduction, within one mc.'th after such tender and demand, on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

5 An. c- 31. If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any bur.

glary, and afterwards discover two or more of the like olfcn- . ders, so as two or more be convicted, he shall have the like reward and allowance of 40I. and also all other advantages ' which are given to persons who shall apprehend and convict any the like offenders; and shall also have the king's pardon for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Burning.

1 105. Uy|'ALICIOUSLY and voluntarily burning the house of;

XViL another, by night or by day, is felony at the common law.

46? 5 P. &M. Every person who shall malicio'ufly command, hire, or.

f- counsel any person, wilfully to burn any dwelling house, or'

any part thereof, or any barn then having corn or grain in; the same, shall not have the benefit of his clergy.

43 El. c. 13. Whoever shall wilfully and of malice burn, or cause to be;

burned, or aid, procure, or consent to the burning of any, barn, or Hack of corn or grain, within any of the counties'-of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmoreland, and Du--refine, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.l And julliccs of the peace in sessions may hear and determine;; the same. — And the judges of assize, pr three justices of thej peace (1 QJ may determine the same, so that the prosecution!. be within six months : and the said justices, on request of ther party injured, shall issue their warrant for apprehending all', such persons as shall be suspected thereof, and take their ex-; animation : and shall cause all others who to them shall seem; likely to make discovery, to appear before them, and give-information on oath; and if such witness, being duly sum- jnoned, shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, they may. commit him to the common gaol, till he submit to be examined upon oath.

3 EJ. 1. c. 13. Such as be taken for houseburning feloniously done, are!

not bailable by justices of the peace.

1 If any ship-officer or mariner shall wilfully burn the Ihipi

to which he belongeth, or procure the same to be done, to; the prejudice of the owner of the ship or goods, he shall be! guilty of fclouy, without benefit of clergy.

1 C.fi.2. , .3. If,any person shall, by day or by night, in a riotous, open, j g'Cm. c. iC, and tumultuous, or in a secret and clandestine manner, forci-1

bly, or wrongfully and maliciously, burn any wood, or spring:-of wood, or coppice wood, he shall be guilty of felony.

Ansi

I

Burning. 2<

And any two justices, or the justices in sessions, may gg e cause the offender to be'apprehended, and hear, and determine and adjudge the offence.

If any person shall set fire to, burn or destroy any gofs, -str. c. 19. furze, or fern, in any forest or chase without consent of the owner or person chiefly entrusted with the custody of such forest or chase, and being brought before a justice, shall be thereof convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s. half to the informer, and half to the poor; . or, if not forthwith paid, to be levied by distress; and if no suficient distress can be found, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

If any person shall burn or cause to be burnt, any wain 37//. S.r.6. or cart, laden with coals, or any heap of wood prepared, for malting coals, or billets, he shall forfeit treble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered by action of trespass: and also 10I. as a fine to the king.

If any servant, through negligence or carelessness, shall 6 An. c. 31, fire or cause to be fired any dwelling house, or outhouse or houses, and be thereof convicted on the oath of one witness before two justices, he shall forfeit look to the churchwardens of the parish where the fire shall happen, to be distributed by them to the fuftcrers, in such proportions as to them shall seem just; and if he do not pay the same immediately on demand to the churchwardens, the said justices shall commit him to forne workhouse, or house of correction, for iS months, there to be kept to hard labour.- — Any justice may cause to come before him, all those, who to any of the people, concerning the firing of their houses, have used threats, to find suficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and his people; and, if they shall refuse to find such security, may cause them to be safely kept in the king's prisons, until, they shall find such security.

If any person shall fend any letter, without any name sub- ijGvr- feribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious name, threatning' to burn any house, outhouse, barn, flack of corn or gram, hay or straw ; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Burying in Woollen. See Woollen Manufacture.

Butcher.

JF any butchers dial! conspire not to fell their victuals but - 6? 3 Ei. 6. c.

at certain prices; every such person shall forfeit for the ij-first ofFence 10I. to the king, and if not paid in six days, he shall

)go Butcher.

shall suffer twenty days imprisonment, and shall only have' bread and water for his sustenance ; for the second offence 20I. ' in like manner, or the pillory; and for the third offence 40!.: or pillory, and the loss of an ear, and to be taken as a man ' infamous, and not to be credited in any matter of judgment.' And the sessions or leet may determine, the same. jC, c- x. If any butcher shall kill or fell any victual on the Lord's;

day, he shall forfeit 6s. 8d. one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor, on conviction before one justice; on; his own view, or confession, or oath of two witnesses, to be; levied by the cohilable or churchwarden. 1

ija. c.zz. No butcher shall be a tanner or currier, on pain of 6s, r 8d. a day.

Butter and Cheese. j

13 &' ii. c. i. Y? VERY person packing up butter for sale, shall set upon, c. :.6. |p/ every firkin and calk, when the same is fully seasonedini

water, a continuing visible mark of the just weight of the; empty calk; on pain of forfeiting for every offence the funj of ten shillings for every hundred weight of butter otherwifii packed, and so proportionably for a greater orlefl'er quantity:; half to the churchwardens and overieers for the use of the;

' poor, and half with double costs to him who shall sue for the! same in iessions, by action of debt, indictment, information,! or presentment. — Every kilderkin of butter shall contaisj ne pounds, and every firkin 56 pounds neat, or above:! every pound containing 16 ounces, besides the tare of th:j calk, of good and merchantable butter; and every pot os butter shall contain 14 pounds neat, or above, besides tlf weight of the pot.

Buttons.

NO person shall fell or offer to sale, or import, any ft reign buttons whatsoever; on pain that he, who (hi ‘' .jy f J0 offer them to sale, shall forfeit the same and 50I. and the in porter shall forfeit the same and tool, half to the king, ac half to him that shall sue. — And on complaint and inform: tion given to ajustice of the peace, he shall issue his ws rant to the constable, to enter and-search for such manufac tures in the (hops being open, or warehouses, and dwellit honies of such persons as shall be suspected, and to seize ti same.

10 W. t.No person shall make, fell, or set on any buttons made;

wood only, and turned in imitation of other buttons; ;

F

Buttons. 3'i'

pain of forfeiting 40s. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record — No person shall make, fell, or set on, any buttons made of cloth, serge, drugget, frize, camlet, or other Huffs of which clothes arc usually made; on pain as above.

No taylor or other person shall set on any clothes, any but- s An. c. 6. tons or button-holes, made of serge, or other llutfs of which clothes arc usually made; on pain of 5I. a dozen, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue; or on complaint to two justices, they may summon witnesses, and levy the penalty, and return the overplus, if any be ; and if any person is aggrieved, he may appeal to the next sessions.

No taylor or other person shall set on any clothes, buttons 4 G. c. 7. made of, or bound with, cloth, &c. (velvet excepted) on pain of 40s. a dozen. To be determined by onejustice, on oath of one witness, in three months after the offence; and to be distributed (charges of conviction first deducted) half to the informer, and half to the poor of the pariflt or place where the offence shall be discovered : if not paid in 14 days, the justice shall issue his warrant to the constable to levy it by distress and sale ; and where no sufficient distress can be found, the offender shall be committed to the common gaol to hard labour for three calendar months. All clothes made with such buttons and button holes, expofid to fah, shall be forfeited.

No person shall use or wear on any clothes (velvet ex- 7 G.ft. 1. c. 12. ccpted) any such buttons or button-holes, on pain of 40s. a dozen, on conviction by confession, or oath of one witness; and any justice of the peace, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall inhabit, shall on complaint or information on oath, of any credible person, in one month after the offence, summon the party, and on his appearance or contempt, examine the matter, and on due proof by con-session, or oath of one witness, convifl the offender, and cause the forfeiture by his Warrant to be levied by distress and sale; the said penalties to be half to him on whose oath the party shall be convicted, and half to the poor of the parish, where the offence shall be committed. And persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter sessions, giving eight days notice.

Cabbages, Stealing. See Turnips.

Cards. See Stamps.

Carriers.

ALL persons carrying goods for hire, as matters and 1 Bac. Air. 34 % , owners of (flips, lightermen, rtage-coachmen, and the like, come under the denomination of cominon carriers.

The

32

3 c. 12.

x 143. jtZtoc. ^r.343.

Car. C:/ry. 25.

Ktljngc 39.

J4C«. z. c. C. SflSG.z.r. 34.

S« Block A7.

Carriers.

The justices, in Easter sessions yearly, shall rate prices of all land carriage of goods to be brought into any place within their jurisdiction, by any common waggoner or carrier: And no such carrier shall take for carriage above the rates so set, on pain of 5!. by distress, by warrant of two justices where such waggoner or carrier shall reside, to the use of the party grieved.

Where goods are delivered to a carrier, and he is robbed of them, he mall be charged, and answer for them, by reason of the hire.

If a man delivers goods to a common carrier, to carry to a certain place; if he loses or damages them, an action upon the case lies again!! him ; for by the custom of the realm, he

ought to carry them fafely____if a person, who is no common

carrier, takes upon himself to carry my goods, tho' I promise him no reward, yet, if my goods are loll or damaged by.his default, I shall have an action against him.

A delivery to the carrier's servant is a delivery to the carrier; and if goods are delivered to a carrier's porter, and loll, an action will lie against the carrier.

By the cultom' and usage of llage-coaches, every passenger uses to pay for the carriage of goods above such a weight; and in such case, the coachman shall be charged for the loss of goods beyond such weight.

Where goods are llolen from the carrier, he may prefer an indictment against the felon, as for his own goods.

Carrots. See Turnips.

[77fr penalty for settling carrots is ths same as that for fiealing turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, and pcafe: which are treated of together under the title T urnips.]

Cattle.

TF any person shall feloniously drive away, or Iteal, or shall

1. wilfully kill any ox, bull, cow, calf, llccr, bullock, heifer, (hcep, or lamb, wich a felonious intent to Iteal the whole carcase, or any part thereof, or shall aflilt or aid in committing any such offence, lie shall be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any offender, shall have 10I. reward.

Any

Cattle. 33

Any peace officer may secure persons driving cattle through al q, j, c, the streets of London, or Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, &c; in an improper manner. If the party be convicted before a justice, he shall forfeit from 5s. to 20s. to the prosecutor; of be committed to the house of correction, &c. for one month. The same penalty against the owner or his fer-vant___Any justice within the bills of mortality may deter-

mine complaints of offences against any rules to be made by the court of aldermen. — In pursuance of this act the said justice is hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, within six days after the corn-million of any such offence, to ifl'ue his warrant under his hand and seal, to apprehend such offender or offenders, and if the party be convicted, he may line him, and the offender not paying the penalty, may be committed to the house of correction, to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner'paid; which shall be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders. — Offenders, who refuse to discover their names and places of abode, shall be committed to the common gaol for one month, or until he, she, or they, shall declare his, her, of their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said justice, or to some other justice of the peace of the said county or place_An abstract of the penal-

ties contained in this act, and of all rules, &c. shall be made by the court of aldermen, and be printed and affixed upon the most conspicuous places within the said cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof. — No person shall suffer any punishment for any offence committed against this act, unless the prosecution for the same be commenced within fourteen days. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ielfions, giving 14 days notice.

Certiorari.

A CERTIORARI is an original writ, issuing out of the Ca-ihrari,whac.

court of chancery or the king's bench, directed in the king's name to the judges or officers of inferior courts, commanding them to certify, or to return the records of a cause depending before them, to the end the party may have the more sure and speedy justice, before the king or such justices as he shall assign to determine the cause.

The justices of the peace may deliver or fend into the Belt. r. 195. king's bench, indictments found before them, or recognizances of the peace taken before them, or force recorded by them, without any certiorari.

A cer-

M

Raym, 469,580.

i Haw* 2S6*

z ILvut. 294. Crom. 129*

z flaw* 294.

AV/j. 17S. Dell. c. 295.

1 Hdw, iSS.

35 f/. 8* f. 1.

Certiorari.

A certiorari lies in all judicial proceedings, in which a writ of error does not lie'; and it is a consequence of all ill-ferior j urisdictions erected by act of parliament to have their proceedings'returnable in the king's bench.

And therefore a certiorari lies to j ullices of the peace, even in such cases which they are impowered by ilatute finally to hear and determine.

If a certiorari for the removal of ah indictment before jaf-'tices of the peace be not delivered, before the jury be sworn for the trial of it, the justices may proceed.

If a supersedeas come out ofa'superior court, to the justices, they ought to surcease, altho' the supersedeas be awarded against- law; for they are not to dispute the command of a superior court, which is a warrant to them.

Every return of a certiorari ought to be under seal. And altho' the cijlos rotnlarum keep the records, yet mull' the justices, to whom it is directed, return the' certiorari; and therefore if it is directed to the justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace only return it, nothing is thereby removed.

A return was in paper (and not upon parchment); and for that reason was held by the court not good.

Upon a certiorari to remove an indictment of a riot,' or forcible entry, or the like, the return mull have these words, as also to hear am! determine divers felonies, &c. according to the commission ; for if the return mentions only that they arc justices of the peace, without such words, the return is insufficient.

Cheat.

CHEATS, which arc punishable by the common law, may in general be described to be deceitful practices, in defrauding, or endeavouring to defraud another of his known right, by means of some artful device, contrary to the plain rules of common itonclly.

If any person shall falsely and deceitfully obtain, or get into his hands or possession, any money, goods, &c. of any other person, and shall be convicted thereof, by examination of witness'es, or confcliion, at the assizes or fclfions, or by action in any court of record., he shall have such punishment by imprisonment, pillory, or other corporal pain (except death) as the court shall appoint. Saving to the party grieved such remedy, by action or otherwise, for the goods

so obtained, as he might have had by the common law_______

And two justices (1 *£.) may call and convent, by process or otherwise, t0theaffi7.es or sessions, any person suspected, and commit or bail him to {he next assizes or sessions.

All

Cheat. 35

All such persone shall be deemed offenders again!! the Jaw 30 G.z. <-.24. and public peace; and the court, before whom any such offender shall be tried, shall, on conviction, order him to be .3 put in the pillory, or publickly whipped, or to be trans-

ported, as soon as conveniently may be, for seven years___

5' And if die party, charged as being the offender, shall be j committed to prison, or admitted to bail, to answer the mat-ters complained of at the next sessions or assizes, the said f. justice shall bind over the profeentor to appear and prosecute such offender with effect; and if such goods, so fraudulently obtained, appear to such justice to exceed the value of 20I.

the recognizance shall be in not leis than double the value cf f. the goods.

For further particulars, fee Pawning.

I

1

I Church and Church-Yard.

s

I.

TN cities and towns corporate, the bishop (with the consent ,7 c#r.z.t. j. j A of the mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and of I the patron) may unite two churches or chapels j and make order, with the like consent, that the patrons present by < turns, having regard to the value of the livings united; and r the incumbents thereof shall be graduates.

No fairs nor markets shall be kept in church-yards. 13 JM. 1.

j If any person shall, by words only, quarrel, chide, or 5 £f 6 MJ. 0,

\ brawl, in any church or church-yard, the ordinary (on proof > of two witnesses) may suspend every layman, being an offender, ah iitgrrjju ecclcjia:-, and every clergyman from the I niinillration of his office, so long as he shall think meet. —

If any shall finite, or lay violent hands on another in any church or church-yard, he shall be deemed, ipso facto, excommunicate, and be excluded from the fellowship and com-jpany of Christ's congregation. And if convicted thereof, lor even of drawing any weapon with intent to strike, by Ivcrdiftof iz men, or confession, or by two witnesses, before the judges of assize, or justices of the peace in their sessions, he shall be adjudged to have one of his ears cut off; am! if he have no cars, he shall be burned in the check with'a hot iron having the letter F. whereby he may be known and taken for a fray-maker and fighter. 1 Haw, 94.-.

He, who steals goods belonging to a parish church, may fee inditted for Healing the goods of the parishioners.

Church-

Churchwardens.

Can. 8g.

Gibs.CodtXiZyi*

2 Roll's Abr 272.

6 W. c. 4.

1$ <7. 2. c. 15.

1 W. c. iS.

30 sr n v/. c.

?3-

2 C. 3. t. 20.

3 Co. 67.

£flr. Z. 54.

TfW, b.i. c. 7. Tar. Z. 55.

5 C«- 67*

J?®? >7*-

Gibf. 219. 9'flf J7»>

CCHURCHWARDENS shall be chosen annually in j Easter week, by the joint consent of the miniller and parishioners; or the miniller shall chuse one, and the pa-rilhioners another.

But if there is a cullom for the parishioners to chuse' both, that custom shall continue.

A Counsellor or attorney ought not to be chosen church, warden; and if he is, he may have a prohibition, by reason of his attendance on the courts at Westminster.

Apothecaries, who have served seven years, shall be ex-

empted from the office of churchwarden.

Freemen of the corporation of surgeons in London are exempted.

Also dissenting teachers or preachers, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders.

‘ All persons, who have prosecuted a felon tp conviction, i and the first assignee of the certificate'thereof, are exempted.' j No private man, personally serving for himself in the; militia, during the time of such 'service, shall be liable to j serve as churchwarden. !

The rates'mud be made with the consent of the major part of the parishioners, housekeepers, or occupiers of land. In order to which, public notice of a vellry ought to be given the Sunday before, either in the church after divine service is ended, or else at the church-door as the parishioners come I out. ' ' j

Those that pay no church rates, shall have no vote in affairs relating to it, except it be the reftor or vicar.

It is moil convenient, that every parish aft there be en. tered in the- parish book of accounts, and every man's, hand consenting to it be set thereto 5 for then it will be a certain rule for the churchwardens to' go by. ' " ' .

The rates for the repair of the church shall he laid upon every occupier of lands in the parish; altho' such occupier live in another parish.

If any person find himself aggrieved at the inequality of the assessment, his appeal mud be to the ecclesiastical judge.

If any refuse to pay the rates, being demanded by the churchwardens, they are to be sued for in the ecclesiastical courts.

A quaker, refusing to pay church rates, may be sued, as other parishioners, in the ecclesiastical court; or he may be prosecuted before the justices of the peace, in the same manner as for his tithes.

Churchwardens. 37

-The foil and freehold of the church is the parson's; the use of the body of the church, and the repair of it, common to the parishioners.

Every churchwarden is an overseer of the poor, although 43 El. e. 2. every overseer of the poor is not a churchwarden.

. The churchwarden (or the constable) shall levy the penal- zg C, 2. c. 7.

ties for persons' exercising their worldly calling on the Lord's

day.

The churchwardens shall fee that the parishioners relbrt to Cm. 9*. church, , and continue there orderly, during divine service; and shall present the defaulters.

They shall levy the forfeiture of 12d. a Sunday^ on the 1 El. c.z. goods of persons not coming to church.

They shall, at the charge of the parish, with the advice Can. 20. and direction of the minister, provide bread and wine against the communion.

They shall carry hawkers and pedlars trading without li- 96? jo W. t. cence, before a justice of the peace. *7*

At the end of the year, or within a month after at moll. Cm. 89. they shall before the minister and parishioners (at a vestry) give up a just account of such money as they have received, and also what they have particularly bellowed in reparations, and otherwise, for the use of the church ; and shall deliver up to the parishioners the money and parish goods in their hands, to be delivered over by them to the next churchwardens.

Clergy.

CLERGYMEN are liable to the poor rates, for their 43 Bi.c- glebe and tithe.

No clergyman shall take to farm any lands (except he have si B. 8.1.13. not sufficient glebe for the expencesofhis houshold); on pain of 10I. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall f>ie.--- No clergyman shall buy to fell again any cattle, corn, or any merchandize; on pain of treble value, half to the king, and half to him that Ih.all sue : and the contract shall be void. '

Benefit of Clergy.

ANCIENTLY princes and states, converted to Christia-nity, did grant to the clergy very bountiful privileges and exemptions; and particularly, an exemption of their persons from criminal proceedings, in some capital cases before secular judges; which was the true original of the benefit

38 Benefit of Clergy.

nefit of clergy. — But this claim of exemption grew so bur-dcnfome, that it was from time to time qualified and abridged by the civil power; and therefore, if they were indicted in cases criminal, but not capital, nor wherein they were , to Iofe life or limb, there the privilege of clergy was not allowed; and therefore not in indictments of .trespass or petit larceny.

1 — -Also it was not allowed them in high treason.

s 11. II. 335. ^ tbs statute enacts generally, that it shall be felony with-

out benefit of clergy, or that he shall fuft'er as in case of felony without benefit of clergy, this excludes it in all circum-ilances, and to all intents, jg £?. 3. r. 74. When any person shall be convicted of any felony within the benefit of clergy, for which he shall be liable to be burned in the hand, the court may, if they think fit, inllead thereof,'impose upon the offender a moderate pecuniary fine; or otherwise, inllead of fitch burning, in any of the cases aforesaid, except manllaughter, may order the offender to be once or oftener, but not more than thrice, either publickly Oi' privately whipped, such private whipping to be in the presence of not less than two persons, besides the offender and the officer who inflifts the same; and in case of female offenders, in the prefen.ee of females only — Provided, that this shall not extend to deprive the court of the power now vested in them, of detaining such offender in prison for any time not exceeding one year, or of committing him to the Jtoufe of correction or other public workhouse, to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than six months, nor exceeding two years.

3.J-1.1!. -SS. A person admitted to his clergy, forfeits all his goods

J that he hath at the time of the conviction. — But presently

upon his burning in the hand, he ought to be rellored to the poflession of his lands, and from thenceforth to enjoy the profits thereof.

1 iTir.v. -.Sv And it is holden that after a man is admitted to his clergy, it is a&ionable to call him felon ; because his offence being pardoned by the statute, all the infamy and other confe-quences of it are discharged.

Clerk of the Peace.

cKjhs rotulorum shall appoint an able and suficient j[ person,' residing in the county or division, to-execute the office of clerk of the peace.

But shall not fell the place of clerk of the peace, or take any bond or other assurance to receive any reward, fee, or profit, directly or indirectly, for such appointment.

Every

. ;r. r. if.

u.

Clerk of the Peace. .39

Every clerk of the peace, before he enters upon the exe- i y, c, u. cution of his office, shall in open sessions take the oath following:

" I. A. A. do Avear, that I have not, nor will pay any " sum or Aims of money, or other reward whatsoever, nor " given any bond or other assurance to pay any money, fee,

" or profit, directly or indirectly, to any person or persons " whomsoever, for such nomination and appointment: So " help me God."

He shall moreover take the oaths of allegiance, fuprcnucy, and abjuration, and perform the other requisites, as other persons who qualify for offices.

The clerk of the peace shall certify into the king's bench, 34 g? jj {j. S. the names of such as be outlawed, attainted, or convicted 14. of felony.

He shall deliver to the sheriff, within twenty days pfter a- & 23 c. September 29, yearly, a perfefl ellreat or schedule of all c. -a.

lines, and other forfeitures in feflioris. — -And shall also yearly,

on or before the second Monday after the morrow of All Souls, deliver into the court of exchequer, upon oath, a perfefl duplicate, and certificate, of all such ellrcats and schedules delivered to the sheriffs; on pain of jol. half to the king, and half to him that shall Ate.

If any clerk of the peace shall misdemean himself in the 1 IP. c. a>. execution of his office, and thereupon a complaint and charge in writing of such misdemeanor shall be exhibited again!! him, to the justices in sessions, the said justices may, on examination and due proof thereof openly in the said sessions, suspend or discharge him from the said office; and in such case, the cujlas nttilonm shall appoint another able and sufficient person, residing in the said county or division, to be clerk of the peace. And in case of refusal or neglect to make such appointment, before the next general quarter fcf-lions, the justices in sessions may appoint one.

Coals.

JF, after the admeasurement thereof by the commissioners 15 c. 3, <.27.

appointed for that purpose, the marks shall be removed or altered ; every person who had a hand, in or was privy to the doing thereof, shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness before one justice,' forfeit 10I. by dillrcfs, half to the king, and half to the discoverer; and for want of distress,

shall be committed tq the common gaol for three months.

Coin

40

ti ft. $. c.40.

14 El. c. 3.

15 Ed. 3- c-

7 ®S W. c. 19.

6£f 7 Wi r. 17.

U.:

Coin.

ONE justice, on complaint upon oath that there is just cause to suspect, that any person hath been concerned in counterfeiting the copper monies of this realm, may by his warrant cause the dwelling house, room; worldhop, &c; belonging to such suspected person; to be searched for tools and implements' for coining such copper monies: and if any such tools or implements shall be found hid or concealed in any place so searched, it shall be lawful for any person whatsoever discovering the same; to seize such tools or implements, and carry the same forthwith to a justice; who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in evidence against any person, who shall be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid; and after they shall have been produced in evidence; the same and all other so seized. shall forthwith by order of the court, or by order of the justice, if there shall be no trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such court or justice shall direct.

If any person shall counterfeit gold or silver, that is not the proper coin of this realm, he, his procurers, aiders, and abetters, shall be guilty of misprision of high treason.

If any person shall bring falle money into the realm knowing the same to bcfalfe, in deceit of the king and his people; he shall be guilty of high treason.

If any press for coinage shall be found in the custody of any person (other than the officers of the Mint) it shall be seized for the king's use; and every person, in whose custody such press shall be found, shall forfeit yool. half to the king, and half to the informer.

If any person shall buy or fell, and knowingly have in his custody or possession, any clippings or filings of the current coin of this kingdom, he shall forfeit the same, and also 500I. half to the king, and half to the informer ; and shall be branded on the right cheek with the letter R ; and be imprisoned till the payment-of the ;ool.

The warden of the company of goldsmiths, with two of the court of assistants within the bills, and two justices else-where, may enter into the house, room, or workshop of any person suspedied, and with the help of a constable may break open any door, box. See. to search for bullion suspected to be concealed ; and, if found, they shall seize the same, and the person in whose possession it shall be found : And the said wardens, assistants, and.constables, shall carry him before the next justice, which one justice within the bills, and the said two justices elsewhere, may examine him ; and if he shall not prove by the oath of himself, or of a credible witiiefs,

Coin. 41

that it is lawful silver, and was not before melting current 1 coin, nor clippings thereof, he shall be committed j and if on his trial he shall not prove the same by one witness, he shall be imprisoned six months.

If any churchwarden or overseer of the poor, or person 9 3-c- 37-

authorised by him, shall make any payments to the poor in any bafc or counterfeit money, one justice, on complaint, may summon the offender, and on proof of the offence, by the oath of one witness, may adjudge him to forfeit not less than 10s. nor more than 20s. to be levied by distress, and to be applied to the use of the poor.

Any person to whom any silver or gold money shall be 96'10 JKc.iu tendered, that he shall suspect to be counterfeit, may cut, J3 3* 71-break or deface such piece; and if it shall appear to be a counterfeit, the person tendering the same shall bear the loss thereof; but if the same shall appear to be lawful money, the person that cut, broke, or defaced the same, shall receive the same at the value it was coined for. And if any question arise, whether the piece lo cut be counterfeit, it shall be determined by the next justice of the peace, or chief magistrate in a corporation.

Persons taken for coining false money are not bailable by 3 EJ. 1. c. 15. justices of the peace. — But they mull take the examinations 1 H-372-

and informations, and bind over the witnesses to the proper court, and commit the persons accused.

It is not necessary there should be two witnesses in cases of 1 3lS» counterfeiting the coin, as it is in other high treasons; but persons may Ire convicted by one witness only.

Whoever shall apprehend any person, that hath counter- 6 (s'7 W. c. 17. feited any of the current [gold or silver] coin of this realm, 15 S' 16 G. 2. -shall have a reward of 40I. In order to which, the judge shall give him under his hand, a certificate certifying the conviction.

In like manner a reward of iol. shall be paid, for appre- ,j 2(

hending and convicting a counterfeiter of the copper money. <. 2$.

If any person being out of prison, shall be guilty of clip- i&ilf'. c. if ping, coining, or diminishing the [gold or silver] coin of this realm, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted ; he shall have the king's pardon, and if he is an apprentice, he shall be made a freeman.

If any person being out of prison, shall be guilty of al- 15® ifi C. a. tering sixpences or shillings, to make them look like half'*28* guineas or guineas; or altering farthings or halfpennies, to make them look like sixpences or shillings; or of counterfeiting brass or copper halfpennies or farthings; or of uttering false money, and afterwards discover two or more persons who have committed any of the said crimes, so as they be convicted, he shall have the king's pardon.

0

Commitment.

42,

z Haw. 116,

Z II. il. 121.

Mr.'.3. c. 170.

5//. 4. C. TO.

6 C. r. 19.

24 (7. 2. r. 55.

zHaw. 119.

1 H. It. 577.

Commitment.

PERSONS apprehended for offences which are not bailable, and also all persons whq neglect to offer bail for

offences, which are bailable, mull be committed_Where-

soever a justice is impowered by any statute to bind a person over, or to cause him to do a certain thing, and such person being in his presence shall refuse to be bound, dr to do such thing, the justice may commit him to the gaol, to remain there, till he shall comply.

If a prisoner be brought before a justice, expressly charged with felony upon oath, the justice cannot discharge him, but mult bail or commit him. But if he be charged with fuf-picion only of felony, yet if there be no felony at all proved to be committed, or if the fast charged as a felony be in truth no felony in point of law, the justice may discharge him. But if a man be killed, by another, tho' it be by mifad-venture, or in self-dcfence, the justice ought not to discharge him, for he mull undergo his trial for it; and therefore he mult be committed, or at leait bailed.

But commitment by the justices of the peace almost in all cases (except for the peace, good, behaviour, felony, or higher offences) is bu t to retain the party till he hath made line to the king; and therefore, if he offer to pay it, or find sureties by recognizance to pay it, he ought not to be committed, but'to be delivered presently.

All felons shall be committed to the common gaol, and not elsewhere.

But vagrants, and other criminals charged with small offences, may be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices in their judgment shall think proper. And they may commit other offenders to the flocks, or other custody, by particular statutes.

If a person is apprehended, upon a warrant indorsed, in another county, for an offence not bailable, or if he shall not there find' bail, he shall be carried back into the first county, and be committed (or if bailable, bailed) by the justices in such first county.

The commitment muit be in writing, either in the name of the king, and only attested by .'he person who makes it, or it may be made by such person in his own name, expressing his office or authority, and mult be directed to the gaoler, or keeper of the prison.'

It should contain the name and surname of the party committed, if known; and if not known, then it maybe sufficicnl to del'cribe the person by his age, llature, complexion, colour of his hair, and the like, and to add that he refuseth to tell his name.

It

Commitaifent. 43

It is safe, but not necessary, to' set forth, that the party is , ,

charged upon oath.

It ought to contain the cause, as for treason, or felony, or 2 jrjj, p, suspicion thereof. . . '

A warrant or mittimus to answer to such things as shall be 2 lr.fi. 591. objected against him, is utterly-against law.

It ought to contain the certainty of the cause; if it be for - H- W-felony, it ought to be for felony for the death of such .an one, or for burglary in breaking the house of such an one.

If it is for felony, it mull.be to detain him till lie be thence 3 /;. //, 333. delivered by law, or by order of law, or by due coiirfe of law.

A commitment grounded on an act of parliament, ought zliaio. Hot 33. to be conformable to the method prescribed by it. The difference is, where a man is committed as a criminal, and where only for.contumacy; in the first case, the commitment muff be, until discharged according to law; bat in the latter, until he comply.-

It mutt be under seal; and -without this, the commit- 111. a. 5S3.

ment is unlawful.

But this mull not be intended of a commitment by the fef- 1 it. ll. 5S4. lions, or other court of record; for there the record itself, or the memorial thereof, which may at any time be entered of record, is a sufficient warrant, without any warrant under seal.

It should also set forth the place at which it is made, that 2 //.:». 119. it may appear to be within the jurisdiction of the justice.

It mull also have a certain date, of the year and day. 2 it. a. 123. Every person who shall be committed to the common or 3 y. <-. ic. usual gaol, by any justice of the peace, the said person having-means or ability thereunto, shall bear his own reasonable charges, and the charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard him to such gaol: and if any such person shall refuse to defray the said charges, then such justice shall, by writing under his hand and seal, give warrant to the con liable of the hundred, or constable of the township where such person shall be dwelling and inhabit, to fell such and so much of the goods and chattels of the said person so to be committed, as by the discretion of the said justice shall be deemed sufficient to satisfy and pay the charges of such his conveying and fending to the said goal; the appraisement to be made by four of the honeil inhabitants of the parish where fitch goods shall be; the overplus to be delivered to the party.

When any person, not having goods or money in the 2jC. 2. e. 3. county where he is taken, sufficient to bear the charges of himself and of those who convey him, is committed to gaol, or to the house of correction, by warrant from a justice, then on application, by the constable or other officer who conveyed him, to any justice for such county or place,

G z such-

44 Commitment.

such justice shall upon oath examine into and ascertain the reasonable expences, and shall without fee by his warrant order the treasurer to pay the same. But in Middlesex, the same shall be paid by the overseers of the poor of the parish where the person was apprehended,

By the habeas carpus aft, the charges of conveying an of, fender is limited not to exceed lzd. a mile.

If the gaoler shall refuse to receive a felon, or take any thing for receiving him, he shall be punished for the Tame, by the justices of gaol delivery,

But if a man be committed for felony, and the gaoley will not receive him, the constable mud bring him back to the town where he was taken; and that town shall be charged with the keeping of him, until the next gaol delivery,

The sheriff or gaoler shall Certify the commitment to the next gaol delivery,

A person legally committed for a crime, certainly appearing to have been done by Tome one or other, cannot be law, fully discharged by any one but the king, till he be acquitted on his trial, or have an ignoramus found by the grand jury, or none to prosecute him on a proclamation for that purpefe by the justices of gaol delivery,

Common Prayer.

it 0 14 C. i. WHERE an incumbent'reftdes upon his living, and £.\p ' yV keeps a curate, the incumbent himself (not having

lawful impediment to be allowed by the bishop) shall at lead once a month openly and publickly read the common prayer, and (if there be occasion) administer the sacraments, and .other rites of the church; on pain of 5I, to thepoor, on conviction by confession, or oath of two witnesses, before two justices ; and in default of payment in ten days, the same to be levied by the churchwardens or overseers by didrefs and sale, by warrant of such justices, '

Confession.

JT (cents that the confession of the defendant taken upon an examination before justices of the peace, or in difeourse with private persons, may be given in evidence against the party confessing, but not against others.

4 Ed. 3. c. 10, Dti!t. e. 170,

31{. 7. c. 3.

2. Jlastl. IZI.

Conspiracy.

4 5

Conspiracy.

BY the common law, all confederates whatsoever, wrong- i Haw. 190. fully to prejudice a third person, are Highly criminal.

And by statute, conspirators are they,- that do confederate 33 Ed. 1. ft. z, or bind themselves by oath, covenant, or other alliance, that every of them shall aid and bear the other falsly and ma-licioully to indict, or cause to indict, or falsly to move or maintain pleas.

It is clear, that those who are convicted of conspiracy at 1 Haw, 193. the suit of the party, shall have judgment of fine and imprisonment, and to render the plaintiff his damages.

Constable.

'IN feme places, at this day, there is both a tithingman and t Black 357.

JL constable, where the tithingman is as it were a deputy to execute the office in the constable's absence; but the constable may do whatever the tithingman may do, but not on the contrary, the tithingman not having an equal power with the constable.

The president, commons, and fellows of the faculty of 32 H. 8. c. 40. physic in London shall not be chosen constables.

Surgeons in London shall be freed and exempted from the ;H. 8. c. 6. & office of constable. 18 G. 2. c. ij.

Apothecaries in London, and within seven miles thereof, fifif -jW. c. 4, being free of the company of apothecaries, and also those in 23. the country who have served a seven'years apprenticeship, shall be exempted from the office of constable.

A sworn attorney, or other officer of the courts at West- 2 Haw. 63. minster, may have a writ of privilege for his discharge.

Every teacher or preacher in holy orders, or pretended holy j jy. c. 18. orders, in a congregation tolerated by law, shall front the time of his subscription and taking the oaths, be exempted from the office of constable.

The prosecutor of a felon to conviction, or person to whom 10 Sf 11 IH. c. he shall assign the certificate thereof, shall be discharged from the office of constable.

If any person dissenting from the church of England, shall 1IV. c. 18. be chosen constable, and shall scruple to take upon him the office, in regard of the oaths, or any other matter required to be done in respect of such oflice, he may execute it by a fuf-jicient deputy.

The

46

2 llaw. 62*

Volt* c. 28.

2 llaio. 65*

ijfifi* C.z 37*

pj/j. <.

i:./. 2. .m 3 2 If.Ka. 33.

Oj. £//».

5 /fete* 262-

Constable.

The petty constable ought to be chosen in the leet; and the high constable (properly so called) in the torn, which is the general leet of the whole hundred.

They are to be sworn and placed in their office by the lord or his steward, or by the sheriff respectively, as being judge of the court.

But now the usual manner is, that the high constables of hundreds be chosen either at the sessions, or by the greater number of the justices of the division.

And every petty constable, being a principal peace officer, and it being necessary for the preservation of the peace, that every vill Should be furnished with one; the justices of the peace have, ever since the institution of their office, taken upon them, as conservators of the peace, not only to fwcarthe petty constables, that have been chosen at a torn or leet,. bu; also to nominate and swearthofe, who have not been chosen at any such court, on the neglect of the sheriffs or lords to hold their court, or to take care that such officers are appointed in them. And this power of justices of the peace having been confirmed by the uninterrupted usage of many ages, shall not now be disputed, but mail be presumed to be established upon sufficient authority.

Justices of the peace had power to nominate and swear constables, on the default of the torn or leet, before the statute of 13 iff 14 C. 2. r. 12. If a constable shall die, or go out of the parish, any two justices may make and swear a new one, 'till the lord shall hold a leet, or 'till the next quarter sessions, who shall approve of the officer so made and sworn, or appoint another; and if any officer shall continue above a ycai in his office, the justices in their quarter sessions may discharge him, and put'in another, 'till the lord shall hold 2 court.

If constables lawfully chosen refuse to be sworn, a justice of the peace may bind them over to the assizes or sessions, there to be indicted.

High constables are to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, as other persons who qualify fot offices; but petty constables are exempted.

Every high and petty constable is by the common law con-fervator of the peace ; and therefore if any man shall make an affray or break the peace, the constable may commit him to the llocks or other safe custody for the present, and afterwards may carry him before a justice or to gaol, until he shall find surety for the peace.

But he cannot require surety of the peace, unless the offence be upon his own view ; for he cannot take any man's oath, because he is not a judge of record.

The constable is a proper officer to a justice of the peace, and bound to execute his warrants; and therefore it hath been resolved, that where a statute authorizes a justice of the

peace

\ Constable. 47

1 peace to convict a man of a crime, and to levy the penalty by { warrant of distress, without saying to whom such warrant j shall be directed, or by whom it shall be executed, the con- liable is the proper officer to serve such warrant, and indifta-l ble for disobeying it.

! No action shall be brought against any constable,' or other jperson acting by his order, and in his aid, for any thing done in obedience to the warrant of a justice of the peace, until I demand hath been made by the party, or his attorney, in writing, signed by the party demanding the same, of the pe-rufal and copy of such warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected for six days after such demand j and if such action be brought jointly against the justice and constable, on proof of such warrant, the jury shall find for the constable; and if the verdict be given against the justice, the plaintiff shall receive his colts against him, to be I taxed in such manner by the proper officer, as to include [such colls as the plaintiff is liable to pay to such defendant,

(for whom such verdict shall be found as aforesaid.

The constable ought not to return the warrant to the juf-Itice, but to keep it for his own junification; but he mull [certify to the justice what he hath done in the execution [thereof.

! The constable executing a justice's warrant, for levying a 17 C. 1.1. so. [penalty, or other sum of money directed by an act of parliament, by distress, may deduct his own reasonable charges iof taking, keeping, and felling the goods distrained; returning the overplus on demand, after such penalty or sum of money and charges deducted.---- See Commitment.

Every constable or other such officer shall every three jS C. 3. c. 19. months, and within 14. days after he shall go out of his office, deliver to the overseers a just account in writing, fairly entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, and signed by him, of all sums by him expended on account of the said parish, township, or place, in all cases not hitherto provided for by law, and also of all sums received by him on the account of the said parish, township, or place; and the overseers shall, within the next 14 days after the account shall be so delivered, lay the same before the inhabitants, and if approved by the majority of them, the overseers shall pay out of the poor rate such sum as shall appear to be due on the said account: But if the account, or any part thereof, shall be disallowed, the overseers shall deliver back to the constable, or other officer, such book of accounts; who may then produce the said book to a justice, giving reasonable notice thereof to the overseer; which justice shall examine the same, and hear and determine any objection that shall be made to the account, and settle the sum which shall appear to him to be due, and enter the same in the account, and sign his name thereto; and the overseers shall pay the

48 Constable.

same accordingly. — Provided, that if the overseer shall find that the parish, township, or place is aggrieved by any thing done or omitted by the said constable, or other officer, or by the' justice, he may, giving reasonable notice to the said justice, constable, or other officer, appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions. — And the justices in sessions may from time to time lay down or alter such rules and regulations as to any colls or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act,' as to them shall fecm just; which rules and regulations having received the approbation and signature of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

12 C. 2. t. 29. The high constables shall, at the general or quarter-sessions, if thereunto required, account for the general county rate by them received, on pain of being committed to gaol until .they shall account; and all their accounts and vouchers shall, 1 after having been pasted at the said sessions, be deposited with the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongst the records, and inspected by any justice without fee.

Dalt. c. 28. If there shall be cause to remove and put an high constable

from his place, it shall be done by the greater part of the justices of that division, or at the sessions.

zlleia, 65. The justices of the peace have also used, for good cause, to displace all such constables, as have been chosen and sworn by them.

Convifition.

WHERE a special power is given toajustice of the peace1 by act of parliament to convifl an offender in a summary manner, without a trial by jury, it mull appear that he hath ftrittly pursued that power ; otherwise the common law will break in upon him, and level all his proceedings. Therefore he mull proceed according to the course of common law in trials by juries, and consider himself only as constituted in the place both of judge and jury. There mull be an information or charge against a person ; then he mull be summoned, or have notice of fitch charge, and have an opportunity to make his defence ; and the evidence against him mull be such as the common law approves of, unless the statute specially directeth otherwise; then, if the person be found guilty, there must be a conviction, judgment, and execution, all according to the course of the common law, directed and influenced by the special authority given by statute ; and in the conclusion, there mull be a record of the whole proceedings, wherein the justice mull set forth the particular

mannci

j Con vision. 49

j manner and circumstances, so that, if he shall be called to j account by any superior court, it may appear that He hath

! conformed to the law, and not exceeded the bounds pre-

; scribed to his jurisdiction.

j Corn.

! /T'O buy or fell com in the lheaf, before it is threlhed 3 hjt. 197.

1 and measured, is against the common law of Eng-j land.

j In the measure of corn, the cultom of the place is to be Bari. 57S. j observed, if it be a custom beyond all memory, and used I Without any visible interruption.

s Every person, who shall unlawfully cut or take away any . ]>i c f i corn or grain growing, being convicted thereof by confession, ^

; or oath of one witness, before one j alike, shall for the first ; offence pay such damages as the justice shall appoint; and : if the justice shall think him not able or sufficient, or if ' he do not pay such damages, he shall commit him to the . 'constable where the offenceds committed, or where the party is apprehended, there.to be whipped; and for every other offence he shall in like manner be whipped. The constable refilling, shall be committed by the justice, till he cori-form.

The inspeflor of the returns of corn shall demand of every aIc. 3; cornfactor, in the Corn-Exchange, in Mark-lane, a weekly return of the several quantities of corn or grain by him htma side fold and delivered in such week, as also the name'or names of the purchaser or purchasers thereof, which return shall be signed by each cornfactor delivering the same, and a tran-feript of such account shall be published in the London Gazette weekly; which shall be deemed to have been the average prices, during each respective week, in Kent, Essex, and London; The weekly returns taken by the inspeflor, shall be filed, and deposited in his office. The inspeflor shall compute the aggregate quantity of each fort of-igrain, and the average prices thereof, which shall be fold previous to the sessions for London, in April 1782 ; and so on from, session . to session; which account he shall ttanferibe into a book; and deliver, on the first day of the said sessions, (and afterwards on the first day of each quarter sessions,) in open court, to the lord mayor, aldermen, justices of the peace for the city of London. The duties on importation of foreign grain shall be regulated by the said average prices. The cornfactors ' shall verify their returns on oath, under a penalty of, from 25I. to yol. one moiety to the inspeflor, and another as the, court shall think proper, if they obey , not the summons of the court; The proprietors, in case of the ihfpeflor's sickness,

H may

5°

z Haw* 41.

4 Tnjl. 271.

28 EJ. 3.c, 6.

2 flaw.'43, 44, Jhlc'i PI170.

4 £J. i.JI. 1.

2 'Injl. 14S.

2 11. II. 60.

P/. i7( 25 c;, 2. t. 29,

1

Corn. !

. . . i

may appoint a substitute; which appointment shall be pie-! fcnted to the next sessions. Cornfactors neglecting to delivet I weekly returns, to be summoned before the feifions, and in j case they ihn.ll not appear, the said persons so offending shall be fined not more than ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be divided as before — A duty of a halfpenny per last on all corn fold shall be paid to the inspector, the amount thereof to be stated, and presented to the sessions twice a year. — The inspector shall give security in a sum not less than two[ hundred pounds, nor more than three hundred pounds, for: fhc faithful accounting and payment of all monies received by him by virtue of this act. — If the justices shall neglect to appoint proper persons to make returns, the of of the treasury shall appoint them until the Michaelmas sessions next following.

Coroner.

CORONERS are ancient officers by the common law, so called because they deal principally with ,the pleas of the crown, and were of old time the principal conservators of the peace-

in ancient times this office was of great estimation ; for none could have it under the degree of a knight.

The coroner shall be chosen in the county court, by the commons of the same county.

And none but freeholders have a voice at such election. When any person comes to an unnatural death, the town-ship shall give notice thereof to the coroner. Otherwise if the body be interred before he come, the township shall be amerced.

When notice is given to the coroner, he is to issue a precept to the constables of the four, five, or fix next townships, to return a competent number of good and lawful men of their townships, to appear before him in such a place, and to make an inquisition touching the matter. Or he may fend his precept to the constable of the hundred.

These are to be at leaf! twelve.

The jury appearing is to be sworn and charged by the coroner to esquire, upon the view of the body, how the party came by his death.

» If the body cannot be viewed, the coroner can do nothing: but the justices of the peace shall esquire thereof.

1 For every inquisition (not taken upon view of a body dying in gaol) he shall have 20s. and also gi. for every mile he shall be compelled to travel from his usual place of abode to taks such inquisition ; to be paid by order of the justices in fcl-lions, out of the county rates — And for every inquisition taken on view of a body dying in prison, he shall be paid so much, not exceeding 20s. as the justices in sessions shall allow, .10 be oaid in like manner.

Colli

51

Gofts.

WHERE any complaint shall be made before a justice, ,sc _ and a warrant or summons shall issue in consequence thereof, it shall be lawful for such justice, who shall have heard and determined the matter of the complaint, to award such costs to be paid by either party, and in such manner and form as to him shall seem meet, to the party injured: and if the person so ordered by the justice shall not forthwith pay, or give security for the same, to the satisfaction of the justice, it shall be levied by distress: and if goods and chattels of such person cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for the place where such person shall reside, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month, norlefs than ten days, or until such sum, together with the expences attending the commitment, be first paid. — Provided, that where the penalty shall amount to or exceed the sum of jl. the said costs shall be deducted by the justice, according to his direction, out of the penalty, so that the said' deduction shall not exceed one fifth part of the penalty. — And the justices in sections from time to time may lay down or alter such rules and regulations concerning'costs or charges to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act, as to them shall fccmjuft: which rules and regulations, having, received the approbation and signature of one or more of the judges of af-size, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

County-Court.

NO plaint shall be entered in the county-court, but g f where the plaintiff, or his attorney is present; and the ‘7 ' 3 plaintiff shall find pledges to pursue his plaint; and he shall have but one plaint for one trespass, on pain of 40s. half to the king, and half to the prosecutor. -And one justice may examine the sheriff or other officer, making default; and shall, within a quarter of a year, certify the examination into the exchequer.

County-Rate.

THE justices at their general or quarter sections, or the ^ , greater part of them, shall have power to make one ' general county-rate.

For the repairing of bridges, and highways thereto adjoining, and salaries for the surveyors of bridges.

H a

For

52

County Rate.

zilSnty. c.19. 9 G. 3. c. 20.

7 4-

43 £/. c. I.

. 14 El. c. 5.

14 G. 3. c. 59. ?3 P- 3-« 5s-19 C. 2. t. 4. 12 G. 2. c. 29. 10 G. 3. C. 3gt J2G.2. c. 29.

J4G. ?. c. 33. 17 g: 2. c. s:

2 (7. 3. 20.

25 C. 2. C. 29. 27 G. 2. c. 3. 14 G. 3. c. 20.

25 C. 2. f. 36. 2fl y. 2.' C.‘ ig.

32 G.?. C.2S.

fi G. f. 23. fif 39 G. 3. r. 74.

2 £f 3 M. c 6.

32 G. 2. t. 29.

' *

For building and repairing county gaols.

For repairing llnre-halls.

. For the salary of the mailer of the house of correction, and relieving the weak and sick in his custody.

For the relief of the prisoners in the kin'g's-bench and marshalsea prisons; and of poor hospitals in the county, and of those that shall fullain losses by ifire, water, the sea, or ; other casualties, attd other charitable purposes for the relief I of the poor, as the justices in felGons shall think fit.

For the relief of prisoners in the county, gaol.

For the preservation of the health of the prisoners.

For the salary of the chaplain of the county gaol. Forfetting prisoners to work.

The treasurer's salary.

Salary of persons making returns of the prices of corn. . Charges attending the removal of any of the said general county rates by certiorari.

Money for purchasing lands at the ends of county bridges. Charges of building or repairing honfes of correction, and for fitting up and furnishing the same, and employing the persons sent thither. — -Charges of apprehending, conveying, and maintaining rogues and vagabonds.

Charges of the soldiers' carnages, over and above the officers' pay for the same, by the several- yearly, acts against mutiny and desertion, and by the militia aft.

The coroner's fee of 9d, a mile for travelling to take an inquisition, and 20s. for taking it.

Charges of carrying persons to the gaol, or house of cor-rest.ion.

The gaoler's fees for persons acquitted of felony, or discharged by proclamation.'

Charges of prosecuting and convicting felons.

Charges of prosecuting and convidling persons plundering i Ihipwrecked goods. I

" Charges of maintaining the militia mens' families, by the several militia acts.

Charges of- bringing insolvent debtors to the assizes, in . order to their discharge, if themselves are not able to pay'. j The charges of transporting felons, or conveying them to the places of labour and confinement.

Charges of carrying parish apprentices, bound to the fca-servicej to the port to which the mailer belongeth.

The churchwardens and overseers (ha\l, in 30 days after demand made, out of the money collected for relief of the poor, pay the sums so alfelfed on each parish or. place. And if they shall neglect or refuse so to pay, the' high constable shall levy the same' by distress and file of their goods, by warrant of two or more justices redding in or near such parish or place.- — Where there is no poor rate, the justices in their general or quarter-sessions, shall by their order direct the: sum alfelfed on such parish, township, or place, to be

53

County Rate.

rated and levied by the petty conilable, or other peace officer, as money for relief of the poor is by law to be rated or levied. — The high constables, at or before the next sessions respectively after they have received the money, shall pay the same to the treasurer j and the money so paid, shall be deemed the public flock. — And the said high constables shall deliver in a true account on oath (if required) of the money by them received, before the said justices at their general or quarter-sessions. — The treasurer shall pay so much of the money in his hands, to such persons, as the justices in sessions shall by their order from time to time appoint, for any uses and purposes' to which the public flock of any county, city, division, or liberty, is or shall be applicable_And shall deliver in a true account, on oath if required, of his receipts and disbursements, to the justices at every general or quarter-sessions, and also the proper vouchers for the same, to be kept amongst the records of the sessions. — And the discharge of the said justices, by their order at their general or quarter-sessions, shall be a sufficient discharge to the treasurer — And no new rate shall be made, until it appear by the treasurer's accounts, or otherwise, .that three-so.urths of the money col-lefled have been expended for the purposes aforesaid. — If the churchwardens and overseers of any parish or place shall think such parish or place is over-rated, they may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions.

CuRoms. See Excise, so far as justices of the peace, and other officers are concerned.

Custos Rotulorum.

NO person shall be appointed to the office of cujios mtu- 37 J{. 8, 1.1> lorum, but such as shall have a bill signed with the king's hand for the same.

Debtors.

INSOLVENT 'debtors brought to the assizes, in order to 32 c. 1.1. it.

be discharged, shall pay for their bringing thither, not exceeding 1 ad. a mile ; and if they are not able to pay, then the same shall be paid by the treasurer, out of the county-flock.

Demurrey.

fFcod. b. 4, e.

3 ty- 57-

1 Si. e. 5.

23 El.i.

29 El. r. 6.

Demurrer.

A DEMURRER (from dcmarari) iignifies an abiding in point of law, upon which the defendant joins issue, allowing the fact to be true as laid in the indictment.

Deodand.

DEODAND is, when any moveable thing inanimate,' or bead animate, doth move to or cause the untimely death of any reasonable creature, by mischance, without the will or fault of himself, or of any person.

Dissenters.

EVERY person, not having reasonable excuse, shall resort to their parish church or chapel, or upon reasonable let thereof, to some usual place where common-prayer shall be used, on every Sunday and holiday; on pain of punishment by the censures of the church, or of forfeiting for every offence I2d.

Every person above the age of 16, who shall not repair to some church, or chapel, or usual place of common-prayer, shall forfeit for every month 20I. And if he shall forbear for 12 months, he shall be bound to the good behaviour till lie conform.

Every offender in not repairing to church, having been once convicted, shall, without any other indictment or conviction, pay half-yearly into the Exchequer 20I. for every month afterwards, until he conform; which if he shall omit to do, the king may seize all his goods, and two parts of his lands.

By the 1 W. c. iS. commonly called the all of toleration, which by the 19 C. 3. e. 44. is declared to be a public act, it is enacted, that the (latutes aforesaid shall not extend to any person dissenting from the church of England, who shall at the general sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place where such person shall live, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and subscribe the said declaration against popery: of which the court shall keep a register.--- Provided, that the place of meeting be certified to the bi-shop of the diocese, or to the archdcaco&of the archdeaconry,

' or

Dissenters. 55

or to the justice's of the peace at the general or quarter-sessions.

If any person shall take upon him to preach or teach in any tl Cor. i. c. i. meeting or conventicle, in other manner than according to

the practice of the church of England, he shall forfeit for the first offence 20I. and for every other offence 40I. And if he be a stranger, or in the judgment of the justice of the peace before whom he is convicted, unable to pay, it may be levied on the goods of any person present.

But by the aforesaid act of toleration, and by the 19 G. 3. c. 44. No person dissenting from the church of England, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, nor any preacher or teacher of any congregation of dissenting protestants, shall be liable to any penalty for dissenting, who shall, at. the sessions as aforesaid, take the said oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and fnblcribe the said declaration again!!.popery, and also make and subscribe a declaration in the words; following, viz. I A. B. do solemnly declare, in the presence of almighty God, that I am a christian and a protestant, and as such, that I believe that the scriptures of the old and new left ament, as commonly received among protestant churches, do contain the revealed will of God; and that / do receive the same as the rule of my doClrine and practice.

Distress.

A DISTRESS is the taking of a personal chattel out of the possession of the wrong doer, into the custody of the party injured, to procure a satisfaction for tits wrong committed.

Distress for' rent mull be, for rent in arrear. It mull not 2 Injl. 107. be after tender of payment.

If any distress and sale shall be made, for rent in arrear a I!', f. t. c. 5, and due, when none is in truth due, the owner shall recover double value with full colls.

If any tenant shall fraudulently convey off the premises his u G. 1. c. 10, goods or chattels, to prevent the landlord from distraining, inch landlord, or any person by him lawfully impowered, may in 30 days next after such conveying away, seize the same wherever they shall be found, and dispose of them ini such manner, as if they had been distrained on the premises.

— And every person so offending, shall forfeit to the landlord double the value of such goods, to be recovered in any court of record at Westminster__But if the goods shall not exceed

the value of 50I. the landlord or his agent may exhibit a complaint in writing before two justices of the peace of the same county or division, residing near the place where such goods and chattels were removed, or near the place where

56 Distress.

the lame were found, not being interested in the lands or tenements whence such goods were removed; who may summon the.parties concerned, examine the fast and all proper witnesses upon oath, and in a fnmmary way determine whether such pert son or persons be guilty of the offence, with which he or they are charged, and to enquire in like manner of the value of such.goods and chattels; and upon.full proof of the offence, by order under their hands and seals the said justices shall adjudge the offender or offenders to pay double the value of the said goods and chattels-; and if the offender or offenders, having notice of such order, shall refuse or riegleft so to do, they' mall by their warrant, levy the same by distress; and,.for want of such distress, may commit the offender or offenders to thehouse of correction, there-to be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for the' space of six months, unless the money so ordered to be. paid as :aforesaid shall he

sooner satisfied_Persons aggrieved by order of such justices,

may appeal to the next general or quarter-sessions. r Injt. 47. If a man break the pound, or the lock of it, or part of it, he greatly offendeth again It the peace, and therefore hue and cry is to be levied against him, and the party who distrained may take the goods, again, wheresoever he shall find them, and impound them again. n G, s. c. 19. If any tenant at rack rent, or where the rent reserved shall be full threerfoitrths of the yearly value of the demised premises, who shall be in arrear for one year's rent, shall desert the premises, two justices (having no interest in the premises) may, at the request of the landlord, go upon and view the same, and affix on the most notorious part of the premises, notice in writing, what day (at the distance of 14 days at the lealt) they will return to take a second view; and if on such second view, the tenant shall riot appear and pay the rent, or there shall not be sufficient distress on the premises, then the justices may put the landlord into possession, and the lease as to such demise shall from thence be void — But the tenant may appeal to the next justice or justices of assize; who may award colls to either party. — And the justices in this, and all other the like cases, ought to make a record of the whole proceedings, to be produced afterwards in case of an action brought against the landlord by such tenant. sj.C. i. f. io. In all cases where any justice of the peace is or shall be required or impowered by any act of parliament, to issue a warrant of distress, for the levying of any penalty inflicted, or any sum of money directed to be paid by such act, it shall be lawful for the justice granting such warrant, therein to order and direct the goods and chattels so to be distrained, to be sold and disposed of within a certain time to be limited in such warrant, not less than four days, nor more than eight days, unlcf; the penalty or sum of money for

which

Distress

57

which such distress shall be made, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping such distress, be sooner paid. — And the officer may deduct all reasonable charges out of the money arising by such sale; and the overplus (if any) shall be returned on demand to the owner of the goods so diilrained.

I Dogs.

IF a person shall (teal any dog or dogs, or shall receive of q.

keep any such dog or dogs, knowing the same, to have ' 3' j been stolen; every such person shall, on conviction upon the ; oath of one witness, or his or her own confession, before two ! justices, forfeit for the first offence any sum not exceeding 30I.

! nor less than 20I. as to such justices shall seem meet, together i with the charges previous to and attending such conviction; and if hot forthwith paid, the said justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol for any time not exceeding 12 calendar months, nor less than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and for every second offence of the same kind, the offender shall forfeit not exceeding 50I. nor less than 30I. as to such justices shall seem meet; which said penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall be paid, half to the informer, and half to the poor; and upon nonpayment thereof, such justices shall commit the offender to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding 18 months, nor less than 12, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and such justices shall also order the offender to be pub-sickly whipped, within three days after such commitment, in the town wherein such gaol or house of correction shall be, between the hours of twelve and one of the clock. — One justice, on information to him made, may grant a warrant to search for any dog stolen, or the (kin thereof; and the person in whose custody such dog or skin shall be found, shall be liable to the like penalties, as persons convicted of stealing any dog or dogs are herein before made subject to — If any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, such person may appeal to the next general quarter sessions, within four days after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving 14. days notice of his intention to appeal.

[N. B. Some difficulties in this act very properly pointed out in Burn, which fee, article Dogr.]

kfcape.

c. j8.

5?

Escape.

AN escape is, where one that is arrested gaineth his liberty, before he is delivered by courfeoflaw.

- Haw. 139. Wherever a person is found guilty upon an indictment 0:

i II. H. 603. presentment of a negligent escape of a criminal actually in hi-:

custody, he is punishable by fine and imprisonment, according to the quality of the offence.

16 G. 2. !. 31. If any person shall aflitt any prisoner to attempt his escape from any gaol, if such prisoner was then attainted or convicted of treason or felony (except petty larceny) or lawfully committed to, or detained in any gaol, for treason or felony (except petty larceny) expressed in the warrant of commit, mentj he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years; and if such prisoner was then convicted of, or detained in gaol for petty larceny, or any other crime not being treason or felony, expressed in the warrant of commitment, or was then in gaol for debt amounting to iool. he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable to fine and imprisonment. — -And if any person shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any difgttife, injlntmenl, or arms, to any prisoner in gaol, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported

for seven years, or be liable to line and imprisonment_If any person shall aflill a prisoner to attempt to escape from an; ctmjlabk or other person, who shall have lawful charge of him, he shall be guilty of felony, and be transported for seven

years___All prosecutions on this act to be commenced within

it year after the offence committed.

Eftray.

Tf STRJi' is, mb.-re anyhorfes, /keep, begs, hafts, or firm fv...,.jpy a„.c !,la a ImJjhp, an.i are not e-weed by ai; man.

Cm. £.72,. 71S. It seemeth to be agreed, that waifs and strays ought to be proclaimed in the two next market towns; and that if they arc not proclaimed, the owner may take the ilray goods again at any time.

0.iit. swr. -9. He who taketh an ejiray, may keep it until he be satisfied

for titc finding, keeping, and proclaiming thereof. ti?..;, 13. Waifs and llrays, not claimed within the year and day,

arc the lord's.

Thai

Eftray,; 59

That is to say, after he hath had the bead a year and a u Mid. 89.. day from the time of the proclamation, and not from the time of the seizure: for after the first proclamation it bc-cometh an ellray, but not sooner.

Estreat.

ESTREAT (extraSum) is used for the true cop)' or note of some original writing or record, and especially of lines and amerciaments, imposed in the rolls of a court, to be levied by the bailiff or other officer.

In levying, the sheriff shall shew the ellreats under the seal 4- -Ed. 3. c. 9. of the exchequer, to the party indebted; on pain of treble damages to the party, and line to the king, on conviction before the juliices of the peace, or other juliices.

And the sheriff shall make no eflrcats to levy his own amer- n -tf. 7- >5-

ciaments, till two juliices (1 Q.) to be named at Michaelmas sessions by the cujios rotulonim, or in his absence by the elded in the- commission, have inspected his books; and the said ellreats flia.ll be indented betwixt the said juliices and sheriff, foaled with their seals, the one part to remain with the juliices, and the other with the sheriff: and the persons who shall gather the said amerciaments, shall be sworn.by the said juliices, that they shall take no more than is forfeited, and contained in the said ellreats.

Evidence.

BEFORE a jufliccof the peace, in divers cases, one witness is sufficient to convict an offender; the same being di-rested by special statutes.

But in case of high treason, no person shall be attainted, 7 W. t. 3. but upon the oaths of two witnesses.

Devises of lands shall be attested by three witnesses at *9c- - 3-the lead.

The confession of the-defendant, whether taken on an ex- 1-R,1W,419> animation before juliices of the peace, or in disconrfe with private persons, hath always been allowed to be given in evidence, against the party confessing, but not against others.

-An attainder, judgment, or conviction of treason, felony, perjury, or forgery on 5 El. and also judgment to Hand on I0,' the pillory, or to be whipped or branded, are good causes of exception against a witness, while they continue in force.

I 2 The

6o

a 11. II. 282.

57 c: a. !. 3. js a. 3. f. 19.

£ £/ c- 9-

Lit, 36.

T&IMc. 34-Dytr 53.

St. TV. V. 4, 9.

2 Haw. 42S.

TAm. c/' Eviti. ^ 11-

St. Tr. V. 1. 10--

Evidence.

The compulsory means to bring in witnesses are of two kinds. 1. By process otfubpatna, issued in the king's'name, ; by the justices, or others, where the trial is to bev 2. (which is the more ordinary and more effectual means in criminal cases) the justices that take the examination of the person accused, and the information of the witnesses, may at' that time, or at any time after, and before the trial, bind! over the witnesses to appear at the fcllions 3 and in case of; their refusal either to come, or to be bound over, may commit them for their contempt in such refusal.

When any poor person-Mil'appear on recognizance in any; court to give evidence, the court may order the treasurer:to! pay. him fuchfum as they shall think reasonable, except ia Middlesex, where the same shall be paid by -the overseers of the- poor where the person was apprehended.- The justices in sessions from time to time may lay down or: alter such rules and regulations concerning any coftsor charges to be allowed to any person by-virtue of this act, as; to them shall seem just; which rules and regulations,-; having received the approbation and lignature of one or more of the judges of assize, Mil be binding on all persons whatsoever. . - r

. if-any person, upon whom a process out of any of the courts of record shall beferved; to testify or depose concerning any matter depending therein, and having tendered unto him z reasonable sum for his costs and charges; do not appear according-to the tenor of the process, having not a lawful and reasonable impediment, he shall forfeit uol.-'and Mil yield such further recompence to the party aggrieved, as to the judge ,of the court shall seem meet, i In criminal cases, if a witness hath been bound over, and do not .appear, he Mil forfeit his recognizance.

. He who affirms the matter in issue, whether plaintiff or defendant, ought to begin to give evidence.

The evidence both for and against a prisoner, ought to he

upon oath.'....

- But a quaker's affirmation, in all cases not being criminal, shall be allowed as evidence, without an oath; but in' criminal cases; his affirmation MU'not be allowed.

It is no satisfaction for a witness to say, that he thinks or persuades- himself;.-the judge ought- to-have-more ground than thinking.

' The' court may indulge a prisoner in examining the witnesses. apart, but he camiot demand it of-right.

In cases-of life,-no evidence-.is-to be given against a prisoner, -but in his presence. - -t ;: 1....

.' In every issue,- the affirmative is to be proved. A negative cannot regularly be proved.

A prisoner may- not call witnesses to disprove what his

own witnesses have sworn,..... :

A witness

. Evidence; 61

A witness shall not be permitted to read his evidence, but Stt 7-r_ K _ he may look upon his notes to refresh his memory.

" A witness shall not be cross examined, till he has gone St.Tr.y.zj^ thro' the evidence for the party on whose side he was produced....

A deposition taken by a witness before a justice of the zHmv.tfo, peace, may at the prisoner's desire be,read at the trial, in order to take off the credit of the witness, by Ihcwing a variance between such depositions, and the evidence given in court.

' There may be four witnesses put in one fubpccna.

Examination.

IF a felony is committed, and one is brought before a juf-

tice upon suspicion thereof, and the jttftice finds upon ex- ae‘1 4' amination that the prisoner is not guilty, yet the justice shall not discharge him, but he mull either be bailed or. committed ; for it is not fit that a man once arrested and charged with felony, or suspicion thereof, should be delivered, upon arty man's discretion, without farther trial.

In order to which bail or commitment, the examination and information of the parties mull firit be taken, according to the following statutes: .

Twoormorejultiees (i £K) or one of the said justices, be- igt- p.&nf. fore they bail a person apprehended for felony (if the offence c. 13. is bailable) shall take his examination, and the information of them that bring him, of the fail and circumstances thereof, and the same, or. as much thereof as shall be material to prove the felony, shall put in writing; which examination they shall certify (together with the bailment) at the next general gaol delivery, to be holden within the limits of their commission.-7-And they shall have power to bind by recognizance all such as do declare any thing material to prove tlje offence, to appear at the next general gaol delivery; and shall certify such recognizance in like manner. — And if they offend in any thing herein, they shall be fined by the justices of gaol delivery.

Where the person is not bailed, but committed, the inf- its tice or justices, who commit him, shall, before such commit- lament, take the like examination and information, and shall put the same in writing within two days after the said examination, and shall in like manner bind over the witnesses; and certify the Whole as above.

If on some reasonable hindrance the justice cannot at the jgj,

return of the warrant take the examination, he may by word of mouth command the constable Or any other person, to de- " tain

6 2 Examination.

tain in custody the prisoner till the next day; and then to bring him before the justice, for farther examination.

a Haw. 119. But the time of the detainer mull be no longer than is necessary.

iH.ll. 585. The examination of the person accused, ought not to be

upon oath.

Dalt. c. 164. But if upon his examination he shall fonfefs the matter, it shall not be amiss that lie subscribe his name, or mark to it.

2 Haw. 4agt Which examination being voluntary, and sworn by the justice or his clerk to be truly taken, may be given in evidence against the party con felling, but not against others.

Excise and Customs.

6 ir. 1.

13®114 c, c. 11.

£ C.i3.

9 0. 2. c. 35.

AI.L officers, who shall haye any employment in or about the customs, shall at their admission, if it is within the ports of London, take an oath of office before two of; and elsewhere, before two justices of the peace: and every person not taking such oath, shall forfeit his office. And the persons authorised to administer the oath, shall certify the taking thereof, to the next sessions.

If any carman, porter, waterman, or other person, shall assist in the taking up, landing, shipping off, or carrying away, any goods, without a warrant and presence of an officer of the customs, such person being apprehended by the warrant of any justice of the peace, and the same being proved by the oath of two witnesses, the said offender for the first offence shall by the justice be committed to gaol, until he be discharged by the lord treasurer, chancellor, under-treasurer, or barons of the exchequer; and for the second offence he may by any justice of the peace as aforesaid, be committed to the next gaol, there to remain for two months withdtit bail, or until he shall pay to the llieriff ;1. for the king's ufc, or until he shall be discharged by the court of exchequer as aforesaid.

The statute of 8 G. c. 18. brings the recognizance not only of the said forfeiture, but also of several others hereafter following, under the jurisdiction of the justices of the peace. All seizures may in a summary way. be determined by two justices of the peace residing near the place where the seizure is made; who shall summon the party accused, and on appearance or default proceed to hear and give judgment, and issue warrants for sale of such as shall be by them condemned; whole judgment shall not be liable to any appeal Or certiorari.

In trials of seizures, the justices shall proceed to the merits of the cause, without enquiring into the form or manner of seizure. 1

Any

Excise and Customs. 63

Any officer of die customs or excise, and their assistants, tQ c_f> e may arrest persons who shall be found aiding in and unship- J ping any uncustomed or prohibited goods to be laid on

I land; and shall forthwith carry them before a just ice residing near; who shall, if he fee cause, commit the offender to the S county gaol till the next general quarter-sessions. In which case, the officer shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appear and prosecute. And the justices at such sessions shall i hear and determine the offence, and, in lieu of any other pu-' nishment by any former act, may commit the offender to hard labour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, nor less than one.

Where the officers of customs or excise shall find on board IA. of any ship coming from foreign parts, within the limits of any port of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds weight of tea (not being in an East India ship), or more than a hundred gallons of foreign brandy or other foreign spiritu-ous liquors (over and above two gallons for every feamau)

' and being in calks under 60 gallons; the mailer, or other person having charge of the ship, shall forfeit 300I. And the said officers, or their aifistants, may arrest such matter or other person, and carry,him before a justice residing near; who shall before the justice enter into a recognizance of 300I, to [ appear in the court of exchequer within the first'four days of the next term, to any information that may be exhibited against him: And the justice shall transmit the recognizance to the king's remembrancer in the said court. And if such person shall refuse to enter into such recognizance, the justice shall commit him to the next county gaol, till he shall enter into such recognizance.

On oath made before a justice of the peace, that any person 9 c. 2.

' is lurking within five miles of the fca coast or any navigable ! river, and that there is season to suspect that he waits with in-[ tent to be aiding in running goods, the justice may grant his 1 warrant to bring him before him ; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account of himself and his employment, or other-wiic make it appear that he is not concerned in any clandestine or unlawful business, he shall be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to .hard labour not exceeding one month : And the of of the customs or excise shall cause to be paid to the informer a reward of zos. for each offender..! — But if such person shall delire time for clearing himself, he shall not be punished by whipping or other correction, but committed to the common gaol till he shall so do, or till he find security not, to be guilty of any the said-offences.

If any person shall knowingly receive or buy any run goods: S a. < :2. he shall on conviction (after summons) by- confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice where the offence shall be committed or the offender shall be found, forfeit zoi. half to

6^ Excise and Customs.

the informer, and half to the poor, by distress;; for want of distress, to be committed to prison for three months, g G. % . c. 35. -All porters, and others, knowingly carrying run or pro-hibited goods, and who shall be convicted thereof (on ap.

pearance or default) on the oath of one witness, or confession,

before one justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found, shall- forfeit treble value, half to the informer, and half to the poor, to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice, and for want of distress to be committed to the house of correction, to be whipt and kept to hard labour not exceeding three months. — Persons being two.or more in company, who shall be found passing wit.hin live miles from, the coast with nwre than "six pounds of tea, or spirituous liquors exceeding five gallons, not having paid the duties^ and not having a permit; or any other foreign goods of above 30I. .value, landed without entry and payment-of duties, and who shall carry, any offensive arms, or wear any disguise, or shall forcibly obstruct, or refill any. officer of the customs or excise; shall be deemed runners of foreign goods. — And if any officer or other perfoil shall lqfe any limb, or be otherwise maimed or dangerously wourided in endeavour: ing to apprehend him, he shall, on the conviction of such offender, have a reward of 5.0I. over arid above, any other reward he may be entitled to by this act. — -And if any person be killed in endeavouring to apprehend such offender, his executors or admiriillrators (on certificate under hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the fast was done, or of the two next justices of the peace, of such person being so killed) shall have 50I. over and above any other reward they may be intitled to by this act. igff. 3. c. 69. If any persons, to the number of two or more, shall be found passing with any horse, cart, or carriage, whereon shall be laden more than six pounds weight of tea, or foreign spirituous liquors exceeding five gallons, not having paid the duty, and not having a permit; and shall carry any offensive arms, or wear any disguise, when passing with such tea or spirituous liquors: any officer of the customs or excise, and all other persons acting in their aid, may arrest the offenders, and carry them before a justice, who, if he fee cause, shall commit them to the county gaol, 'till the next general quarter sessions. And in such case, the officer, who conveys any such offender before the justice, shall enter into recognizance in 40I. to appear and prosecute. And the commissioner shall order the charges of prosecution to be paid by the receiver-general of the customs or excise respectively. And the justices, at such sessions, shall hear and determine" the offence. And if the offender be convicted, they shall, in lieu of any other punishment by any former act, commit him to hard labour in the house of correction, not exceeding three years, nor less than one.

Excise and Customs. 65

And upon information on oath before a justice of the peace, ? C- 2- f- ^ s, that any persons, to the number of three or more, are or 7 have been assembled, to be aiding in the clandestine running, landing, or carrying away prohibited and uncustomed goods,

or to rescue them after seizure, and armed with fire arms or other oJFenjive weapons, he shall grant his warrant to the constables and other peace officers, requiring them to take to their assistance as many as may be thought necessary for apprehending such pdrfons; and he may, if on examination he find cause, commit them to the next county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until they be discharged by due course of law: and such persons, on conviction of their being assembled and armed as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

If any persons, to the number of three or more, armed 19 G. 2. c, 34. with fire arms or other offensive weapons, shall be assembled in order to assist in the exportation of goods prohibited to be exported, or in running any prohibited or uncustomed goods, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy — And if any persons be charged with any the said offences, before a justice of the peace, by information on oath of one or more credible persons to be subscribed by him or them, the justice shall forthwith certify the same under his hand and seal, and return the information to one of the secretaries of state, who shall lay the same before the king in council; who may thereupon make his order, commanding the offender to surrender in 40 days after the first publication thereof in the gazette, to the lord chief justice, or any other of the justices of the king's bench, or to some justice of the peace, who thereon shall commit him to gaol, to anfiver the charge against him according to due course of law: And if such offender shall not surrender pursuant to such order, or escape after surrender, he shall be attainted of felony without benefit of clergy. — And if any person after the time appointed for surrender, shall knowingly harbour such offender, he shall, on conviction within one year, be guilty of felony, and

transported for seven years___And every person who shall take, or discover so that he may be taken, any person so advertised and not surrendering, and cause him to be brought before the judge of the king's bench, or justice of the peace for London or Middlesex (who shall commit him to Newgate) shall receive 500I. in one month after execution awarded, from the of of the customs or excise respectively:

And if any person shall be killed in apprehending such offender, his executors or administrators shall receive tool.

Where any officer or officers of the customs shall be by any 13 S 14 C.a. person armed, beaten of wounded, to the hazard of their c " lives, in execution of their office, every person so abusing any such officer or his deputy, shall, by the next justice orother raagistrate, be committed to prison to the next quarter-fef-K lions;

66 Excise and Customs.

15 G‘ ' 34-

sjG'. 3. t. 69.

fions; and the said sessions shall punish him by fine, not exceeding tool, and the offender to remain in prison till he be discharged, by order of the exchequer, both of the fine and of the imprisonment, or discover the person that set him on work.

If any officer or other person employed in seizing any goods forfeited, or in endeavouring to apprehend offenders again!! this act, shall be beaten or killed, or the goods.seized be refeued, the hundred shall answer damages, and also pay lool. to the executors or administrators of such person killed, fb as the sum for beating exceed not 40I. nor for the loss of goods zool. to be recovered and levied as in cases of robbery by the 8 G. 2 — But no person shall recover damages for such beating or loss of goods, unless he give notice in four days to two inhabitants near, and in eight days make oath before a justice, whether he knew any of the persons concerned, and if he did, he shall be bound over to prosecute ; and unless, besides the said notice and recognizance, he give such notice and cuter into such recognizance as persons robbed by the 8 G. 2. are directed to give.

If any officer of the customs or excise shall not use his bcfl endeavours to seize any tea, coffee, or foreign spirituousji. quors, or to flop, detain, and carry before one or more justices any offender, in such case, ope justice residing near to the place where such officer shall make default, on complaint thereof made to him within three months after such default, may examine into the truth of such complaint; and if it shall appear to.the said justice:, that there is reasonable ground fot the complaint, he (trail transmit the said complaint, together with the examinations taken before him thereon, unto the of of the customs or excise respectivel'y; who shall, by such ways and means as to them shall seem meet, examine into the truth of the premises. And in case they shall think fit on the ground thereof to dismiss the officer from his majesty's service, lie shall be incapable of executing any office in the customs or excise for the future. — Provided, that no person shall be compelled to go above five miles from his ttfual place of abode, to be examined before any justice, upon any complaint made to him as aforesaid.

Excise in general.

ta Car. j. r. 34. NO person shall be capable of intermeddling with any office relating to the excise, until he shall, before two justices in the county where his employment shall be, or before a baron of the exchequer, take the oaths of allegiance and fupre-rnacy, together with this oath following:

/ ou shall J'tvrar to execute the of.ee of ----- -truly mi

faithfully, vtiihout favour or affection, .‘.nil fall from time ti

tith

Excise in general.

time true account make ami deliver to such person or persons as his majesty shall appoint to receive the same, ami shall take no fee or_ reward for the execution of the said office, from any other person than from his majesty, or tkofc whom his majesty shall appoint in I that behalf

And the ju dices shall certify the taking of such oath to the next quarter fetiians, there to be recorded.

I Ana he shall also, within six months after his admission to

(the office, take the oaths and subscribe the declaration against transnbftantiation, at the quarter-sessions ; in- like manner as other persons admitted to offices.

The collector's business is, every six weeks to go his rounds j am. Ex.-k. and in the intervals of rounds, he is to be affilling in prose-euting offenders before the justices.

In case of appeals they shall be heard and determined by ,2 cor.z. c 5 any two or more justices of the peace, residing near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made, or offence com-| jnitted: and in case of neglect or refufid of such justices by the space of 14 days next after complaint made, and notice thereof given to the offender, the fubcommissioners may hear : and determine the same.

The of and justices may summon ivitnesses, to 7s'S//' appear before them at a certain day, time, and place, to be inferred in fuel) liimmons, anti to give evidence; and in case of neglect or refusal to .appear, or if upon appearance any JhalJ refuse to give evidence, he shall forfeit iol.

One or more justices shall have power to administer an oath u <;, c. -to any person skilled in the value of goods, vessels, or carriages, mentioned to have been seized in any information ex. hibited before the justices, who shall view the same; and after condemnation, the said goods shall be fold where the of shall think proper.

The justices, of, or fubcommissioners, relpec- ^ __ tively, where they shall see canfe, may mitigate, compound or lessen the forfeiture, penalty or fine; so as the same be [ not made less than double the value of the duty of excise ! which ought to hare been paid, befi'des the reasonable costs ; and charges of such officers, or others, as were employed 1 therein, to be to them allowed by the said'justices.

Ale, Cyder, Perry, Vinegar, &c.

IF cyder or perry, having paid the duties, shall afterwards, 6 c. 3. r by being unfit for foie as cyder or perry, be charged with the duties on vinegar ; three of of excise, or. two justices, on proof thereof, shall discharge the duties thereon imposed by this act.

As often as there shall be occasion, two able artists shall be ,<;cor appointed, one of them by the of or. ftibcommif. "2 K 2 sioners,.

68

iw.ffl. I.

99' 3- 43

Excise. [Ale, Cyder, &c.)

sioners, and the other by the brewers of any city or place; who shall be sworn before a justice, to take and compute the just contents and gage of all coppers, fats, and brewing'vessels, and to deliver under their hands one' copy of the contents to the of and fubcommissioners, and another to each respective brewer. c. The of of excise or appeals, or justices of the peace, on complaint of any overcharge returned upon them by the gager, shall hear anil determine the complaint; and examine witnesses on oath, and thereupon, or by other due proof, may discharge such complainant of so much of his charge as shall be made out before them.

Candles.

IF the officer shall have cause to suspect, that candles are privately making, to avoid the duty, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one justice residing near to the place, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or bight (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such candles as he shall there find so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making the same; and also all such candles as he shall find (b concealed, together with the boxes or other package containing the same: And the person that shall be found privately making such candles, or in whose possession any futh shall be found, shall forfeit tool.

Coaches.

+I FOR every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafli with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, kept by any person for his own use, or employed in carrying passengers for hire, shall be paid yearly the sum of jl. — All the said rates'and duties, and all forfeitures and offences, shall be determined by the commissioners of excise (or of appeals, in case of appeal) within the limits of the chief office in London ; and elsewhere, by two justices near; who shall, on complaint upon oath, summon the party; and on his appearance or contempt; may examine the fa£l, and on proof thereof either by confession, or oath of one witness, give judgment; and issue warrants for levying penalties by distress and sale (if not redeemed in todays); which shall be employed (all necessary charges first dcdu&ed') half to the use of

The same distribution shall be made of the penalties for other offences of this kind, in the articles of Candles, Tea, Coffee, Glass, fee. &c.

the

Excise. (Coaches, &c.)

the king, and half to the informer: And for want of fuf-iicient distress, they may imprison the party till satisfaction is made.

But if the justices will proceed, or shall be compelled by mandamus, or otherwise, so to do; they must remember withal, that by the 27 G. 2. c. zo. they may not order the distress to be detained more than eight days, nor less than . four.

Persons aggrieved by the determination of the justices, may ; appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

Carts, J¥ains, Waggons, &c.

j EVERY person who shall keep any waggon, wain, cart, 23 G. \ or other such carriage, with three or four wheels, (except j such carriages as are now charged with any duty under the I management of the commissioners of excise) shall yield and ! pay annually the sum of four shillings for every such waggon,

1 wain, cart, or other such carriage as aforesaid, which shall iie exprefi'ed in a licence for that purpose, — And every person who mall keep any cart or other carriage, with two wheels, (except such carriages as are now charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise) shall yield and pay annually the sum of two shillings for every such cart or other carriage, which shall be expressed in a licence for that purpose. — Provided, that no person shall be obliged to pay the said yearly sum of four shillings for more than one such carriage employed in agriculture only, nor for more than three such carriages employed for any other purpose, on which the said duty of four shillings is hereby charged, where such waggons, wains, or other such carriages, are kept by him or her, for his or her own use only, and shall not be used for the carriage of any goods, wares, or merchandise, for hire, or to be let out for hire.

Nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any cart or other carriage with two wheels, employed in agriculture only, and not employed in parks or pleasure grounds, or used for the carriage of any goods, wares, or merchandise, for hire, or let out for hire.

All prosecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed against this act, shall be heard and determined by any justice of the peace rending near to the pit".a where such forfeiture shall be made, or offence committed ; and if the party find himself aggrieved by the jtidgeir,cm:.''f any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, and rheir judgment therein shall be final: and every such justice is hereby nuthori'ed and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, to summon the party accused, and upon his appear- ance

70

Excise. (Cartst &c.)

ance or refusal or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fad ; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment thereupon, and to ifl'ue out warrants under his hand for the levying of such forfeiture upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

The said justice, where he shall see cause, may mitigate or lessen any such penalty as he may think lit, so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the colls.

Till forfeitures mentioned in this act (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduded) shall be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons, who shall inform and sue for the same.

Tea, Coffee, and Chocolate.

ic G. i. :o, If any officer shall have cause to suspect, that any of the said goods shall be concealed, if it is within the bills, then oa oath made before two of, or elsewhere, before one or more julliccs, setting forth the' ground of his suspicion, they may. by warrant authorize such officer by day or night, but if in the night then in presence of a constable, to enter the place suspected, and seize and carry away the same (if found) as forfeited, together with the bags, canifters, and other package; and if any person shall obflrud such officer, he shall forfeit tool, u C.55. Two of or any justice of peace, on complaint by an officer on oath, that he suspeds any dealer not to have .made true entries, may summon such suspected person to appear with his books, and examine him on oath touching the truth of his entry ; and if he shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to make such oath, he shall forfeit zol.

'-C - e T any person shall dye or manufacture any floe leaves, li-

*' "J‘ ' quorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, o>

the leaves of any tree, fllrub, or plant, in imitation of tea, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one witness before one justice, he shall, for every pound of such leaves forfeit 5I. and on non-payment thereof, such justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months nor less than fix, or until the penalty and

charges shall be paid_And if any person shall have in his

custody any quantity (exceeding six pounds weight) of such leaves, and shall not prove, to the satisfaction of the justice,

that

f

I

; Excise. (Tea, &c.) 71

! that such leaves were gathered with the consent of the owner ; of the trees, for some other use and not for the purpose of'

! Jnanufafluring them in imitation of tea, and shall be con-'

vifled thereof by the oath of one witness before one justice,

: he shall for every pound of such green or manufactured leaves I so found in his custody, forfeit the sum of 5I. and on non-: payment thereof, the justice shall commit him to the com-I won gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months nor left

than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid____

: And if any excise officer or other person shall have cause to : ful'pedt that any such leaves shall be concealed in any place;

on oath made before a justice, setting forth the ground of his i suspicion, the justice may, if he judge it reasonable, by his : warrant authorize such officer or other person, by day or : night (but if in the night then in presence of a constable) to enter such place, and to seize and carry away as forfeited ali such leaves, together with all the waggons, carts, boxes.

Sc. containing the same: and the said justice, or any other justice where fuchfeizure shall be made, shall, on proof of thepremifes by the oath of one witness, by his warrant order the leaves so seized to be carried to some convenient place, and there to be burned or otherwise destroyed ; and the said waggons, carts, boxes, &c. to be sold, and the money arising by such falc, after deducing the charges of seizure and sale, and of the burning or otherwise destroying the leaves, to be paid half to the informer, and half to the poor: and if any person shall obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit 50I. on conviction by the oath of.one witness before one justice; and on non-payment, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding twelve months nor left than fix, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

Provided, that no such leaves shall be burned or otherwise U. destroyed, if the owner thereof shall, within 24. hours after seizure, prove to the satisfaction of the justice, that they were gathered with consent of the owner, for some other use; in which case the said leaves, &c. shall by order of such justice be reltored.

The conviction shall be written on parchment or paper, in u G. '

this or the like form: Be it remeabred, that on the ----- day of---- in the year ----- A. 0. teas, upon complaint of A. I.

conviBed before me one of the justices of the peace for;- in pursuance of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty king George the thirdfor [here set forth the olfencej Given under my hand and Jeal the day and year above written:

And shall be certified by the justice to the next feifions; and shall not be quafned for want of form, nor removed by certiorari into his majesty's court of king's bench.'

On re-working chocolate, proof shall be made (before the of within the bills, and before two justices eli'e-

where)

72

9 G. 2. c. 35.

17G. 3. C.39.

14 G % 3* c« 68*

9 An. c. 11.

Excise. (Tea, £$c.)

where) that the duties for the cocoa-nuts whereof it was made, and for those also which are added, have been paid, and the chocolate entered.

If any person shall offer any tea to sale, not having a permit; or any pedlar, or other trading person, going from town to town, altho' he have a' permit; the person to whom it is offered to sale may seize and detain the same, and carry it to the next warehouse belonging to the customs or excise, and bring the person before a justice of the peace to' be by him committed to prison, and prosecuted for the penalties incurred for fuclr offence.

Glass.

NO person concerned in the glass-trade, or in any glaft-house, shall act as a justice in any matter relating to duties thereon.

Hops.

IF the officer shall put his mark of the weight of the hop: upon any bag, before he hath weighed such bags and hops therein, he shall forfeit 40s. on conviction before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, by distress; half to the informer, and half to the overseers for the use of the poor. — And if any person shall forge, alter, or obliterate any such mark on such bag or pocket,he shall forfeit 10I. in like manner; and in default of payment, shall be imprisoned fix

months, or until lie shall have paid the penalty_Complain:

shall be made within six calendar months.

If any person shall unlawfully and maliciously cut any hop-binds, fee Black AS.

Leather.

TANNERS and others shall, before the carrying away of goods from the place of drying, make entry with the officer of the number and quality, and verify the same on oath, to be administered by any justice of the peace, or collector 01 supervisor; and they shall not remove any of the said good.-, from the place of drying, until the duty be lirft charged, entered, and marked. — Any two justices residing near, may hear and determine offences; who shall, on information or complaint in three months after seizure made, or offence committed, summon the party accused, and the witnesses, and on appearance or contempt of the party (on proof of notice given) shall examine witnesses on oath, and give judgment

73

t

fixciie. (Leather, ^?c.)

ment, and iffae warrants for levying the pecuniary penalties by diilrefs and sale (if not redeemed in six days). — And they may mitigate the penalties, the charges of the officers being' always allowed over and above the mitigation; and so as the mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one fourth part; over and above the charges. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions: — -And no certiorari shall be allowed.

Linen Cloth, Silks, and Cottons;

NO pe'rtbri shall iife or wear in any apparel; any printed, 7 c.JI. 1. c. ?; painted, ltained, or dyed callico ; on pain of 5I. to the informer; on conviction, on the oath of one witness before one justice; who shall, on information, on oath; in six days after the offence, summon the party; and upon his appearance or contempt examine the matter, and oh proof by confession, or oath of one witness determine the same, and on conviction cause the penalty to be levied by diilrefs and sale, rendering the overplus (charges of distress and sale Being firttdedufted): provided that persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter i'dlions, giving six days notice.

Upon oath made by- any person, that he hath reason to suspect, that any such stuffs are in the custody of any draper or other person for his use, without having thereupon such.

(lamps or marks as the law directs; two of within ,0 ^ c- jj( the bills, and two justices elsewhere, shall ifl'ue their warrant to any officer of the culloms, with the affillaiice of a constable, in the day time, to search for the same, and to seize such goods, and bring them to the next office for the said duties.

— One moiety of the penalties and forfeitures on this act shall be to the king, and the other moiety to him who shall

fue___If any quellion shall arise, whether any of the said

huffs wholly made of cotton were manufactured in Great Britain; the proof shall lie on the owner, and not on the prosecuton

Malt.

THE justices in sessions, and the Howard in the leet, may 2 (g 3 ej, 0, hear and determine the time for making malt, as well by c. 10. presentment of 12 men, as by accusation or information of two-honest witnesses;- — If the bailiffs and constables of the town where malt shall be made, or put to sale, shall find it to be evil made or mingled with evil malt, they shall, with the advice of one justice, cause it to be sold to such persons, and at such reasonable prices, and under the common price of the market, as to him shall seem necessary and expedient.

After the dntv is paid, if any quantity shall be damaged ^Tr „ . by the sinking of the vessel in which the malt shall be tran- 2. foorted from one part of the kingdojn to another; the justices L shall

74

Excise. {Malt, &cl)'

r

shall, at the next sessions, on proof of such damage and of the payment of the duty, settle the quantity of the damage, and the allowance to be made in respect thereof, and give a certificate of the sum allowed, which shall bear the same proportion to the whole duty, as the damage shall bear to the value of the malt: on producing of which certificate, the officer shall repay or. allow to the proprietor the sum certified. — But where such Iofs shall happen, the person who shall fuftaiti the same, shall three days before the next sessions,. leave notice thereof in writing with the collector of the district where the loss shall happen, and of his intention of applying to the said sessions.- — After the duty is paid, if any malt shall be dellroyed by fire; the owner may make proof thereof by two witnesses on oath, and of his having paid the, duty, at the next quarter sessions, where such accident shall happen ; who shall grant a certificate of such loss, on producing of which, the duty shall be repaid.

The penalties relating to this article (except where it is otherwise above directed) shall be sued for, levied, and mitigated as by the law's of excise, or in the courts at Westminster; and be employed half to the use of the king, and half to him that shall luc.

_ R < ^cl'f°lls aggrieved by any judgment of the justices, mayap-iG. '' ~'c' peal to the next quarter sessions, giving six days notice in writing.

».Ci And the sessions may award cods to either party, to be le-" vied by warrant of the julliccs, or two of them, on the goods

of the party___And no certiorari shall be allowed, to set afids

any order of the justices.

Paper.

ALL the excise-laws shall be in force for managing these duties; and the penalties shall be sued for, levied, mitigated and disposed of, as by the laws of excise.

By 21 Geo. 3. the statutes of io and 12 Ann. and n Geo. 3. respetling the duties 011 paper, Sec. arc repealed, and other dudes arc granted in.lieu thereof.

After the duties by this act imposed on paper. Sec. if any quantity of'paper, Sec. shall happen to be damaged by the calling away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the said paper shall be transported from one part of this kingdom to another within the same, the justices of the peace, where such accident shall happen, shall at the next general quarter sessions to be held for such county, Sec. upon proof of such damage, and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the quantity of the damage ; and give a certificate

under their hands and (cals of the sum allowed____Where any

luck loss or damage shall happen as aforesaid, the person or perfiins who fliiill fuftiiin the same shall, three days at lead before the next quarter sessions, give or leave notice, in writing

Excise. {Paper, &c.)

I thereof with the collector of excise, of his and their intention

of applying, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace, I for an allowance in respect of such damage or loss.

75

Plate.

EVERY goldsmith, silversmith, and plate-worker, shall, , y/ c_ before he takes upon him to exercise the said trade, enter his 4. name and mark, and place of abode, with the wardens of the company where an assayer is: And if he shall not make such entry, or shall Jlrike any other mark, but what is so entered, he shall forfeit double value, half to the king, and half to j him that shall Cue.

i No goldsmith or silversmith dial! fell any piece of plate or 3?. G. z. c. -4. [ goods, or any ware in which the quantity of gold shall be of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or in which the quan-i tity of (liver shall be of the weight of thirty ounces or up-' wards, unless he shall have fil'd paid a duty of jll for a li-i concc. And this licence to be taken out yearly, ten days bc-| fore the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out 1 the first licence; under a penalty of 20I. This act extends to persons felling gold or silver plate by auction, and also to i pawnbrokers and reliners, who are required yearly to renew their licence.

Prosecutions for offences against this act may be in the 31 G. 1.032.

1 courts at Wedminder ; or otherwise, if within the limits ! of the chief office of excise in London, the same may j be before three commissioners of excise, and in case of ap-j peal before the of of appeal; and clfcwiieie, be-j fore two justices residing near to the place where the offence was committed.

i And the said of and indices respectively, shall 11.

1 upon complaint or information on oath summon the party ac-| cufed; and upon his appearance or contempt, shall proceed ! to the examination of the fast; and on due proof made there-I of by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give judgment; i and issue warrants under their hands for levying the penalties ! by didrefs (if not redeemed in 14 days) ; and for want of fuf-! ficient distress, dull imprison the offender till satisfaction be : made.

And they may mitigate the penalties of 20I. as by the laws 3* C. z. e. 14. of excise. '

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions. 31 G.z. c. 32.

All forfeitures (the necessary charges for the recovery there- /,/. of being first deducted) shall be distributed, half to the king, and half to him who shall inform or sue.

Salt.

NO person shall he capable of any office relating to these 31'/, c. 7. duties (other than that of chief commissioner) until he shall,

L 2 before

jo fif ii W. c.

j&SfKe. 31,

g £? ioT^. r. 6

3yi1.fi. 3. f.2 ja'jAt. i,

to 6f n;r.

Excise. (51afi.)

before two of, or two justices of the peace where he shall be appointed officer, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy,. and the oath of office.

Where any rock salt, for which the duties shall have been paid or secured, shall be melted and, refined, the person whp shall refine it, shall have an abatement out of the duty of the white salt, of so much as was charged on the said rock so melted and relined; so as the rock so refined were before the melting thereof weighed in the presence of the officer; and so as oath be first made before a justice near adjoining, of the particular quantity of rock salt by such refiner employed in making the said white salt; and so as due proof be made upon oath or otherwise, that the duties for the said rock salt so refined were paid or secured.

The collector shall provide at every salt-work or pit, sufficient feales and weights for weighing the salt that shall be delivered from thence; and one or more persons living near, shall be admitted and sworn to the true weighing of such salt, before one justice near adjoining, without fee; and he shall be paid by the collector or officer for the duties,- — The lord mayor and aldermen in London, and the justices of the peace in the country at their general sessions, limy set and publish in writing the prices of salt, and alter the same as there shall be occasion; and persons refilling to fell at such price, or felling at a higher price, shall forfeit 5I. half to the king, and half to the informer, by distress, by warrant of the lord mayor, or any such justice; and in default of sufficient distress, shall be imprisoned, till paid.

. No person dealing in salt, shall fell it otherwise than by weight, after the rate of 56 pounds to the bushel, on pain of 5I. to the informer; to be determined by two justices residing near: And the party grieved may appeal to the next sessions,

And the said justices shall on complaint summon the party accused, and on appearance or contempt examine the matter, and on proof by the oath of two witnesses, or confession, give judgment, and shall ifftie their warrant tp levy the same by distress, and cause sale thereof to b.e made, if not redeemed in six days, rendering the overplus, and for want of sufficient distress, shall imprison the offender till satisfaction is made.

No person shall buy salt otherwise than by weight, and not by measure; on pain of 10s. a bufltel, and so proportionably. ., Where any salt that hath paid duty is loft at Tea, the merchant or owner of the salt shall, on proof made by the oath of two witnesses, whereof the mailer or mate shall be one, at the quarter-sessions, that the same was not occasioned by any negligence or default of the mailer or mariners, receive from the said sessions a certificate that such proof was made before them; and on producing the certificate to the salt officer, he shall let him buy the like quantity duty free.

If any person is aggrieved by an order of two justices re-" lating to the da ties-upon salt, or to any forfeiture or offence

concerning

Excise. (Salty &c.)

concerning the same; he may appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

But no dealer in salt shall act as a justice of the peace in : any matter relating to the duties upon salt; and if there shall not be a suficient number of justices in any corporation, not dealers in salt, the justices of the county shall Itave power to act therein.

Soap.

THE duty on all soap made within the kingdom is one penny half-penny a pound.

No maker shall have any private pipe or conveyance, on 17 G. 3. pain of zool. And if any person shall obstruct the officer in such search, he shall forfeit iool — Provided, that if upon search no such pipe shall be found, the officer shall make good any damage done to the ground, wall, or other place, or make satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices; or he may bring his action for the damages.

If the officer shall have cause to suspect, that soap is pri- ^ vatcly making in any place, or that any soap is concealed with intent to avoid the duty, in such'case, on oath made by such officer before a commissioner, or one justice residing near to the place, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may, if he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant authorize such officer, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter into every such place suspected, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such soap, as he shall there find so privately making, together with all materials then ready or preparing for making of soap; and likewise all such soap as they shall find so concealed, together with the boxes or other package:

And the person that shall be found privately making soap, or in whose pollession such soap shall be found, shall forfeit iool.

Where any such soap shall be seized as forfeited, and no -.j c.: person shall claim the same in zo days, the justices shall proceed to trial and condemnation thereof. And the judgment thereon shall not be liable to any appeal, or be removed by

certiorari_But in any other case, if the party is not satis-

fied with any judgment of the justices, he may appeal to the next quarter-sessions — And on information, the mitigation shall not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, over and above the colls to be allowed.

Spirituous Liquors.

IF any officer of the excise have cause to suspect, that any , foreign spirits shall be fraudulently concealed in any place, entered or not entered, if it is within the bills of mortality, then on oath made before two of, if elsewhere,

before

77

:.C.2Ie

e. 43.

e.M*

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

before one justice, where he suspects them to be concealed, setting forth the ground of his suspicion; he or they may by special warrant authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter, seize, and carry away the same as forfeited, together with the calks or veli'els: And if any person shallobftruft such officer, he shall forfeit look

io &' ii c. If any officer of excise shall have cause to suspect any pri-

4- vate Hill, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, walh, or

other materials prepared for distillation, to be set up or kept in any place, and shall make affidavit before a justice of the peace, and therein declare the grounds of his suspicion, he may in the day time, and in presence of a constable, by warrant from such justices to be directed to such officer of excise, break open the door or any part of such suspected house or place, and enter and seize the same, and detain them there; and if they shall not in zo days be claimed by the owner, they shall be forfeited, and sold at the next general day of file; and if they be claimed in zo days, the person claiming shall forfeit for every warehouse or other place, in which any such Hill, back, or other vessel shall be found, and also for every such Hill, back, and other vessel found therein, zool.' jos? ii IV. c. Ho shall, by a subsequent aft, incur this forfeiture, whe-si. ther he shall make any such claim or not.

ff. r. 70. In case any officer or officers of excise shall know, or have

cause to suspect, that any private or concealed Hill, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, walh, or other materials, preparing for distillation, are set up or kept in any house or place; if such house or place shall bewithin the limits of the chief'office of excise, upon oath made by such officer or officers before the commissioners of excise, or any two or more, of them ; or, in case the same shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or oilicers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall suspect the same to be set up and kept, setting forth the ground of such his or their suspicion ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of excise, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such allidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, by day or night, (but if in the night-time, then in the presence of a constable, or' other lawful officer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein), to break open the doors or any part of such house or place, where he or they shall so know or suspect such private or concealed (till, back. See. are so set up and kept, anti to enter into such honfe or place, and to seize all and ever/ such Hills, or other vessels, and all such materials preparing for distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and

cither

Excise. (Spirituous Liquors.)

cither to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the place where the same shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful owner { thereof, then the said materials for dillillation shall be ablb-5 lutely forfeited, and the proprietor of any such private or concealed Hill, back, or other vessel, or the person in whole custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for ! every place in which every such private Hill, back, or other I vessel, shall be so found, and also for every such Hill, back,

and vessel, found therein, the sum of two hundred pounds:

I and if any person or persons shall obstruct, oppose, moled,

or hinder, any officer or others in their duty, every person

: so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

And, from September 29,. 1783, any person who shall be -; found aiding and assisting in any private dillillation, shall : forfeit 30I. over and above all other penalties and forfeitures ! that the proprietor, of person in whose custody or possession the same shall be found, is now subject and liable unto; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons acting in their aid and affillance, to llop, arrell, and detain, all persons so discovered, and to convey them before one or more justice or julKces of the I peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty rc-| speflively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as j aforesaid j and it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more, credible tvitness or witnesses made of such offence, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid : and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately on fuchconviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who-shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner as herein-atier is directed; and on such offender or offenders refilling or neglecting to j pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the justice or justices so ! convicting as aforesaid, shall and may, by warrant or warrants 1 under his or their hand and seal, or hands and fcals, commit the offender or oitenders to the house of correction for the said county &c. there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months; and the person or persons so convicted, again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the term of one year, or until 1I10 said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid.

But

8o

iofi? iz IV* c* 4*

19 C» 3. c* 50.

10 fe? 11IV* c 4*'

Hi

9G.2. c* 23,

16 G. 2* c, S.

ZG, Z. C,2 % .

Excise. [Spirituous Liquors.)

But if on breaking open any such door or house, no fucil private ilill, or other vessel for dillillation, shall be found, thd officer shall make good the house or place so broken up, or make satisfaction to the owner to be adj udged by the two next justices (1 (9.); or the party injured may bring his adliort for the damages; and if any person shall obstruct such' officer, he shall forfeit 200I.

Every person keeping any walh fit for distillation, and having in his possession any hill, the cubic contents of which, when the head is oh, will amount to two gallons, proof thereof being made, by the oath of one witness, before'one commissioner of excise or justice, shall be deemed a common dilliller for sale, and liable to the survey and duties. '

No dilliller shall have any private pipe or hop cock, or other conveyance, by which any walh or other liquors fit for distiliation may be conveyed from one back or vessel to another, on pain of tool.

The excise officer in the day time, and in presence of a constable, on requell made and cause declared, may break up the ground in any distilling-house, or the ground near adjoining, to search; and on finding such pipe or other conveyancej may break up the ground, house, wall, &c, thro' or into which any such pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and may break or cut any such pipe or other conveyance, and may turn any cock to try whether such pipe may convey any walh or other liquor.' — And if no such pipe or private conveyance be found, the officer shall make good the ground, wall, house, or other place, or make reasonable satisfaction to the owner, to be adjudged by the two next justices (1 or the party injured may bring his action for damages; the same to be paid by the of out of the revenue of excise. And if any person obstruct such officer, he shall forfeit iool.

The officer at all times, by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable, oath being first made before a justice dwelling near of a probable cause of fufpccting a concealment) may 'enter into all such warehouses, (hops, or other places, and by tailing, gaging, or otherwise, take an account of the quantity and quality; and if any such retailer shall hinder the officer, he shall forfeit 50I.

No person shall retail any distilled spirituotts liquors or strong waters, mixed or unmixed, without a licence taken out ten days before, for which he shall pay 40s. yearly. — And such person shall also be first licensed to fell ale or spirituotts liquors, by two or more justices of the peace.

And the justices of the peace, and other officers, shall havi the same jurisdiction over such retailers of spirituous liquors, as they have over alchousekccpers.

No mention is here made of a warrant, but only his having made oath It jhouhl seem that a warrant would be neccliary to jullify the officer's entry.

Person

Excise. [Spirituous Liquors.) 81

Persons retailing, or felling less than two gallons, without 16 G.z. c. S. licence, shall forfeit iol. and on non-payment when demanded, one justice, on oath of such neglect, shall commit the of- . fender to the house of correction, to be' Kept to hard labour for two months, or till paid.

And the said penalty shall in no Cafe be mitigated below a6G.2.r. 13, the fnm of 5I.

The justices may, if they think proper,* instead of levying ^ C- ^ the penalty, cotnmit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for- two months. — All the distilled spirituous liquors that shall be then, or at any time within six months after conviction, found in his custody, shall, by warrant of the said of, or of one justice, be seized, and llaved, or otherwise dellroyed: And any peace or pari fit officer, authorized by such warrant, may at any time, in'six months after convimon, enter such places, and break open doors, if not opened on demand. And if any person shall i offend again in like manner, the of or justices be- fore whom he shall be convicted of such subsequent offences, may inflict the penalties by any former law to be inflicted for fudh offence, and also commit the offender to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding three months.

And the conviction shall be in this form, or to the like effcdt, viz.

Middlesex. A. B. is convidledon his own eonfession (or on the cath of A. W.) of having fold firong waters in the parish of

— in this county, on the ----- -day of ----- without being duly

lieenfed thereto: This is the frf or second conviction. Given Under my hand and seal, &c.

And the of, or one justice, on oath of any of- 24 G, 2, e. 40, fence against this act, may grant a warrant to any of the peace officers, or other parish officer, to enter and search the houses and other places, where the offence shall be sworn to have been committed, or in the occupation of the persons sworn to be guilty thereof, and they may break open the" doors, if not opened on demand, and seize all such distilled spirituous liquors as they shall there find, and detain the same, till the offence shall be heard and determined; and if the offender be convicted, the liquors shall be forthwith llaved; and if he be not convicted, the same shall be re-stored.

No person shall hawk, fell, or expose to sale any spiritu- 3 g. a. c. 13, ous liquors about the streets, highways, or fields, in any wheel-barrow or balket, or on the water in any boat, or in any other manner; or shall sell or expose the same to sale, on any bulk. Hall or (hed, or any place other than in taverns, _ (

victualling-houses, inns, coffee-houses, or ale-houses, on pain ^ of iol. And one justice on his own view, or confession, or proof of one witness, may convict him; whereupon he shall immediately pay the iol. to a churchwarden or overseer:

M And

§2 Excise. (Spiriticous Liquors.)

And on refusal or neglect, the justice shall commit him to the hgufe;of;Cprre£tion.to be kept to hard-labour for two months, to, be reckoned from the day of.cominitment and he shall not be dischargett till he pay th'c sum, or till the two months be expired. If there is np.informer, it.shall be wholly to the use of the'poor; otherwise half' to' the" informer, and half w , the poor.

n G..z. r, 26. And any one justice,. on information on oath again!! such iperson, may (w.i.thoitt any. previous summons) issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing him before-such justice

where the offence was. committed____And any person may

seize and detain him, until he may give notice to the con. liable, churchwarden, overseer; or other peace'or parish of-licer, who shall carry the person' so seized and detained, before a justice of the peace, who shall proceed thereon as in the case where he is brought by the constable.

(;. c. 40. : No licence shall be granted for retailing of any spirituoii!

liquors within any gaol, prison, or house of correction, work, house, or house of entertainment for parish poor. — And any justice, .on information on oath that spirituous liquors or strong waters are kept and disposed of in any such place, maj enter and search, or empower by warrant'any constable n search for and seize all such liquors ns shall be found (excepi such as' are directed to be used medicinally) and to Have ani

destroy the fame__And if any- person shall bring, or endei

your to bring any such iiquers (except in the way of medi.1 cine as before-mentioned) into any such gaol or other place, the .gaoler or his servants may apprehend and carry such offender before any justice of the peace, who shall hear and determine such offence in a summary way; and if by the oat! of one witness, or otherwise, such person shall be convicted, lie shall be committed to prison, or to the.house of 'corret-tion, not exceeding three months, unless he shall immediate! pay down such tine not exceeding 20I. and not less than 10! as the justice shall impose, to be paid half to the ill forint' and half to the poor of such prison or workhouse — And th gaoler, keeper, mailer, or other officer, shall procure a cop; of this regulation, to be printed or fairly written, and hun: up in one of the most public places of his gaol, house of co: rection, or workhouse aforesaid, and renew the lame fro: time to time, so that it be always kept fair and legible; 0 pain of 40s. by warrant of one justice, on oath of one wi: ness. And any justice may enter and demand a fight of it and if it shall not be lliewn to him hung up in some publ: place fair and legible, he shall immediately convict such pci foil, and so from time to time, as often as he shall think fit half to be to tile informer, and half (or the whole, if thei be no informer) to the poor of such gaol, or other place.-No person shall recover any debt on account of spirituous! quors, unless it shall buna fdc have been contrasted at 01 time to the amount of 20s. Or upwards: And if any retailf

Excise. (Spirituous, Liquors.).

with or without a licence, shall take any pawn by way of fe-c'urity for payment of any money, for fuel! liquors, he shall forfeit 40s. by warrant of one justice, half to the poor, and' half to the informer; and the owner shall have such'rcmcdy for recovering such pawn, ns if it had never been pledged, "

If any persons to the number of five or more, shall in a ^ c, 5 riotous manner assemble to refeue any offenders against any act relating to spirituous liquors, or to assault any person who shall have given or is about to give any information against, or shall seize or bring to justice any offender, he, his aiders and abettors, shall be guilty of felony, and transporled for seven years.

Sellers without a permit, or pedlars with one, punishable 9 q.

as in the case.of tea, &c. ' : ....

For spirits drawn from British corn, there was to be al- j q. , lowed a drawback by the excise officers at the port of flapping, of 4J. 18s. a ton, in full of.all drawbacks.

There was to be an additional drawback of 24I. 10s. a ton c . on all British-made spirits exported ; oath being made before two of of excise, or justices of the peace, that the duties were paid, and that the same were to be exported for men/iamiize to be spent beyond the fcas.' — And on oath being made before one commissioner or justice of the peace, or other person authorized by the of, that the duties arc paid, and that the same are to be shipped as stores' to be lpent in the voyage; and on certificate from the officer of excise where such spirits were shipped of the quantity so shipped, and that the same were proof spirits, and shipped in the pre-fence of such officer, the duty shall be allowed or paid back'. — Provided, that no drawback shall be allowed for spirits shipped as /lores, in any vessel of less than too tons burden.

On oath made before two of of excise, or juf- aC. 3, tices of the peace for the place from which spirits arc intended to be exported, that the same were drawn and made in Great Britain from corn under the regulations of this act, and that the same are to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; the distiller shall be paid by the commissioners of excise, or their collector for the port or place where such spirits shall be shipped, the bounty of 3I. 12s. a ton, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity.

Provided, that no drawback shall be allowed, for any Bri- 33 C. tish-made spirits, exported as merchandize, in any calk con. taming less than 100 gallons, or in any vessel of less burthen than 100 tons.

---- Except to Africa and Newfoundland ; unto which 6 C. 3

places they may be exported as merchandize, in any vessel not being of less burthen that 70 tons.

On oath made before two of or justices, that a <7.3 the rum is to be exported for merchandize to be spent beyond the seas; and on producing a certificate from the excise offi-M 2 ccr

c. 40.

r.35. c. 17.

1. c. 9.

f.s.

2. r. 9.

. r. 46.

84

J9 ff. 3. £ 22-14 G. I. c. 40.

Excise. (1Spirituous Liquors.)

cer of the quantity flapped, and that a certificate was produced from the proper officer of delivery from the warehouse, qn bond being given for the due exportation thereof, and also upon delivery of such last-mentioned certificate, the person having custody of the bond for payment of the duties shall deliver it up; or if only a part of the rum contained in the bond shall be certified to be shipped off, then such quantity shall be indorsed upon the bond.

A like drawback shall be allowed for two years, for rum exported as Jlores to be spent in the voyage.

The justices within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall once in every month transmit to the clerk of the peace, a certificate of all persons convished before them for any offences against this or any former act relating to spirituous liquors, or for licensing the retailers thereof; who shall keep and enter the lame among the records of the court: which certificate shall be evidence upon any information relating to spirituous liquors.

Starch and Hair Powder.

23 G, 2. c. »r.

4 G. s. 1.14.

*3 G. 2. £. 21.

IF any officer of the duties upon (larch or of the custonts, shall have any cause to suspect that starch is privately making in any place, or concealed; then upon oath made before any commissioner or justice reftding near, setting forth the ground of his suspicion, such commissioner or justice may ifl'ue hii warrant, to authorize such officer by day or night (but if in the night, in presence of a constable) to enter such suspected place, and seize and carry away the same, with the materials, as forfeited, together with the boxes and other things containing it: and unless the party make it appear that the duty has been paid, he shall forfeit 50I. and if any person obflrufl the officer, he shall forfeit tool.

The officers of excise or customs may seize any llarch or hair powder, with the horses and package, where they have good reason to suspect that it hath been privately made, or imported without payment of duty, or relanded after drawback ; and shall in ten days exhibit an information before three of of excise, or two justices near where the seizure is made; and if the party doth not make it appear that the duty hath been paid, it shall be forfeited, together with the horses and package; and the offender shall likewise forfeit ;1. for every hundred weight.

And where any such starch shall be seized as forfeited, and no person shall claim the same in 20 days, the justices shall proceed to trial and condemnation thereof: and the judgment thereon shall not be liable to appeal, nor be removed by certiorari.

If

«5

Excise. (Starch, &c.)

. If the party is not satisfied with any judgment of the justices, on the act of 23 G. 2. c. 21, above-mentioned, he may appeal to the next quarter sessions (except in the case before-mentioned, where no person shall claim the goods seized) anl the mitigation on the said act of 23 G. 2. shall not reduce the penalty to less than a fourth part, oyer and above the charges.

Exportation.

IF any person in Great Britain or Ireland, shall pack or - t G. 3,c.30; put on board any vessel, any machine, tool, or utensil,

used in the woollen, cotton, linen, or silk manufactures, or

any model of such machine, &c. any justice may grant a warrant for seizing such machines, &c. and bringing such person before him; and if a satisfactory account be not given to the justice, he may detain such machines, &c. and bind the party to appear at the next affixes, or quarter sessions of the peace, with reasonable sureties; and on neglect of giving security, the party may b.e committed to the common gaol or hpufe of correction, there to be kept until the next assizes, or .next quarter sessions; and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be convicted, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit all such machines, &c. but also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and shall also suffer imprisonment in the common gaol, prison, or house of correction, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

And if oath shall be made before a justice of any such prohibited machines, &c. being intended to be exported, they may be seized and detained, and the person in whose poflef-lion they are found may be bound to appear at the next assizes, or quarter sessions of the peace.

Extortion.

EXTORTION, in a large sense, (ignifies any oppression ! Haw. 170.

under colour of right; but in a drift sense, it significs the taking of money by any officer, by colour of his office, either where none at all is due, or not so much is due, or where it is not yet due.

The justices of the peace are bound by their oath of office, odt. c. 41. to take nothing for their office of justice of the peace to be

Extortion.

done, but of the king, and fees accustomed, and coil.5 limited liy statute.

Dell. c. 41. And generally, no public officer shall take any other fees or rewards, for doing any thing relating to his office; than some statute in force gives him, or than hath been anciently and accustomably taken; and if he do otherwise, he is guilty of extortion. — The fees in sessions, for traversing, trying, or' discharging indictments, discharging recognizances, and the like, do vary according to the different customs in different places.

Felony.

IT would be very tedious to set down every thing which may be comprehended under this word Felony; therefore

it is necessary to refer the consideration of the several particular kinds of felonies to their respective tides; as Homicide, Robbery, Burglary, Rape, Coin, Forgery, and especially Larceny. The course and whole procedure of trying an offender, is treated of under the title SeJJiom.

3 y. c. 10. The felon shall pay the charges of his carrying to gaol, if able ; to be levied by d'lftrefs by warrant of one justice. vj G. z. c. 3. If he is not able, the same shall be paid, by order of such justice, by the treasurer out of the county rate ; and in Middlesex, by the overseers of the poor where the party was ap. prehendea.

15 G, i. c, 36. ' The court, before whom any person hath been tried and conviSed of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, may at the prayer of the prosecutor, and on consideration of his circumstances, order the treasurer of the county in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay him such sum as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the expences he was put to in carrying on the prosecution, with a reasonable allowance for his time and trouble.

18 C. 3,19. The justices in sessions may lay down or alter, from time to time, such rules and regulations concerning any costs or charges thereafter to be allowed to any person by virtue of this act; which rules and regulations, having received the approbation and signaturc of one or more of the judges of assize, shall be binding, and not otherwise, on all persons whatsoever.

!' G. z. 1. When any poor person shall appear on recognizance to give evidence, whether any bill of indictment be preferred or not, the court may order the treasurer to pay him such fur.i as they shall think reasonable.

14 C. 3. r, 2e. Every person, charged with any felony or other crime, against whom no bill of indictment shall be found, or who shall on trial be acquitted, or who shall be discharged by

proclamation,

Felony. 8/

proclamation for want of prosecution, .shall be immediately i'et at large in open court, without paying any fee to the.

sheriff or gaoler : and such fees as had been usually paid, not exceeding 13s. ,-pd. for each person, shall, on the certificate of ajudge or justice before whom such prisoner shall have been discharged, be paid out of the general county rate.

MisprifiQn of Felony

IS the concealing of a felony which a man knows, but 1/7.11,374. never conlented to.

Jf any person will favc himself from the crime of misprision, 4 /,140, he mult discover the offence to a magistrate with all the speed that he can.

Thefibote

IS, where one not only knows of a felony, but takes his ill. 125. goods again, or other amends not to prosecute.

Fireworks.

TF any person shall make or fell any fireworks, or imple- B (g 10 fj\c,», A ments for making the same, he shall, on conviction before one justice, or chief magistrate, by confession, or by oath of two witnesses, forfeit 5I. half to the poor, and half to the prosecutor; to be levied by distress, by warrant of such justice or chief magistrate. — And if any person shall permit any the dime to be call or fired, from his house or other place thereto belonging, into any public street or road, or any other place, he shall forfeit 20s. in like manner. — And if any person shall call or (ire the same into any public llrcet, houlb, &c. he shall forfeit 20s. in like manner, or be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, unless he shall sooner pay the forfeiture__But nothing herein shall extend to the office of the ordnance, or to the artillery company.

Fish and Fishing. Sec Game.

Forcible

8$ .

S U. 6, r. g,

; Ilmot 147.

p.:h. c. 132.

S II. 6. c. 9.

J5«//. c. 44.

Jt. 2. c.

U.

Forcible Entry and Detainer.

NONE Hiall make any entry into any lands or tenements, or other possessions, but where entry is given 1 y the law; and in such case not with ilrong hand, nor with multi? tude of people, but only in a peaceable and ealy manner; on pain of imprisonment and ransom at the king's will.

The party grieved, if he will lose the benefit of his treble damages and colls, may be aided and have the alfiltance of the justices at the general sessions, by way of indictment on the jftatiirc of 3 H. 6.

In the caption of which indictment, it will be suficient to say, justices assigned to hep the peace of our lord the king, without shewing that they have authority to hear and determine felonies and trespasses; for the statute enables all justices of the peace, as such, to take such indictments. — And the tenement in which the force was made, mnfl be described with convenient certainty j and must set forth that the defendant actually.entered ; and oulted the party grieved ; and

contin ucth his pofiession at the time of finding the indict.

ment.

But if a man's wife, children, or servants do continue in the house or upon the land, he is not oulted of his possession.' For a more speedy remedy, the party grieved may complain to any one justice, .or to a mayor, Iherifly or bailiff, within their liberties.

But altho' one justice alone may proceed in such cases, yet it may be adviseable for. him, if the time for viewing the force will suffer it, to take to his afiiitance one or two more justices.

After complaint made to such justice, by the party grieved, of a forcible entry made into lands, tenements, or other pof-sessions, or forcible holding thereof, he shall, within a convenient time, at thccolls of the party grieved (without any .examining or Handing upon the right or title of either party) take ‘suficient power of the county, and go to the^ place where such force is made.

And if after such entry made, the justice shall find such force, he shall cause the offenders to be arrested.

All. such justices ought to make a record of such force by them viewed ; which record frail be a suficient conviction of the offenders, and the parties shall not be allowed to traverst it: And this record, being made out of the sessions, by3 particular justice, may be kept by him; or he may make it

4 All people ci* the county, ns well the ftenff ns others, shall re atter.can: on die justice*, to ancli the oircnnci; \ on rain ot inspriwnmcnr and line i.-the kin".

indented.

8.9

Forcible Ehtiy and Detainer.

indented, and certify the one part into the king's bench, or Jeave it with the clerk of the peace; and the other part he may keep himself.

. And the offenders, being arrested (as before is said) shall 15 K.e. c.i, be put in the next gaol, there to abide convict by the record of the same juliice, until they have made line and ransom to the king.

The j liftice shall make his precept to the sheriff, command- g h. 6. t. 9, ing him in the king's behalf, to caiifc to come before him, sufficient and indifferent peffons, dwelling next about the lands so entered, to enquire of such entries; whereof every man shall have lands or teneihents of 40s. a year, above reprizes. And the sheriff shall return issues on every of them, at the day of the first precept returnable 20s. and at the fe-fcond day 40s. and at the third 100s. and at every day after double. And the sheriff making default, shall on conviction before the same justice, of before the judge of assize, forfeit 20I. half to the king, and half to him who shall sue, with colts; and moreover shall make line and ransom to the king.

No restitution upon an indictment of forcible entry, or 31 *.

holding with force, shall be made, if the person indicted have had the occupation, or been in quiet pofl'cflion for three years together next before the indictment found, and his ellate therein not determined ; and if it is found against the party indifted1, he shall pay such colts and damages as the judge's or justices shall assess; to be recovered as colts and damages in judgment on other addons.

And if such forcible entry of detainer be found before such S H. 6. c. g. juliice, then the said juliice shall cause to refeize the lands and tenements so entered or holden, and shall reltore the party put out, to the full possession of the same.

Such judges* justices, or justices of the peace, as may give 21 ?*J« restitution unto tenants of any ellate of freehold, may give the like unto tenants for term of years, &c. of lands or tenements by them so holden, which shall be entered upon by force, or holden from them by fofee.

Although regularly the justices only who were present at Balt. c. 44, the enquiry, and when the indictment was found, ought to award restitution, yet if the record be certified by the justice or justices into the king's bench, the justices of that court may award a writ of restitution to the sheriff, to rellore poffeiliori to the party expelled. — If a forcible entry or detainer shall be made by three persons or more, it is also a riot, and may be proceeded against as such, if no enquiry hath before been made of the force.

N

Foreign

Foreign Service.

ON complaint on oath before a justice, that any person is endeavouring to seduce or draw away any manufacturer or artificer, or that he hath contrafted or is preparing to go out of the kingdom, he may issue his warrant to bring such person before him or some other justice; and if it shall appear to such justice by confession, or the oath of one witness, that such person was guilty of any the said offences, he may bind him oyer to the next affixes or sessions, to answer the pre-miles ; and if he shall upon indictment be there convicted of any such promise or coutraft, or preparation to go beyond the seas, he shall give such security', not to depart out of the realm, as such court shall think reasonable, and be imprisoned until such security be given.

If any person shall contrail with, or endeavour to persuade or fcduce any artificer in the manufactures of Great-Britain, to go into any foreign country, not belonging to the crown of Great-Britain, and shall be thereof convicted, in twelve months, in the king's bench, or at the assizes, he shall, for every such person, forfeit 500I. and be imprisoned in the common gaol for 12 months, and till payment of the forfeiture ; and for a second or other subsequent offence, shall forfeit 1000I. and be imprisoned two years, and till payment.

If any person shall have in his possession tools or implements proper for the cation or limn, woollen or ftlk manufactures, and oath shall be made before one justice that there is realba to believe such persons hath in his possession such tools or implements, or part thereof, with intent to export the same to some other part or place than Great-Britain or Ireland, such justice shall issue his warrant to seize'all such tools or implements and parts thereof, and also to bring the person complained of before him or some other justice: And if he shall not give a satisfactory account to such justice, of the' ufc or purpose to which such tools or utensils arc intended to be appropriated, the said justice shall cause the same to be detained, and bind the person so charged, with reasonable fnreties, to appear at the next affixes or sessions; and if he shall not give such security, the justice shall commit him to gaol till the next affixes or sessions, and until he shall be delivered by dim course of law. And if he shall be there convicted, he shall forfeit 200I_All which forfeitures, by this

aft inflicted on offenders, shall be applied half to the king, and half to him who shall sue.

If any subject shall enlist or enter himself, or if any person shall procure any subject to enliil or enter himself to serve any foreign prince, without his majeily's leave, he shall

Foreign Service.

shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. But if any person enlisted, or enticed to go beyond the seas in' order to be enlisted, as a non-coinmilSon officer or private soldier, in any foreign service, stir.ll in 14 days voluntarily discover upon oath, before any justice or other civil magistrate, the person by whom he was enlisted or enticed, so as he be convicted, he shall be indemnified.

Forgery.

FORGERY is an offence at common law, and an offence also by statute.

Mr. BarlttVi fays, that a justice of the peace may take an information thereof, bind over the informers, examine the offender, certify his examination to the proper judges, and commit him to prison in order to abide his trial.

If any person shall falsly make, alter, forge, or counter- <7. feit, or willingly act or assist in the false making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or the number or principal sum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money, or deliver;' of goods, with, intent to defraud any person or corporation ; or shall utter or publish the same as true, with intent to defraud any person or corporation, knowing the-same to be false, he shall be guilty of felony, without'-benefit of clergy. r

Frame-W ork-Knitters.

ALL frame-work knitted pieces and stockings, made of g g, j thread, cotton, worlted, or yarn, or of any mixture therewith, shall be marked with the same number of ilet-noles, and no more, as there arc threads contained in each piece or pair. — And if any frame-work-knitter, holier, or other person, shall sell or expose to sale, any of the said goods, not so marked as aforesaid, he shall forfeit the same, and also-5I. for each piece or pair. — And one justice where the offence shall be committed (not being a frame-work knitter, holier, or proprietor of frames) may convict the offender, on the oath of one witness: And if the penalties or forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, the said justice shall issue his warrant to levy the same by distress; and if no goods, or not suficient, can be found, such justice shall, on oath made to him by the person who shall have the execution of the warrant, commit the offender to the common gaol of the place N 2 where

9$ Frame-Work-Knitters.

where the offence was committed, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalties and forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied. All which penalties and forfeitures shall be applied, half to the informer, and half to the poor. — l'crfons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions: And the justices there,' on due proof of notice given, and recognizance entered into, shall hear and determine the same. - — Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to abridge or takeaway any rights or privileges,'of the mailer, wardens, and alfillaiits, of the company of frame-work-knitters.

Fuel.

to A«, c. 6. A LL billets shall contain in length three feet and four JT\ inches, and be affized and marked; otherwise, on information to a justice of the peace, mayor, or other head officer, he shall call before him fix good and lawful men of the town, and shall swear them truly to enquire and present, whether the same be of good and suficient assize, and if they shall present that any of them is not suficient, the same so being deficient, shall be forfeited, and be delivered to the overseers, to be by them distributed to the poor,

Game.

S G. c. 79.

4 G. 3.1.19.

WHERE any person for an offence against any law in being at the making of this act, ' for the better preservation of the game, shall be liable to pay any pecuniary penalty or sum of money, on conviction before a justice of the peace, the prosecutor may either proceed to recover the same in such manner as that law directs, or he may sue for the same (before the end of the second term after the of-offence committed, 26 G. 2. c. z.) by action of debt, or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record at Westminster, wherein if he recovers, he shall have double costs.

Whereas a moiety of the said penalty by several acts is di-rested so be applied to the use o.f the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, by reason whereof inhabitants of the said parish have been disallowed to give evidence; it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for any person to sue for the whole of such penalty to his own use, and if lie recovers, he shall have double costs; such afilion to be brought within six months afief the offence committed.

Concerning

Game,

93

Concerning Gamekeepers.

All lords of manors, or other royalties, not under the de- gf ^ c. a. gree of an esquire, may, by writing under their hands and c. 25. fcals, authorize one or more gamekeeper or gamekeepers, within their respective manors or royalties; and may ini-power him thereby, upon their own manors, to kill hare, pheasant, partridge, or any other game.-But if the gamekeeper shall, under colour thereof, kill or j An. r. 14. take the same for the use of the lord, and afterwards sell and dispose thereof without the lord's consent, and be convicted, on complaint of such lord, and on bath of one witness, before one justice, he shall be committed to the house of cor-restion for three months, to be kept to hard labour.

But no lord of a manor shall make above one person to be gamekeeper within any one manor, with power to kill game.

And the name of such person shall be entered with the clerk of the peace where the manor lies; and a certificate thereof shall be granted by the clerk of the peace, on payment of one shilling.

And if any other gamekeeper, whose name is not so cn- g tered, who shall not be otherwise qualified by the laws of this kingdom to kill game, shall kill, fell, or expose to falc any hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit for every offence 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of diilrefs, he shall he fentto the house ofcor-reflion for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months.

No lord of a manor shall make any person to be a game- 3 G. c. 11. keeper witlt power to kill game, iinlcfs such person be qualified by the laws of this realm so to do; or unless such per-i'011 be truly and properly a servant to the said lord.

The gamekeeper (so authorised) may search for dogs and ff 23 C. 2.

engines, and seize the same for the use of the lord, or de- 1S-istroy them.

But it hath been adjudged, that an authority from the Cot. 1S3. lord of the manor is not of itself sufficient for this purpose, but that he ought to have a warrant from a justice of the peace, after information and oath of the offence fine made.

Every person, not having lands and tenements, or some 22(f 23 C.a. other estate of inheritance, in his own or his wife's right, of <. 25. the clear yearly value of tool, per annum*, or for term of life, or having lease or leases of 99 years, or for any longer term, of the clear yearly value of 1501. (other than the fen

Upon this it hath been flncwdly remarked, tint there is fifty times the property required to enable a mail to kill a partridge, as to vote for a knight of the shire. 175.

94

Game.

and heir apparent of an esquire, or other person of higher tit--grec, and the owners and keepers of forests, parks, chafes, or warrens, being Hocked with deer or conies for their necessary life, in respect of the said forests, parks, chafes, or warrens) is hereby declared to be a person by the laws of 'this realm, not allowed to have or keep for himself. or any other person, any guns, bows, greyhounds, setting dogs, ferrets, nets, gins, snares, or other engines for the taking and killing of game.

If any person, not qualified by the laws of this realm so to do, shall keep or use any greyhounds or setting dogs, to kill and dellroy the game, and shall be thereof *convicted on the oath of one credible witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit 5]. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offence was committed, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods; for want of distress, he (half be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first

offence, and for every other offence four months_And any

justice, and lord within his manor, may take away such dogs, nets, or other engines, which shall be in the power or custody of any person not qualified.

46? 5 IF.r.z'. The constable, authorized by a justice's warrant, shall en-J' ter into and search the houses, outhouses, or other places belonging to such houses of suspected persons not qualified: And if any hare, partridge, or other game, shall be found, the offender shall be carried before a justice; and if such person do not in feme convenient time, to be set by the justice, produce the party of whom he bought the same, or forac other credible person, to depose upon oath such sale thereof, he shall be convicted by the said justice of such offences, ami upon such conviction shall forfeit for every hare, partridge, or other game, any sum not under 5s. and not exceeding 20s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for not more than one month, nor less than ten days, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

5 ih. e. 14. If any liigler, chapman, carrier, innkeeper, victualler, 01 alchousekeeper, shall have in his custody or possession, or shall buy, fell, or offer to sale any have, pheasant, partridge, Sc. unless such game in the hands of such carrier be sent up by some person qualified; (or if any person whatsoever, whether qualified or not, shall fell, expose, cr offer to sale any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor, heath.game, or groufc, 28 G, 2.

12) he shall be carried before a justice where the offence is committedand being convicted thereof (in three months after the offence) on view, nr oath of one witness, he Hull forfeit for every hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. the sum o( 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; so.r want of distress, lie shall be committed to the house of cor-

Sec Atijcniix, *v"0, -hi s<>> 27, 2S.

r.cftion

!Game.

ration for the first offence three months, and for every other ,3 offence four months.

And if any hare, pheasant, partridge, &c. shall he found |s in the shop, house, or poflession of any poulterer, falcfman, aj &c. or of any person not qualified in his own right to kill game, or intitled thereunto under some person so qualified, it shall be deemed an exposing thereof to sale.

% And any justice of the peace, and lord within his manor, I may take away any such hare, pheasant, partridge, Sec. from I any fitch higler, chapman, &c. or any other person not qua-| lified, which shall be found in his custody or possession.

By the yearly mutiny acts, if any officer or soldier shall, 3 without leave of the lord of the manor under his hand and

!Ileal, destroy any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, pigeon, or other fowl, poultry, or fish, or his majesty's game, and be convicted thereof, on oath of one witness, before one justice, ^ every officer so offending shall forfeit 5I. to the poor, and the commanding officer upon the place, for every offence com-amitted by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit cos. 3 in like manner. And if, upon conviction by the justices, land demand thereof made by the constable or overseers of the poor, he shall not in two days pay the said penalties, he shall forfeit his commission.

|Lm,'j for preferring the four-footed Game in particular.

I

I

Deer dealing by ancient statutes.

§' 'VHEN information shall be made, of any unlawful hunt-|ing, in any fqrelt or park, by night, or with painted faces, gto any of the king's counsel, or to a justice of the peace, of deny person to be suspected thereof, he may make a warrant to |take and arrest the person, and to have him before the maker M the warrant, or any other of the said counsel, or juiliccs of |the peace; who may by their discretion examine him of the (said hunting. — And if any person shall be convicted of any such Quiltings, with painted faces, vizors, or otherwise disguiscJ, no the intent they should not be known, or of unlawful hunt-.ing in time of night, then the same person so convict, to have ;like punition as he should have if he were convict of felony.

Every person who shall Jell, or buy to fell again, any deer, jliall on conviction at the affiv.es, or sessions, or before two juiliccs out of sessions, forfeit for every deer 40s. half to him [that will fuc, and half to the poor.

j By the 16th G. 3. c. 30. which repeals in whole or in part the former acts relating to this subjen, if any person shall Ihoot at, or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or deiiroy, or liul! carry away, any red or fallow deer, in any foreil or

iSC.

5

\ II.

»7-

<j6 Gcinid.

chafe, whether incloseil or not, or in any inclosed park where deer are, or have been usually kept; or shall be aiding therein, he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of 20I; and shall for every deer To wounded, 'killed; destroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit the sum of 30I. j6 G. 3. r. 30. It shall be lawful for one justice, on complaint to hint made on oath by any credible person, that there is reason to suspefl any person of having in his custody or possession, any red or fallow deer which shall have been unlawfully killed, br the head, stein, or other part thereof, or any flip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, for the unlawful taking of deer, — by his warrant, to canfe such person, and his dwelling-house, &c. to be searched; and if any such shall be found, to cause the same, and such person so having possession, to be brought before any justice having jurisdiction: And if such person shall not produce before such justice the party of whom lie received the same, or satisfy such justice that he came lawfully by such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, oi had a lawful occasion for such (lip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful purpose j he shall forfeit not exceeding 30I. nor less than 10I.

at the discretion of such justice. fa On complaint or information on oath of one ivitness before

one justice, of any offence against this act 5 such-justice (except in such cases only where the justice is especially directe! previously to summon the party before him) may, by his warrant, canfe the party complained of to be apprehended anl brought before him, at such time and place as shall be fpt-cified in such warrant: And thereupon such justice may proceed to hear and determine the matter of such complaint.

---- And where it is provided by this act, that the party

complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the party la summoned shall not appear; then on proof of theserviceo! such summons, either personally, or by leaving the fames his dwelling-house, lodgings, or other usual place of abode, it shall be lawful for the justice to apprehend him by warrant, and to proceed as if no previous summons had been direeled by this act — And it shall be lawful for any keeper or under-keeper, and their servants or assistants, to Teize and apprelienl upon the spot any person whom they shall discover in the actual fuft of hunting, coursing, killing, wounding, (hootisy at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any red or fall® deer, from any forest, chafe, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether inclosed or not, from any inclosed park, paddock, wood, or any other inclosed ground, or attempting To to do: or in letting or laying any net, wire, flip, noose, toil, snare or other engine therein, for taking, killing, or destroyingf deer; and to carry such offender before feme neighbouriti

justice; to be dealt with according to law___The pecuniar

penalties on this act may be recovered before one justice, rc

f1.

97

Game.

the oath of one witness or confession; half to tlije king, to be paid for his use into the hands of such person as the justice shall direct, and half to the informer. And in case of nonpayment thereof, with the charges incident to the conviction, immediately upon the conviction, the same shall be levied by warrant of such justice by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender, except in such cases where it is otherwise provided by this act, shall be committed to the common gaol for one whole year, unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid. — And if upon conviction he doth not immediately pay the penalty, the justice may order him into custody during such time, not exceeding three days, as such justice shall think proper to allow for return of the warrant of distress. — Provided, that if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, either by con-session of the party or otherwise, that he hath not goods or chattels sufficient whereon to levy the penalty, the justice may, without issuing any warrant of distress, commit the party convicted, as if a warrant of distress had been iil'ued, and a Nulla Btma returned thereon. — Provided also, that if any person committed for any first offence against this act shall, before his commitment to prison, procure security to be given by two sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of such justice, for payment of the penalty with the charges incident, within six days,'inclusive of the day of conviction; the justice may accept of such security, and on non-payment thereof at

the time, may cause the party and his said sureties to be apprehended by warrant, and commit them to the common gaol, for such time as the party convicted was liable to have been imprisoned if no such security had been given, unless the penalty or [probably ami] charges shall be sooner paid. — If any offender for his first offence be committed for want of sufficient distress, and shall, whilst in gaol, obtain the consent in writing of the prosecutor, and also of the owner, or other person chiefly intruded with the care of the deer in the forest or other place, for his enlargement; the justices in sessions may cause him to be brought before them, and by their order may direct the gaoler to set him at liberty. — The conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper, in the following form of words, or any other form to the like effect:

Be it remembered, that on the--- day ~ — in the year ----- ---

A. 0. avas, upon the complaint of A. I. conaiicted before - -

of the justices of the peace, for-in pursuance of an aff passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his majesty iing George the

third, for---- (as the case shall be). Giasen under my hand

andfeal, the day and year above-anritten.

And the same shall be certified to the next sessions, to be there filed among!! the records.

O

Destroying

9«

Game.

; J-< -7'

3

<. 15.

C. I.

M--

11 rr. 5. c. So

Destroying Game punishable by the BLACK ACT, which fee.

Destroying covert for deer. See Burning,

EVERY person who shall trace or course any hares in the snow, thall, on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, 20s. for every hare; or after one month- after his commitment become bound by recognizance with two sureties in zol each, before two justices, not to offend again in like manner.

If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or using any fnarcs, hare-pipes, or other like engines, and shall be thereof convicted, by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice, in one month after the offence, he shall give the party injured such damages, and in such time, as the justice shall appoint, and shall pay down pre-fcntly to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum, not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint; which if he shall not do, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

If any person whatsoever shall fake or kill any hare in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress, or for want of distress, shall be sent to the house of correction for three months for the lirft offence, and for every other offeftce four months.'

If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, orde-stroy, or use any gun, dog,1 snare, net, or other engine, with intent to kill, take, or destroy any hare in the night, that is to fav, between the hours of (even at night and fix in the morning from the 12th day of October to the 12th day of February, ami between the hours of nine at night and four in t the morning from the 12th day of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the day-time, upon a Sunday or Chrill-mas day, he shall, on conviction on oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit for the first offence not exceeding 20I. nor lei's than 10I.; and for the second offence not exceeding 30I. nor iefs than 20I. And the justice shall cause the conviction io be made out in the manner and form following:

licit renimberntiy That on the -tiny of-- in 1 he year of our

Lent — A. R. is coii-vic/nt before me — one of his majeslfi

jtjlic/s of the pence for the county if--- (I'pecifying the of-

fence, with the time and place where the same was commute!

99

Game.

ted, find-also specifying'that it was the first or second, offence against this act, as the case shall be). Given under my hand and feed the day and year afnrrjaid. Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next sessions to be filed by the clerk of the peace; who shall, upon application to him made, deliver copies thereof, on payment of is. for each copy.

But in case any information shall be made upon oath as aforesaid before a justice against an offender, and it shall appear that such offender hath already been convicted of a first and second offence; in such case, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction till the next general quarter-sessions, unless he shall have entered into recognizance with two suficient sureties to appear at such sessions, then and there to be tried by indictment for the said offence ; and such justice shall also bind over the informer to prosecute the said offender by indictment as aforesaid.

Provided, that no proceedings shall be upon this act, unless information on oath be made before a justice, within one calendar month after the offence committed.

The said forfeitures for the first and second offence, and also for the third offence, on conviction at the sessions, together with the colls and charges previous to and attending such conviction (to be ascertained by the justice or justices before whom the offender shall be convicted) shall be forthwith paid, half to the informer, and half to the poor. And if such person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give security for the payment thereof, such justice or justices shall, by their warrant, cause the same to be levied by dif-trefsAnd the said justice or justices may order such offender to be detained in safe custody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the party shall give suficient security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, for his appearance before the said justice or justices on the day appointed, not exceeding (even days from the taking such security: And if, upon such return, no suficient distress can be had, the said justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction for three calendar months, unless the'forfeiture shall be sooner paid; or until such offender give notice to the informer, that he intends to appeal to the next sessions, and shall enter into a recognizance before a justice, with two suficient sureties, to try such appeal at such sessions.

If the offender dwells in another county, the justice or justices, before whom the information or indictment was made, may direct their warrant of apprehension and of distress to any constable where the offence was committed, to be by him carried to a justice residing near where the offender dwells, to be signed by him on the back of the said warrant, upon proof on path of the.hand-writing of the justice who first granted the 0 Z ' warrant.

100

Game.

warrant. .And. the justice who indcrfed the warrant shall di-rest the constable or other person making the' distress, to deliver over the money levied to the justice who firit granted the warrant; and if such constable or other person shall neg-le£t or refuse to pay such sum, or deliver over all proceedings upon such distress or warrant of apprehension, the justice who first granted the warrant; or the justice who indorsed it, may commit him to the common gaol or house of correction for six months, or till the money shall be paid, and the proceedings delivered over, i y. c. 27. Every person who shall (hoot at, kill or destroy any hare, shall, on conviction before two juiUces, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens, for the life of the poor, 20s. for every hare; or after one month after his commitment become bound by recognizance with two sureties before two justices in 20I. each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next sessions. j H. 7. c. 7. When information shall be made of unlawful hunting in a warren by night, or with painted faces, to any of the king's counsel, or to a justice of the peace, of any person suspected, he may, make a warrant to bring such person before himselfor any other of the said counsel or justices; and if such person shall conceal the said hunting, or any of his accomplices, it shall be felony but if he confesseth, it shall be but trespass; finable at the sessions. js 6? 23 C. 2. If any person shall at any time enter wrongfully into any 1 c..*j. warren or ground lawfully used or kept for the breeding or keeping of conies, whether it be inclosed or not; and there shall chafe, take, or kill any conies; and shall be thereof convicted in one month after the' offence, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness; he shall yield to the party grieved treble damages and costs, and be imprisoned three months, and after till he find sureties for his good behaviour! — No person shall kill or take in the night any conies upon the borders of warrens; on pain that the offender, on conviction in one month after the offence, before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, shall give to the party injured such damages and in such'time as shall be appointed by the justice, and over and above pay down presently to the overseers for the use of the poor such sum not exceeding ios. as the justice shall appoint; which if he shall not do, thejuf. tice shall commit him to the house of.correction for such time as he shall think fit, not exceeding one month______If any person shall be found or apprehended setting or using any snares or other like engines, for taking of conies, and shall be thereof in like manner convicted, he shall give to the party grieved such damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint, and pay down presently to the overseer for the use of the pool such sum not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall appoint;

whicl

lot

Game.

which-if he shall not do, the juliice shall commit him to -the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Of Hawks and Hawking.

N 0 manner of person, of what condition or degree he be, n U. 7.1.17. shall take or cause to be taken, on his own ground or any other man's, the eggs of any faulcon, gofliawk, or laner, out of the nest; on pain (being convicted thereof before a juliice of the peace) of imprisonment for a year and a day, and line at the king's will; half to the king, and half to the owner of the ground where the eggs were taken. 1 If any manner of person shall hawk in another man's corn 23 El. < jo. after it is eared, and before it is shocked and be co'nvicted at the assizes, sessions, or lect; he shall forfeit 40s. to the owner: And if not paid in ten days, he shall be iinprisoned for a month.

Of Swans.

NO person shall take, or cause to be taken, on his own 11 ff. 7. <M7' ground or any other man's, the eggs of any swan, on pail*.

(on conviction before the justices of the peace) of impri-ibiiment for a year and a day, and line at the king's will, half to the king, and half to the owner of the swans.

Every person who shall take the eggs of any swans ont of , y. c.zj. the nest, or willingly spoil them in the nell; and shall be convicted thereof before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witness'es, shall be committed to gaol for three months, unless he pay to the churchwardens for the life of the poor, 20s. for every egg; or after one month of his commitment, be-edme bound by recognizance with two sureties in 20I. each, before two justices, never to offend again in like manner; which recognizance shall be returned to the next sessions.

Of Partridges and Pheasants.

EVERY person who shall Ihoot at, kill, or destroy any j y. c, .7. pheafantor partridge; or shall take, kill, or destroy them with setting dogs or nets; or shall take their eggs out of the ticil, or spoil them in the nest; shall on conviction before two justices, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, be committed to gaol for three months, unless lie pay upon conviction

to

102

Game.

to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, zos. for every pheasant, partridge, or egg; or after one month after his commitment, become bound by recognizance with two sureties, before two justices, in zol. each, not to offend again in like manner. The recognizance to be returned to the next sessions.

Every person who shall fell, or buy to (ell again, any partridge or pheasant (except they be reared and brought up in houses, or brought from beyond sea); shall on conviction at the assizes or sessions, or before two justices out of sessions, forfeit for every partridge ios. and for every pheasant 20s. half to him that will sue, and half to the poor, jyt If any person, of what estate, degree, or condition soever,

shall take, kill, or dellroy any pheasants or partridges in the night time; and be thereof convicted at the assizes, sessions, or leet, he shall forfeit for every pheasant 20s. and for ever; partridge tos. half to him that shall sue, and half to the lord of the manor, uiilcfs such lord shall licence or procure the said taking or killing; in which case the said half shall go to the poor, to be recovered by any one of the churchwardens; and if not paid in to days after conviction, he shall be ini. prisoned for one month : And moreover, besides such forfeiture and imprisonment, he shall give bond to some justieeof the peace, with good'sureties, not to offend again in like manner for the space of two years.

5 Ji:. c. 25. If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any pheasant 01 partridge in the night time; he shall on conviction before ont justice, on oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, 1: shall be sent to the house of correction for three months ft: the first offence, and for every other offence four months. ijC. 3. r. So. If any person shall knowingly and wilfully kill, take, w

destroy, or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine,

with intent to kill, take, or dellroy, any pheasant or partridge in the night, that is, between the hours of seven a night and fix in the morning from the izth day of October to the 12th day of February, and between the hours ci nine at night and four in the morning from the 12th daj of February to the 12th day of October; or, in the daytime, on a Sunday or Christmas-day: he shall forfeit ft: the first offence not exceeding zol. nor less than 10I.; for d second offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than zol.; for tl third and every other subsequent offence 50I. To be lew and recovered as the like penalties for killing any hare in th night, or on a Sunday or Christmas-day, as is above ft forth.

7 J.71. Every person whatsoever, who shall hawk at, destroy, ( kill, any pheasant or partridge, with any kind of hawk, 1 dog, by colour of hawking, between the first of July andti last of August, shall, on conviction before two justices, 1

confessio

103

VJdlllC.

confession, or oath of two witnesses, in Ji>: months after the offence, be committed to gaol for one month, unless he pay upon conviction to the churchwardens or overseers for the use : of the poor, 40s. for every such hawking at any pheasant or partridge, and zos. for every such pheasant or partridge t which he, his hawk, or dog, shall take or kill.

No person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, a C. 3. r. ig, ! carry, fell, buy, or have in his possessioa or use, any par-i tridge between Feb. 12, and Sept, ij or any pheasant between Feb. 1, and Oft. t, yearly, on pain of forfeiting, on conviction by one witness, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, 5I. for every such fowl, with full colls. But this is not to extend to any pheasant taken in the season allowed by this act, and kept in any mew or breeding-place.

Of Pigeons. See Partridges.

IF any person shall Ihoot at with an intent to kill, or by » G. 3. t. 25. any means kill or take, with a wilful intent to dellroy, any house-dove or pigeon,1 and shall be thereof convicted, by confession or oath of one witness, before one j allice where the offence was committed or the party apprehended, he shall forfeit 20s. to the prosecutor; and if not forthwith paid, such justice may commit him to the gaol or house of correction, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid. Persons convicted on this act, shall not be convicted on any former act: and prosecutions on this act shall be commenced and carried on with effect within two months after the offence committed.

Of Wild Ducks, Wild Gecfe, and other Water-Fowl.

NO person, between the lait day of May, and the lait day 15 H. S. c. yt, of August yearly, shall take, or cause to be taken, any wild ducks, mallards, widgeons, teals, or wild geese, with nets or other engines, on pain of a year's imprisonment, and a forfeiture of 4d. for every fowl so taken, half to the king, and half to him that will file by action of debt: Also thejuf-,ticcs of the peace may esquire of, hear and determine the [same, as in cases of trespass.

j By a subsequent statnte, if any person whatsoever (between ,5 jf. $, f. n, jjune 1, and Oft. 1, yearly, 10 G. 2. c. 32.) shall by hays, tunnels, or other nets, drive and take any wild duck, teal,

I widgeon.

io| Game.

widgeon, or any other water-fowl, in any place of resort for wild-fowl in the moulting season, and shall be convicted thereof before one justice, by the oath of one witness, he shall, for every such fowl, forfeit 5s. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress, or be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days, to be whipt and kept to hard labour. And the nets shall be seized and destroyed in the presence of the justice.

8. c. 11. No person from March 31, to June 30, yearly, shall take or destroy the eggs of any rhallard, teal, or other water-fowl, on pain of a year's imprisonment, arid of forfeiting for every egg one penriy, half to the king} and half to him that will sue by action of debt; or, the justices of the peace may determine the same as iri cases of trespass;

Of Iieath-Fowl, Grouse, and Biiftards.

jjff, 3, c. 55. NO person shall, upon any pretence whatsoever', wilfully take, kill, destroy, carry, fell; buy; or have in his possession or ufc, any heath-fowl commonly called Black Game, between Dec. 10, and Aug. 20; nor any grouse commonly called M Game, between Dec. 10, and Aug. lz; nor any Bujtard, between March 1, and Sept. 1, in any year; on pain of forfeiting for the first offence any sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than iol.; and for the second and every subsequent offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than zol.; half to the informer, and half to the poor; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, on prosecutioi within six calendar months after the offence committed. Or the same may be recovered before one justice, information or oath being made before him within three calendar month: after the offence committed; which said justice may conviu the-offender by confession or oath of one witness-; and on neg-lcdl or refusal to pay, shall levy the same by distress, together with all cods and charges attending the same. And such justice may order the offender to be detained in safe custody, until return may conveniently be had to the warrant of distress, unless the said offender shall give security, by recognizance or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such justice, for ht appearance before him on the day appointed for the returns the warrant of distress, such day not exceeding five days free the time of taking such security- And if no iufiicient distrd can be had, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard b bour for any time not exceeding fix nor less than three calen dar months, unless the forfeiture, and all cods and chargf attending the prosecution, be (boner paid. Which convic

Game. ing

tion the justice shall cause to be written oh parchment,- arid returned to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept a-mongst the records. And the clerk of the peace fllall grant' copies thereof, on' payment of is. for each copy. — And if auy person shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to any general quarter-sessions to be holderi within four calendar months after the cause of complaint shall arise; giving 14 days notice in writing to the justice and to every other person against whom complaint shall be made; and in four days after such notice, entering into recognizance before a justice '

with one sufficient fiirety, conditioned to try the appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such colls as shall be awarded by the justices at, fuchfelfions. And the justice, having received notice of appeal, shall return all proceedings had before him, touching the matter of the said appeal, to the jufi-tices at such sessions. And the said justices, upon proof of the notice given, and of the entering into such recognizance,

shall determine the appeal in a summary way, and award colts to either party. And none of the proceedings shall be (] 11 allied for want of form, nor be removed by certiorari of other process into any of the courts at Westminster.

If any person whatsoever shall take or kill any moor, heath- 9 An, c. t'; game, or grouse, in the night-time, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of distress, to be sent to the house of correction for three months for the first offence, and for every other offence four months.

See Partridges, &c, killed on a Sunday dr Christmas-day.

Of Herons. See Partridges, &Ci

NO person, without his own ground, shall flea, take, of 19 H, 7. cause to be taken, any herons, unless it be with hawking, on pain of 6s. 8d. to him who shall sue by action of debt; or the sessions may call before them persons suspected, and examine them; arid if found in default, may commit them till they have fourid surety for payment of the forfeiture to the king; and the justices shall have the tenth part of the forfeiture for their labour.

If any person from March 31, to June 30, shall take or 35 JT. 8. c, it. destroy the eggs of any heron, he shall be imprisoned for a year, and forfeit for every egg 8d. half to the king, and half to him that will sue by action of debt, or before the justices of the peace*

P

The

Game

The penalty of lishing in Ponds and other private Fisheries.

WHEREAS divers idle, disorderly, arid nteari persons, betake themselves to the Healing, taking, and killing of fish, out of ponds, poots, mote's, llcws, and other several waters and rivers, to the great damage of the owners thereof; it is enacted, that if ariy person shall ufc any net, angle, hair, noose, troll, or speai; or shall lay any wears, pots, fish-hooks, or other engines; or shall take any fish By any means or device whatsoever, or be aiding thereunto, in any river, stew, porid, mote, or other water, without the conferit of the lord Or ownef of the water; and be thereof convicted by con-session, or oath of one witness, before one justice, in one month after the offence, every such- offender in Healing, taking or killing fish, shall, for every such offence, give to the party injured such recompence, and in such time, as the justice shall appoint, not exceeding treble damages; and moreover shall pay down to the overseers for the use of th; poor, such sum, not exceeding ios. as the justice shall think meet: In default of payment, to be levied by distress; for want of distress, to be committed to the house of correction not exceeding one month, unless he enter into bond with one I'urety to the party injured, not exceeding tol. never to of.

fend in like manner___And the juRices may take, cut, and

dcllroy all such angles, spears, hairs, noofes, trolls, wears, pots, fish hooks, nets, or other engines, wherewith such offender shall be apprehended — Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next sessions, whole determination shall be final, if no title to any land, royalty, or fishery be therein concerned.

If any person shall enter into any park or paddock fenced in, and inclosed, or into any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-house, in or through which park or paddock, garden, orchard, or yard, any river or lti'cam of water shall run or be, or wherein shall be any river, llreant, pond, pool, moat, llcw, or other water, and by any ways, means, or device whatsoever, shall Ileal, take, kill, or dcllroy, any fish bred, kept, or preferred therein, without the consent of the owner thereof; or shall be aiding or affilling therein ; or shall receive or buy any such fish, knowing the same to be so tlolen or taken as aforesaid; and shall be convicted thereof at the affixes, within six calendar months after the offence committed, ha shall be transported for (even rears. And any offender, surrendering himiclf to a iulfice, or being apprehended or in eullody for such olienee, or'on any other account, who shall make confcliion thereof, and a true discovery on oath of his accomplice or accomplices,

lo

Game. 10;

so us such accomplice may be apprehended, and shall on trial give evidence so as to convict such accomplice, shall be discharged of the offence so by him confessed. — ,-And if any person shall take, kill, or dellroy, or attempt to take, kill, or dellroy, any fish in .any river or stream, pond, pool, or other water (not being in any park or paddock, or in any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or belonging to any dwelling-house, but in any other inclosed ground'being private property) he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I, to the owner or owners of the fishery of such river or ilrearn of water, or of such pond, pool, moat, or other water: And such justice, on complaint upon oath, may issue his warrant to bring the person complained of before him ; and if he shall be convicted before such justice, or any other justice of the county or place, he shall immediately after conviction pay the said penalty of 5I. to such justice, for the use of such person as the same is hereby appointed to be paid unto; and in default thereof, shall be committed by such justice to the house of correction for any time not exceeding six months, unless the forfeiture shall be (boner paid : Or such owner of the fishery may bring an action for the penalty (within six calendar months after the offence) in any of the courts of record at Westminster.

Rules concerning the Assize, and preserving the Breed of Fish. See Burn, vol. 2, p. 301,

THE justices of the peace (and the mayor of London on I? r, the Thames and Medway) shall survey and search all the wears in such rivers, that they shall not be very llrait for the destruSiori of fry and brood, but of reasonable wideness after rheold assize used or accustomed; and they shall appoint under-conservators, who shall be sworn to make like survey, search and punishment. And they shall enquire in session, as well by their oliice, as at the information of the under-confer-vators, of all defaults aforesaid, and shall cause them which shall be thereof indicted, to come before them; and if they be thereof convict, they shall have imprisonment, and make line at the discretion of the justices; and if the same be at the information of an under-conservator, he shall have half the line.

No person shall take, or knowingly have in his possession 53 G. s. either in the water or on shore, or sell or expose to tale, any spawn, fry, or brood of fish, or any unlizcable fish, or fish out offeafon, or any smelt not live inches long: and apy person may seize the same together with the balkets and package, and charge a constable or .other peace officer with the oft'en-der and with the goods, who shall carry them before a justice.;

P 2. and

ioS Game.

and on conviction before such justice, the same shall be forfeited and delivered to the prosecutor; and the offender shall besides forfeit 20s. to be levied by distress by warrant of such justice, and distributed half to the prosecutor and half to the , poor of the parish where the offence was committed (and any inhabitant of such parish, nevertheless, may be a witness); for want of sufficient distress, to be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be sooner paid.

---- Provided, that the justice may mitigate the said penalty,

so as not to remit above one half. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions. [Form of conviction, fee vol. ii. p. 304. of Bum's Justice.] -

Rules concerning fishing in or near the sea.

. $ff. s. t. 33. NO person shall take, kill, or destroy any lobsters on the coast of Scotland, from June 1, to September 1, on pain of 5I. to be recovered by any person who shall inform and sue for the same, on a summary complaint before two justices of the shire on the coast where the offence shall be committed.

3 y. c. 12. Every person who shall set up any new wear along the sea Ihore, or in any haven, harbour, or creek, or within five miles of the mouth of any haven or creek; shall, on conviction before one justice, or mayor, forfeit for every offence rol. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue; to be levied by the constables or churchwardens by distress.

1 Q.fi. s. c. 18. If any person shall use at sea, on the Englifti coast, any.

traul-nct, drag-net, or fet-net, for catching of any fish (except herrings, pilchards, sprats or lavidnian) which hath the melh less than 3! inches from knot to knot; or. which hath a false or double bottom; or shall put one .net behind another; he shall, on conviction (after summons) before one justice where the oft'ender resides or shall be found, on oath of two witnesses, in one month after the offence, forfeit the same, and also 20I. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress; for want of suficient distress, to be committed to gaol for twelve months; and the nets to be burnt.- — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions.

Gaming.

33 H. 8.1.9. A LL justices of the peace, mayors, sheriffs, and other y \ head officers, may enter all houses and places, where gaming shall be suspected to be holden; and as well the keepers of the same, as also the persons there referring and playing,

may

109

Gaming.

may take, arrest, and imprison, and keep in prison, until the said keepers have found sureties to the king's use, to he bound by recognizance or otherwise, no longer to use, - keep, or occupy any such house, play, game, alley, or place; and also that the persons there so found, be in like case bound by themselves, or with sureties, no more to play, haunt, or exercise from thenceforth, in, at, or to any of the said places, or at any of the said games_All justices of the peace, may-

ors, bailiffs, IheriiFs, and other head officers, and every of them, finding or knowing any person using unlawful games, contrary to this act, may commit every such offender to ward, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till he be bound by obligation to the king's use, in such sum as by the discretion of the said justices, or other such officers shall be thought reasonable, -that they shall not from thenceforth use such unlawful games.

Where it shall be proved on the oath of two witnesses, be- i G. i. c.tS. fore any justice of the peace, as well as where he shall find upon his own view, that any person hath used any unlawful game contrary to the said statute, the said justice shall have power to commit him to prison without bail, unless and un-I til he shall enter into recognizance, with sureties, or without,

at the discretion of the justice, that he shall not from thenceforth play at or use such unlawful game. — And where any 33 H. 8. c. 9. the forfeitures above-mentioned shall be found within the precincts of any leet, the lord shall have one half, and the other half shall be to him that shall sue in any of the king's courts; and elsewhere, they shall be half to the king, and half to him that will sue in like manner.

All fiiits to be pursued upon any statute for using any un- 31E/. c. 5. lawful game, shall be sued and prosecuted, or otherwise heard and determined, in the general quarter-sessions or assizes of the county where the offence-shall be committed, or in the leet within which it shall happen, and not in any wise out of the county.

If any person licensed to fell any forts of liquors, or who 30 <7. a. r. 24.. shall fell or suffer the same to be sold in his house, outhouse, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, shall knowingly suffer any gaming with cards, dice, draughts, Ihuffle boards, miffiffipi, or billiard tables, skittles, nine pins, or with any other implement of gaming, in his house, outhouse, ground, or apartment thereto belonging, by any journeyman, labourers, servants, or apprentices; and shall be convicted thereof on con-session, or oath of one witness, before one justice, within six days after the offence committed, he shall forfeit for the first offence 40s. and for every other offence iol. by distress by warrant of such justice; three fourths of which shall be to the churchwardens for the use of the poor, and one fourth to the informer. — And if any journeyman, labourer, apprentice, or servant, shall game in any house, outhouse, ground,

or

110

Gaming.,

or apartment thereto belonging, wherein any liquors shall be fold, and complaint thereof shall be made on oath before one justice where the offence shall be committed, he shall issue his warrant to the constable or other peace officer of the place wherein the offence is charged to have been committed, cr where the offender shall reiide, to apprehend and carry die offender before some justice of the place where the offence ,shall be committed, or where the offender shall reside; and if such person shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness or confession, he shall forfeit not exceeding zos. norlefs than 5s. as the justice shall order, every time he shall so offend and be convicted as aforesaid, one fourth to the informer, and three fourths to the overseers for the use of the poor; and if he shall not forthwith pay down the same, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction or some other prison -of the place where he shall be apprehended, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until lie shall pay the forfeiture — And any justice, unto whom complaint upon oath shall be made, of any offence committed against this act, shall issue his warrant for bringing before him, or some other justice of such place, the person charged with such offence; and the justice before whom he is brought shall hear and determine the matter, and proceed to judgment and conviction ; and if it shall appear upon oath: to the satisfaction of such justice, that any person within his jurisdiction can give material evidence on behalf of'tile prosecutor or of the person accused, and who will not voluntarily appear, he shall issue his summons to convene him to give hit evidence; and if he shall neglect or refuse to appear on such summons, and no just excuse shall be offered, then (on proof upon oath of the summons having been duly served upon him) he shall issue his warrant to bring such witness before him; and on his appearance, if he shall refuse to be examined on oath, without offering juff cause for fu?h tefufal, the justice shall commit him to the public prison for any time not ex,

cceding three months___[Form of conviction, fee Burn, vol.

it- page 324.]

And if any person convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall think himself aggrieved by the judgment of tbs justice before whom he shall have been convicted, he may appeal to the next sessions. ijC. s. c. 36. Any house, room, garden, or other place kept for publit dancing, music, or other entertainment of the like kind, in London, or within zo miles thereof, without licence as hereafter following (except the theatres of Drury-lane, Covent-Garden, the Hay-market, and other entertainments exercisa' by letters patents or licence of the crown, or of the lore chamberlain) shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, am the keeper thereof shall forfeit tool, with full colls, to bin who shall sue (in six months) in, any of the courts at Web

iniuftn

Gaming. m

j minder. And the person who shall appear to act as milder,' or as having the management of such disorderly house, shall [ be deemed a keeper thereof.

Which said licence shall be granted at the lad preceding ^ Ci Ii Ci ^ Michaelmas sections, and shall be signed and sealed by four justices in open court, and afterwards be publickly read by the clerk of the peace, with the- names of the justices Tube feribing the same; and no licence shall be granted at any adjourned sections; nor shall any fee be taken for the same.

And there shall be inserted in such licence, and made condi-j tions thereof, that the words following shall be affixed in large j capital letters over the door or entrance of every such licensed 5 house or place, viz. Licensed pursuant to act of parliament of

!the twenty-fifth of king George the second; and that it shall not be opened before live in the afternoon. And in case of a I breach of either of the said conditions, the licence shall be forfeited, and revoked by the justices at the next sections,

and shall not be renewed.

And to encourage prosecutions against persons keeping bawdy-honfes, gaming-houses, or other disorderly houses,

I the condable, on notice given him in writing by any two in-| habitants of the parish paying foot and lot, of any person I keeping such house, shall forthwith go with them to a judice of the peace; and shall (on their making oath that they be-I lieve the contents of such notice to be true, and entering into l a recognizance of zol. each to produce evidence of the of-| fence) enter into a recognizance of 30I. to prosecute with eficfl such person at the next sections or affixes, as to the justices shall seem meet; and on the condable entering into such recognizance, the judice shall issue his warrant for bringing the accused persons before him, and shall bind them over to appear at the said sections or affixes, and shall also, if he thinks lit, demand and take surety for their good behaviour in the mean time.

And if the condable shall neglect or refuse, upon such notice, to go before a judice, or to enter into recognizance, or shall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the prosecution, he shall forfeit 20I. to each of the said inhabitants.

And the condable shall be allowed all the reasonable cx-per.ces of the prosecution, to be ascertained by two justices; and diall be paid che same by the overseers of the poor: and if such person be convicted, the overseers diall also forthwith pay iol. to each of such inhabitants, on pain of forfeiting double to the said persons.

Any two justices may cause to come, or to be brought be- „ fore them, every person whom they shall have jud cause to suspect to have no visible estate, profession, or calling to maintain themselves by, but do for the most part support themselves by gaming; and if such person shall not make it appear to the said justices, that the principal part of his ex-i ponces

112

Gaming.'

pences is not maintained by gaming, they shall require of him sufficient sureties for his good behaviour for lz months, and in default of his finding such securities, shall commit him. to the common gaol, until he'find such securities as aforesaid. — And if he shall, during, the time for. which he shall be bound, at any one time or fitting, play or bet for any sums or other thing exceeding in the whole the value of zos. such playing tliall be deemed a forfeiture of the recog., nizance.

g/fn. c.6. . All justices of the peace, mayors, constables and other civil

officers shall use their utmoll endeavours to prevent the drawing of any unlawful lottery, by all lawful ways and means; and every person who shall set up, or by writing or printing publish' the setting up any unlawful lottery, with intent to have such lottery drawn, shall forfeit iool. one third to the king, one third to the poor, and one third with full colls to him who shall sue in the courts a^Westminster.

? G. c. 2.. Every person who shall keep any office or place, under the denomination of sales of houses, lands, &c. or shall sell or expose to sale the same or any of them, by way of lottery, or by. lots, tickets, See. or shall make, print, adverdfe, or pub. lish proposals or schemes for advancing small sums of monr by several persons, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in some public lottery; or shall deliver out tickets; or shall make, print or publish, any proposal or feheme of the like nature,

under any denomination whatsover,---- and shall be thereof

convicted, on oath of one witness, by two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by any former act male against private lotteries, forfeit 500I. one third to the king, qnc third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to he levied, by distress and sale by warrant of such'justices, and shall also by such justices be committed to the county gad .without bail for one whole year, and from thence till the fail sum of 500I. shall be paid: Provided that persons aggrieve! may appeal to the next quarter-sessions. And every perfoi who shall be adventurer in, or any way contribute on the account of any such sales, lotteries, proposals, or feheme:, shall forfeit double the sum contributed, with colls, half t; the king, and half to him that shall sue in the courts a Westminster.

12 G. 3. c. iS. If any person shall erect, set up, continue, or keep, an;

such office or place, or shall expose to sale any houses, lands advowsons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, ships, c other goods, by any game, method, or device whatsoevo depending upon, or to be determined by any lot or drawing whether it be out of a box or wheel, or by cards or dice, < by any machine, engine, or device of chance of any kin whatsoever, he shall, on conviction before'any justice of tl

peat

Gaming. 113

peace, (or mayor) on the.oath of one witness, or view;of fitch justice, or confession, forfeit zool. by diilrefs and sale, by warrant of one justice of the county or town where the offence shall be committed; which said forfeiture (after deducing reasonable charges of die prosecution) shall go one third to the informer, and two thirds to the poor of the pa'-rish (except in Bath, where the said two thirds shall go to the poor of the hospital there). — And if the offender shall not have sufficient goods, whereon to levy the penalties, or shall not immediately pay or give security for the same, the justice before whom he shall be convicted, may commit hint to the common gaol, not exceeding six months, and the sale shall be void.

And if any witness shall neglect or refttfe to appear, upon lSG.a. c. 34. iiimmons, or shall refuse to give evidence, or give false evidence, he shall forfeit 50I. by diilrefs, by warrant of the person issuing such summons: and if he have not sufficient goods whereon to levy die 50b he shall be committed to the common gaol for fix- months.

But if any person think himself aggrieved b^r the judgment 12 G. z. c. zS, of any justice or mayor, he may appeal to the next sessions, giving reasonable notice to the prosecutor. — And if any justice, or mayor, shall neglect his duty herein, he shall forfeit tol. with full colls, half to him that shall Ate (in six months) in any court of record or at the affixes, and half to the poor.

If any person shall, by colour of any grant from any foreign 9 Cw £. ,9< prince or state, set up any lottery; or shall make, print, or publish any proposal for any such lottery or undertaking, and shall be convicted thereof, on oath of one witness; before two justices where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found, he shall, over and above any penalties by former acts against unlawful lotteries, forfeit 200I. one third to the king, one third to the informer, and one third to the poor, to be levied by diilrefs by warrant of such justices; and shall also by them be committed to the county gaol for one year, and from thence till the said film of zool. be paid : provided, that persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions.

No person shall keep any office for buying, or felling, or 23 G. 3. c- 47. otherwise dealing in any tickets in the lottery, without ill'll taking out a licence for that purpose, but previously to the delivery of it there shall be paid the sum of fifty pounds for every such licence, at the llnmp-oflice. — No licence to be granted for any office in Oxford or Cambridge. — Persons keeping any office contrary to this act, shall forfeit one hundred pounds. — The words, Licensed to deal in Ictlay lidds, to be written upon the door in the front of the office. —

The contrafi on every sale of >1 smaller share than a sixteenth shall be void in law, and the feller shall forfeit fifty pounds.

— Ail penalties incurred by offending against this act (except

114

JS G.

5J"-4- t 4 3-

4 G. i.

' Gamine.

o

cept where a different mode of prosecution is herein before specially prescribed) shall be recoverable before any two or more of his Majesty's juicif.es of the'peace for the county, he. in which the offence shall be committed, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on con-session of the offender; and one moiety shall belong to the informer, and the other to his Majesty, to be levied by distress, by warrant under the hands and (cals of such justices; and for want of fuflicieiit distress, the offender shall be fentby such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months, nor less than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless

such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied_Justices may

mitigate penalties to one half, ovc-r and above the cods and charges.

Gaol and Gaoler.

Building and Repairing of Gaols.

r, justices, or the greater number of them, within the

jj[ limits of their commission', upon presentment of the grand jury at the nfiizes (or feifions, in G. 2. c. 29.) of the insufficiency or inconveniency of the comity gaol, may contract with any person for the building, finishing, or repairing the same.

The expence thereof to be paid by the treasurer, out of the next general county-rate.

Gaoler shall receive Criminals. '

.. I0. ALL felons lha.ll be imprisoned in the common gaol, and not elsewhere.

( J0> And if the gaoler refuses to receive a felon, or take any thing for receiving him, he shall be punished for the same by the justices of gaol-delivery.

,0> But vagrants and other criminals, offenders, and perfom charged with (mail offences, may for such offences, or for want of sureties, be committed either to the common gaol, or house of correction, as the justices in their judgment shall think proper.

How they shall be maintained.

THEY are to be provided for by a Aim to be paid out of " '9‘ the general county-rate, by the high constables, to.such fill-ficient persons dwelling nigh the gaols, as shall be iippointed

. I'V

ii5

Gaol and Gaoler.

by the justices in open feffioris, who shall be there ready to receive it.

Selling of Strong Liquors in Gaols. Sec Excise,

Spirituous Liquors.

NO person shall retail ale, beer, or other liquors, in any 29 c.2, c. 12. prison, without being licensed in like manner as nlchouse-keepers,

How Prisoners may be set on Work.

THE justices in their general sessions, if they find it need- c. z. c. ful, may provide a stock of such materials as they find con- dc. z. 1.29. venient for the setting poor prisoners on work, to be paid for by the treasurer out of the general county-rate; and may pay and provide (it persons to oversee and set such prisoners on work; and make such orders for accounts concerning the premises, -as shall be thought needful, and for punishment of liegleft and other abuses, and for bellowing the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners for their relief- Provided that the sum to be so paid do not exceed the rate of 6d. a week for any one parish.

How they shall be retrained arid kept.

THE county gaol is the prison for malefactors; but pri- ,3^

foners for debt, where el'cape lies ngainIt the sheriff for their escaping, may be kept in what place the Ihcrift' pleases.

But on emergent occasions,. as in case of infeddous diseases, 19 c. a, c. 4. the lhcriff or gaoler, with the advice and con font of three or more justices (1 Q.) may, if they shall find it needful, provide other safe places (with the owner's consent) for the removal of sick or other persons out of the usual gaols.

The gaoler shall not put, keep, or lodge prisoners for debt 22 3 ,3 c. 2. and felons together in one room or chamber; but they shall c. 20. be put, kept, and lodged separate and apart from one another in distmft rooms; on pain of forfeiting his office, and treble damages to the party grieved.

The justices, in their several quarter-sessions, shall order ,^0.3.1.59. die wall; and ciclings of the several wards, both of the debtors and felons, and also of any other rooms used by the prisoners in their respective gaols where felons are usually confined, to be (craped and white-washed once in the year at lead; and to be regularly washed and kept clean, and constantly supplied with frelli air by hand-ventilators or otherwise; and shall order two rooms in each gaol, one for the men, and the other Q^z for

ii6

Gaol and Gaoler.

for the women, to be set apart for the sick prisoners, directing them to be removed into such rooms as soon as they shall be feixed with any disorder, and kept separate from those who shall be in health; and shall order a warm and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, to be provided in each gaol, and direct the prisoners to be walhcd in fitch warm or cold baths or bathing tubs, according to the condition in which they shall be at the time, before they are fufFcred to go out of the gaol upon any occasion whatsoever. And they (had order this act to be printed in large and legible characters upon a board, and hung up in some conspicuous part of the gaol. And they shall also appoint an experienced fur-geon or apothecary, at a dated salary, to attend the gaol, who shall report to the justices, at each quarter-sessions, a date of the health of the prisoners under his care. — And they shall have power, in their said quarter-sessions, to order cloaths to be provided for the prisoners, when they fee occasion; and to prevent the prisoners from being kept under ground, whenever they can do it conveniently; and to make such other orders, from time to time, for restoring or preferring the health of prisoners, as they shall think necessary; and also to direct the several courts of justice within their respective jurisdictions to be properly ventilated.--- And if the gaoler shall neglect or disobey the orders of the justices, he may be proceeded against in a summary way, by- complaint to the judges of assize, or to the justices in their quarter-sessions.

Of Clergymen to officiate in Gaols.

J3 a. 3. c. 5S.

THE justices in sessions may appoint clergymen to officiate in gaols according to the rites of the church of England, and allow to each a salary not exceeding 50I. a year; to be paid by the treasurer out of the county-rate.

How Prisoners shall be delivered.

14. c. 3. c. sc. IF the prifoticr is acquitted, or discharged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, or hath no bill found againf. him, he shall pay no fee to the gaoler for his discharge; but such fee as hath been usual, not exceeding 13s. 4d. shall, on certificate of the judge or justice before whom such prisonet hath been discharged, be paid out of the general county-rate.

Concerning Debtors.

31C. i. e. ;S. HO (iicriff, bailiff, or other officer, shall take more for one or more night's lodging, or fora day's diet, or other expence;

of

Gaol and Gaoler. 117

of any person under arrest, than shall be allowed by order of ' sessions: which sessions shall make order therein, and'vary the same from time to time as they shall see occasion; and shall canfe a copy of every such order, and of every variation or alteration thereof, ligned by the clerk of the peace, to be put and kept up in in some conspicuous place in the sessions house, or other proper place, that the same may be there seen and examined. — And every sheriff, and other person intruded with the execution of procels, shall deliver a printed copy of the several-clauses in this act relating to bailiffs and other persons ' to be employed under them, to every such baililf and other person; and shall also make it part of the condition of the bond to be given by such baililf or other person, that he will shew and deliver a copy of the said clauses to every person he shall arrest and go with to any public or other house where any liquor shall be fold, and that he will permit every person Jo arrested, or any friend, of his, to read over the same clauses before any liquor, meat, or victuals shall be called'for or brought to such person : arid if any baililf shall offend in the premises; he shall, besides the breach of the condition of the bond, be deeemed guilty of a misdemeanor in the execution ojf the process, and punishable as such by virtue of this act — And the sheriffs and gaolers shall suffer any prisoner for debt, at his will and pleasure to fend for or to have brought unto him at seasonable times in the day, any beer, ale, victuals, or other necessary food, from what place he shall think lit, or can have the same; and also to have and ufc such bedding, linen, and other necessaries, as he shall have occasion for and think lit, or shall be supplied with, without purloining or detaining the same, or requiring him to pay for the having or tiling thereof, or putting any manner of restraint or difficulty upon him in relation thereunto.

The two lords chief justices and lord chief baron, or two j2 C. a. c. sS. of them, together with the mayor and two aldermen of London or with three aldermen without the mayor, in respect of the .prisons within the said city ; and the said lords chief justices and chief baron, or two ofth'em, together with three justices of the peace of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, for the prisons within the said counties; and elsewhere, the justices

in sessions,--shall establish tables of the rates and fees to be

taken by gaolers within their respective jurisdiction, and vary the same from time to time as they shall see occasion. The same to be signed respectively by the said judges, mayor, aldermen, and justiceswithin London, Middlesex, and Surrey; and elsewhere, to be signed by three or more justices in sessions, and afterwards reviewed and confirmed or moderated by the judges of assize (or justices of great sessions in Wales and Clieshire) at the next assizes to be held after making or varying the same as aforesaid; the same to be afterwards signed by the said judges of assize and three justices of the -peace of such

division

u8 Gaol and Gaoler.

division or place respectively. — And proper rules and orders, . for the better government of the respective gaols and prisoners therein, shall be made, and altered from time to time to time as there shall be occasion, by the courtsofWcllminller hall for the several prisons belonging to the said courts; And by the said lords chief justices and chief baron or two of them, toge. ther with the mayor of London and two aldermen, or with three aldermen without the mayor, for the prisons within the said city: And by the said lords chief justices and chief baron or two of them, together with three justices of the peace, fot the prisons within Middlesex and Surry; and else'where, by three or more justices in sessions, for the prisons within their respective diilrifls; the same to be afterwards reviewed, and altered if thought necessary, by the judges of assize at the next affixes after making or altering the same.

i c. 2.4s. And duplicates of every such tables of fees and of order!

which shall be made for the prisons belonging to the courts of Westminster-hall, shall be enrolled in such court: And for any other- prisons, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be enrolled by him, without fee; and every such clerk of the peace shall cause another copy thereof to be hung up in the court where the assizes or quarter-sessions shall be held, there to remain and be inspected; and shall cause another copy thereof to be transmitted to the gaoler; and such gaoler shall forthwith cause the same to be hung up in some open place and a conspicuous manner in his gaol; and to be there kept up, (o as that the prisoners may have free refoti thereto, at seasonable times in the day, without paying any

thing for the fame____The courts at Westminster, justices of

assize (and great sessions) justices of the peace, and commit sioners for charitable uses, shall from time to time esquire concerning gifts and bequells to poor prisoners; who may fend for papers and witnesses, and examine persons upon oath, and order and settle the payment thereof in such easy and expeditious way as they shall think proper__And a ta-

ble of such benefactions, after every such settling thereof, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be regillerei by him without fee ; and another table to the gaoler, to in hung and kept up by him in some conspiatous place in his gaol.

Concerning the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Marshalsea.

siC..-.9. THE justicos in F,after sessions shall set down what fumr shall be sent out of every county or place corporate, for til relief of the poor prisoners of the king's-bench and MarlM sea, so as there be sent out of every county yearly 20s. at thi lead to each of the said prisons; to be paid by the higli con

Habit

lip

' \ -

Gaol and Gaoler.

stables out of the general county-rate, to two such treasurers or one of them, as by the moll part of the justices of the county shall be elefled to be treasurers.

Gauger. See Excise-Gin. See Excise.

Glass.

FOR the establishing a corporation for carrying on a glass I3 c. 5.

manufactory, for the calling of large plate-glass (which act hath continuance for 21 years) many of the penalties and, forfeitures are recoverable before one justice of the place where such manufacture shall be carried on: Which not being general, it is thought sufficient in this place to refer those whom it may concern to the act itself.

For the Duties on Glass, fee Excise. Good Behaviour. See Surety. Grand Larceny. See Larceny. Greyhound. Sec Game.

; Gunpowder.

EVERY person and persons, using any mill or other en- nC. c.61, gine for making of gunpowder, shall, besides the maga- J vines and storehouses near their mills, have a good and sufficient magazine remote from their respective mills, in some convenient place to be licensed by the justices, on pain that every person making gunpowder, without having such magazine remote from the mill, shall forfeit 2jl. for every month during which he shall make gunpowder without having such magazine, and 5I. for every day during which he (not being hindered by llrefs of weather, or other jull impediment) shall wilfully neglect or delay removing the gunpowder made at such mill_It shall be lawful for the justices

in sessions, from time to time, to license the erecting or having such mills and offices, or such magazines for keeping un-limitted quantities of gunpowder in places, not being within London or Westminster, or any other limits herein before par-icularly described, the person having first given 14. days noice in writing of the intention to make such application, to m ovcifecr of the poor or churchwarden of the parish or place therein it is proposed to erefl such new mill and offices or

magazine.

120 Gunpowder.

magazine, or of an adjoining parish, if the place be extrapa-rochial; which overseer or churchwarden shall cause such notice to be publickly read on the Sunday next ensuing in the parish church after divine service. — And if the justices in the said sessions shall refuse to grant such licence, the party aggrieved may apply to the said justices then present for a fpc-cial Hate of the case, in order that the said case and proceedings may be removed by certiorari into the court of king's-bench. And if the court of king's-bench shall be of opinion, that the justices ought not to have refused such'licence, they shall order the justices to grant such licence at their next sessions, and shall award colts on the writ of certiorari as they shall think fit.

« G. 3. e. 61. No person shall be liable to any penalty or prosecution under this act, for keeping unlimitted quantities of gunpowder without such licence of the justices, in any magazine remote from any gunpowder-mill, and already built and used for that purpose, in any place not being within London or Wed-minder, or the other limits herein before described, until the expiration of six calendar months, after an .adjndication by the justices that the same is dangerous: And they shall not have power to make such adjudication, except on complain.' to them by some housholder of the parish or place in which the magazine shall be, and after summons of the owner and examination of witnesses. — The justices in sessions, on application by makers of gunpowder, may appoint proper and convenient pieces of ground, not being in London or Well-minder, or other the limits aforesaid, and not exceeding on: acre in any one place, with the use of convenient roads thereto, on which they may erect magazines, after having agreed with the owner for the purchase of the same: And if futh owner shall not agree, or by reason of any impediment cannot agree, the justices shall issue a warrant to the sheriff, to summon a jury to appear before them at a time and place appointed, who shall, upon their oaths, enquire into the true value of the said pieces of ground, with the use of such convenient roads thereto. And the 'justices may fend for any persons intcrefled, and examine any parties or witnesses upos oath. And the verdict of the jury shall be kept amongsttk records of the sessions. And the judgment of the said juilicfl thereon shall be final. And the sum of monoy so to be adjudged, not exceeding 30 years purchase, shall be paid totkj owner of the ground; and upon such payment, cr in case & refusal to accept the money, then upon leaving the lame wid the justices for the benefit of the owner, the inheritance e the ground, and the use of the said roads thereto, ftisilh vested in the purchaser, his heirs and assigns, for the purpe* aforesaid, and not otherwise.

For the more cafy discovery of offender: agn-nf: r-5

any justice, on demand made, and reasonable came

U-

Gunpowder. I2i

upon oath, may issue his warrant for searchiilg, in the day-time, any house, mill, magazine, &c. in which such gunpowder is -suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this act:

And all gunpowder found on such search, and also the bar- rcls, shall be immediately seized by the searcher, till it shall be adjudged, on a hearing before Mo justices, whether the same shall be forfeited. — All penalties on this act shall be recovered before two justices, on conviction of the offender by confession or oath of one witness, and be distributed half to the king and half to the informer; and where the penalty is pecuniary, it shall be levied by distress, and for want of fuf-iicient distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding six months, nor less than three. — Prosecution to be commenced within 14 days after feiznre of the gunpowder, or commission of the offence where there shall not be any seizure. — This act shall not extend to any mills or other buildings erected for making gunpowder in any lands belonging to his majesty ; or to the keeping of gunpowder at any of his majesty's store-houses or magazines j or to hinder the trial of gunpowder by his majesty's officers; or to the keeping of gunpowder at the magazines now erected at Barking Creeksmouth in the county ofEffex, Eryth Level in the county ofKent, or the magazines near Liverpool, or the city of Bristol; or to the carriage of gunpowder to or from the king's magazines, under a special order from the board of ordnance; or to the carriage of gunpowder with forces on their march, or with the militia during their annual exercise, or which shall be sent for the use of Fuch forces or militia. — Also, this act shall not extend to hinder any person from carrying an unlimited quantity of gunpowder, in such close decked vessels and in such manner as is herein before directed, from any vessels lying below Black-wall, or from such magazines lying below Blackwall and going to any place beyond sea or coastwise.

Guns. See Game.

Habeas Corpus. See Bail.

Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

For the Duty on Coaches, fee title Excise.

JF any person shall refnfe to pay, or shall deface any coach g j$r„ c.

or chair, any justice may grant his warrant to bring him before him; and on proof upon oath may award satisfaction to the party, and on refusal to pay, may bind him over to the next sessions, who may determine the same.

R

The

122 Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

io C. 3. c. 44. The breach of the by-laws, and of these rules and orders, maybe punished by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate, where the offence shall be committed,

in like manner as by the commissioners_And all penalties

levied by any justice, mayor, bailiff, or other magistrate shall by them be transmitted to the receiver general of the duties on hackney coaches and chairs, and they shall also transmi: a certificate thereof to the of, within ten days after levying such penalty on pain of iol. half to the king", and . half to Itim that shall sue.

Harbour filling up. See Rivers and Navigation. Hares. See Game.

3 3? 4 An. c, 4.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

9® joff. c. 27. ^TT'HERE shall be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty : chapman, or any other trading person, going front ; town to town, or to other men's houses, and travelling eithet on foot, or with horse, horses, or otherwise, within the kingdom of England (except as herein-after excepted), carrying to fell, or exposing to sale any goods, wares, or merchandizes, a duty of 4I. for each year.

And if any such person be found trading as aforesaid, without, or contrary to such licence; or if on demand made by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other peace officer of any town corporate or borough, where he shall so trade, he shall not have his licence ready to be produced; he shall forfeit 12I. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish wherein the offender shall be discovered; and for nonpayment thereof, shall suffer as a common vagrant, and be committed to the house of correction.

And if any constable or other officer aforesaid, shall refuse or negleiSt, upon due notice, or his own view, to be aiding in the execution hereof, being thereunto required, and b: thereof convicted on oath of one wiinefts before one justice where the offence shall be committed; he shall forfeit 40s. by distress and sale by warrant of such justice, half to the

poor, and half to the prosecutor____And any person may

seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person, till he produce his licence if he have any, or if he be found trading without a licence, for such reasonable time as he may give notice to the constable, churchwarden, overseer, or some other parish officer, who shall carry such person so seized before a justice; who shall, eithet on confession, or proof by witness upon oath, convict the offender, and by his warrant cause the sum of 12I to be forthwith

9 S' 10 If. c. Zb

Hawkers and Pedlars.

vith levied by distress and fule of the offender's goods, wares, or merchandizes.

t

Hawks and Hawking. See Game,

Hedge-breaking. See Wood.

Hemp.

T shall not be lawful for any person to water any hemp or 53 H. S. f. flax, in any river, running water, Bream, brook, or other '

common pond, where hearts use to be watered; on pain that every person offending shall forfeit zos. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, or any other who shall sue in any court of record, leet, &c.

Every grower of hemp or flax, who shall be entitled to the 21 G. 3. bounty of 3d. per stone for hemp, and 4d. for flax, shall flgn and exhibit his claim to one of the justices of the peace for the county, mentioning in such claim of what crop the same is, and the farm or ground on which the hemp or (lax grew: which claim shall be likewise attested by two of the parish officers; and which claim so attested, the said justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit to the justices for the comity, riding, or place, at their next general quarter sessions. — The justices, at their Michaelmas sessions, are to advertise the bounties, granted by this act, with the conditions necessary to be complied with before the same can be received. — And at their said Midsummer quarter sessions in each year, to make up a Hate of the claims which have been finally settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the of for trade and plantations. — And the receivers of the land tax shall pay, on order of the quarter sessions, the sums appropriated for each county_The justices

shall transmit to the of for trade, &c. a state of the claims made, and their proceedings thereupon — This act shall continue five years from the first day of August, 1782, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

123

Herring Fishery.

IE any person shall damnify or destroy, without con fen t of G. % . e. 14.

the society of the free British fishery, any of the nets, fails, cordage, stores, or other materials belonging to the said society, he shall, on conviction on the oath of two witnesses before,one justice, forfeit to the society treble value, by dif-R 2 tress;

Herring Fishery,

tress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made. Prosecution to be within six calendar months.

Hides and Skins. See Leather. High-Treason. See Treason.

Highways in general.

Qf the special Sessions to be held for the Highways.

THE justices shall hold a special sessions for the highways, in the week next after the Michaelmas' general quarter-sessions yearly. — And any two justices, within their respective limits, may, whenever they shall judge proper, hold a special sessions, and- adjourn the same as they Audi think fit; causing notice to be given of the time and place of holding such special sessions, and of the adjournments thereof, to the several justices acting and residing within such limits, by the high' constable or other proper officer.

Appointment of Surveyors.

I- G *. r. 78 THE justices shall hold such Michaelmas special sessions ss ' y aforesaid, at such convenient place within their respective limits, as they in their discretion shall judge proper: and shall give notice of the time and place to the constables of the respective parishes, townships, or places, at least ten days before the holding of the said sessions. j,t. ' On September zz, yearly, unless that day be Sunday, and

then on the day following, the constables, churchwardens, surveyors of the highways, and houfliolders affeflfed to any parochial or public rate, shall assemble at the church or chapel, or if there be no churdh or chapel, then at the iifual place of public meetings, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon: and the major part of them so 'assembled. shall makci lift of the names of at1 least ten persons living within such dif-drift, each of whom hath an estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within such distri'ft, in his own right or in the right of his wife, of the value of iol. by the year, — or a personal estate of the value of iool — -or occupieth a tenement of the yearly value of 30I. And if there shall nor be ten persons so qualified, they shall insert in such lift the

names

425

Highways in general.

names of so many as are so qualified, together with the names of so many of the most sufficient and able inhabitants not so. qualified as shall make up the number io, if so many can be found; if not, so many as shall be there resident — to serve the office of surveyor of the highways.

And the constable shall, within three days after such 13G. 3. c. 7S. meeting, transmit a duplicate of such lift to one of the just tices living near to such parish or place — And shall also, within three days after making the said lift, give personal no. tice to, or canfe notice in writing to be left at the place of abode of the several persons contained in such lift, in-forming them of their being (b named; to the intent that they may severally appear before the justices at the said spe. cial sessions, to accept such office if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew cause, if they have any, against their being so appointed___And shall also return and deliver the

original lift to' the justices at their said special sessions to be holden in the week next after the Michaelmas general quarter-sessions

And the justices then and there, from the said lifts, ac- Id. cording to their discretion, and the largencfs of the parish, township, or place, shall, by warrant under their hands and seals, appoint one, two, or more of such persons as aforesaid, if he or they shall in the opinion of such justices be qualified for the office; if not, one, two, or more of the other fubftaritial inhabitants, or occupiers of lands, tenements,' woods, tithes, or other hereditaments, within such parish, township, or place, living within three miles thereof and within the same county, fit and proper to serve the oft (ice, if any such can be found. — Which appointment shall by the constable be notified to every person so appointed, within three days after such appointment, by serving him with the said warrant, or by leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his hotife or usual place of abode. — And the said justices shall then and there give such of the said surveyors ns shall personally appear before them a charge, for the better performance of their duty.

If any of the persons so appointed, whose names were con- jd. tained in the lift, and who were served with the said notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the said special fed ions and accept the said office if appointed thereto in manner aforesaid; or shall not, within six days after being served with such warrant of appointment, signify his acceptance thereof, either in person or by writing, to one of the said justices; he shall forfeit jl. And if any person so appointed, whose liamc was not contained in the lilt, shall refuse or neglect to accept the said office; or shall not, within six days after being served with the appointment, shew to one of the justices iigning such appointment sufficient cause why he Jliould not serve such office; — he shall forfeit 50s.

126 J? G, 3. C.

Highways in general.

But if no such lift shall be made and returned j or if the justices shall make an appointment, and the person appointed shall refuse to serve j the said justices or any two of them shall, at the said specfal sessions, or at some subsequent sessions to be holden within one month after, nominate and appoint some other person whom they shall judge proper, and appoint him a salary out of the said forfeitures and all other forfeitures, lines, penalties, assessments, and compositions within such district as they shall think lit, not exceeding one eighth part of what shall have been raised by an alFelTment of 6a in the pound for the use of the highways in such district, where any such assessment hath been raised; and observing the same restriction as near as they can, from the bed information they llhall be able to get of the probable amount of such airelfment, where none hath been already made: And the justices may, if they think lit, require the constables and surveyor, or any of them, to return to the said justices,-at such time and place as they shall appoint, an account in writing of such sum which such act'eflment of 6d in the pound hath raised or will in their opinion raise within such parish or place.

And if the constables, churchwardens, surveyors, and such housholders as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make such lift; — or if the constable shall not return such lift when made, and such duplicate thereof as aforesaid; — and give such notice or notices; and serve such warrant as in this act is di. rested ; — or if such constable or surveyor shall neglect tore-turn such account of the amount of such afteflinent as aforesaid, when required; they shall forfeit 40s. — Provided, that in cities, boroughs, and towns corporate, the justices shall not allow any salary, other than such as shall be agreed on by two parts out of three of the persons assembled in the respective parish, township, or place, within such city, borough, or town corporate.

And in all cases where the justices, upon neglect or refusal of the person so appointed surveyor to accept the said office shall appoint any other with a salary; they shall appoint one fttbftantinl inhabitant of such parish, township, or place, for aliistant to such surveyor, until the next annual appointment of surveyors: And if the person so appointed assistant shall, on notice of such appointment, refuse to accept the office; he fttail forfeit 50s. And if any second appointed affillant shall refuse to accept that office; he shall in like manner forfeit 50s. And in such case, they may appointa tltird person in like manner to be affillant to such surveyor; who shall be intitled to these last mentioned forfeitures, and also to such further allowance by way of salary as the said justices shall think proper; to be paid as the surveyor's salary is hereby directed to be paid. Provided, that no person so appointed assistant for one year shall be liable to be appointed assistant again for the same parish, township, or place, within

12J

Highways in general.

three years next following such appointment, without hiscon-sent.

And the surveyor of any parish, township, or place, who 13 G. 3. c. ;S. shall not reside therein, but shall be appointed with such salary as aforesaid, shall (if required) give bond, upon paper without llamp, (for which the justices clerks shall have 6d. and no more) to account for the money that shall come to his hands as surveyor.

The justices shall, at.every special fclfions to be held in the Id, week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, cause to be delivered a printed abstract of the moll material parts of this act, to every surveyor to be then appointed by them, as the charge hereby directed to be given. — And the surveyors shall pay to the justices' clerks for the appointment and charge the Atm of one shilling.

If two parts out of three of those so to be assembled for W. the nomination of surveyors, shall agree in the choice of any particular person of skill and experience to serve the office of surveyor, and in settling a certain salary for his trouble therein, and shall return the name of such person together with the lift, to the justices at -their laid sessions to be holden in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions; the said justices may, if they think proper, appoint such person to be surveyor for such parish, township, or place, and allow him the salary mentioned in such agreement; which shall be raised and paid in the same manner, as the salary herein before mentioned is directed to be raised and paid.

,. If a surveyor shall die, or become incapable to execute a. his office, before the next special sessions for appointing surveyors ; two justices, at a special sessions, may appoint another whom they shall think proper, until the next special sessions for appointing surveyors as aforesaid. And if such deceased surveyor had a salary, they may allow the same salary to his successor, in proportion to the time he shall serve the said office.

The surveyor shall from time to time give information upon id. oath to the justices or two of them, of all such highways, and of all bridges, causeways, &c. as are out of repair, and ought to be repaired by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, byreasonof any grants, &c. and the said justices shall limit a time for repairing the same: and if such repairs shall not be effectually made within the time so limited; the said justices shall prefertt such highways, bridges, causeways, or pavements, together with the person or persons liable to repair the same, at the next general quarter fclfions for the place where such highway shall lie : and the justices there, if they fee caitfe, may direct the prosecution to be carried on at the general expence of such county, city, precinct, or liberty, and to be paid out of the general rates within such jurisdiction.

And

Highways in general.

And where any lands have been or shall be given for the maintenance ofcaufeways, pavements, highways, and bridges; the persons enfeoffed or truded. therewith shall let them to farm at the most improved yearly value, without fine. And the justices in their open sessions shall esquire, by such ways and means as they shall think fitting; into the value of fu'ch lands; and order the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof, according to the direction of the donor, if they find that the persons so intruded have been negligent or faulty in the performance of their trust:. Except such lands as have been given for the uses aforesaid to any college ot hall in either of the Universities of this kingdom, which have visitors of their own;

Composition instead of labour.

ANY person liable to perform the duty by fending a team, draught, or plough, with men, horses, or' oxen in manner aforesaid, may compound for the same, if he thinks fit, by paying to the surveyor such Aim as the justices at their Michaelmas special sessions in every year shall adjudge to be reasonable, not exceeding 6s. nor less than 3s, for each team, draught, or plough, for each day; and in default of their

adjudging the same, then the sums of 4s. 6d--- for every

cart and one horse or bead of draught zs. ----- --for every

cart with two horses or beasts of draught 3s.-for arid in

lieu of each day's duty. And every inhabitant liable to perform such duty or labour, and not chargeable in any other respect, may compound for 4d. each day.-Provided, that if it shall appear to the justices at their special sessions to be held in the week next after the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, that in any place there will be a difficulty in procuring the necessary carriage, or a suficient number of labourers, without paying high and extravagant prices for the same; the said justices may order the team duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind, es-cept in respect of such teams as belong to persons who do act occupy 30I. a year: and also may order the labourers, or such part of them as they shall think fit, to perform the labour in kind, on being paid for such labour the usual wages given to labourers in such paridi, township, or place, deducing thereout the sum of 4d. for each day, being the composition hereby allowed for labourers.

Provided, that if part of such teams or labourers only ate required, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices in some given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth part thereof; and the surveyor shall in that case, at a public vellt; put the names of all the persons liable to fend such teams into one, hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform

Highways in general.

form such labour into another hat or box; and ibme inhabitant then present shall draw out such number from each, as -shall be equal to the proportion so ordered by the justices; and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year. Which order of the said justices,' so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual to all intents and purposes.

And if any person shall keep a team, draught, or plough, i- a. and shall not occupy 30I. a year in the parish, township, or place where he shall reside, but shall in part maintain his horses and beasts of draught used in such team, upon or from lands which he shall occupy in one or more adjacent parish or parishes; it shall be lawful for the justices, at some special sessions, to mitigate and reduce the duty or compoli-tion in such manner as they shall think reasonable.

Working.

THE justices at a special sessions may, by writing under jj, their hands and seals, order those highways (not being turnpike) which in their opinion do moll want repair, to be Sril amended, and at what time, and in what manner; according to which order (if such there be) the surveyors shall proceed

within their respective limits_if the justices make no such

order, then the surveyors shall have the like power of di-reflion.

Materials how to be procured.

IT shall be lawful for such surveyor, for the use aforesaid, in ut, any walle land, or common ground, river, or brook, within his distrifl, or within any other parish, township, or place, wherein gravel, sand, chalk, Hone, or other materials are likely to he found (in case sufficient cannot be conveniently had within the parish, township, or place where they are to be employed, and in case sufficient shall be left for the life of the roads in such other parish, township, or place) to search for, Jig, get, and carry away the same ; so as he do not thereby divert or interrupt the course of such river or brook, or prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford, nor dig or get the same out of any river or brook within the dillance ol loo feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like dillance of any dam or wear: ----- ---- And likewise to gather Hone?

lying upon any lands or grounds within the parish, town-ftip, or place where such highway fluid be, for such service

and purpose: ----- ---- And to take and carry away so much of the said materials, as by him shall be thought neceslsry for

13b

13 G. 3. c.

a

Highways in general.

the amendment of the said highways, without making any satisfaction for the said materials. But no such Hones shall be gathered without the consent of the occupier of the lands, or a licence from a justice, after having summoned the occupier and heard his reasons (if he shall appear and give any) for refusing his consent. — The same on turnpike-roads.

And it shall be lawful for the surveyor, for the use aforesaid, to search for, dig, get, and carry away sand, gravel, chalk. Hone, or other materials, if suficient cannot conveniently be had within such waste lands, common grounds, rivers, or brooks, in and thro' any of the several or inclosed grounds of any person whomsoever, within the parish, town-ship, or place where the same shall be wanted, or by licence of two justices at a special sessions, within any other parish, township, or place, adjoining or lying near to the highway for which such materials shall be required, if it shall appear to such justices that suficient materials cannot be conveniently had in the parish, township, or place where such highways lie, or in the waste lands, or common grounds, rivers, or brooks of such adjacent parish, township, or place, and that a suficient quantity of materials will be left for the use of the parish, township, or place where the same shall be (such lands not being a garden, yard, avenue to a house, lawn, park, paddock, or inclosed plantation); the fnrveyor making such satisfaction for the damage to be done to such lands, by the getting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon between him and the owner, occupier, or other person inte-retted, in the presence and with the approbation of two or more substantial inhabitants; and if they cannot agree, then to be settled by a justice of the limit where the lands lie.

And if any person shall dig or cause to be dug materials contrary to the directions of this act, whereby any bridge, mill, building, dam, highway, ford, mines, or tin works, may be damaged or endangered; he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor Iefs than aos. at the discretion of the court or justices before whom complaint shall be made.

Where a suficient quantity of Hone, gravel, chalk, or other materials, cannot be provided and carried by the labourers and teams within any parish, township, or place; the surveyor shall contract for the getting and carrying thercoi (in presence of the assistant, if any such be appointed) at a meeting to be held for that purpose; of which, ten days notice in writing shall be given, by fixing the same upon the door of the church or chapel, or if there be no church or chapel, at the most public place there; which notice shall specify the work to be done, and the time and place for letting thereof. And if the surveyor shall have any share or interel! in such contract, or in any other contract for work or materials, or shall upon his own account let to hire any team, or fell 0; dispose of any timber. Hone, or other materials (linlefs a

licence

Highways in general. 3131

licence in, writing for the sale of such materials, or for letting to hire such team, be first obtained from a justice); he shall forfeit tol, and be for ever after incapable to be employed as a.surveyor with a salary.

If any surveyor or person employed by him shall, by reason 13 C. 3. c. ;8, of the searching for, digging, or getting any gravel, sand;

Hones, chalk, clay, or other materials, make any pit or hole in such lands, rivers, or brooks as aforesaid, wherein such materials shall be found ; he shall forthwith cause the same to he fulHciently fenced off, and such fence supported and repaired, during such time as the said pit or hole shall continue open; and after having dug up sufficient materials in such pit or hole, lie shall within 14 days cause the same to be Jilled up. Hoped down, or fenced off, and so, continued.

And where no materials shall be found, he shall within three days cause such hole or pit to be filled up, levelled, and covered with the turf or clod which was dug out of the same.

And if such surveyor or other person shall neglefi to fill jd. up, Hope down, or fence off such pit or hole, in manner and within the time aforesaid; he shall forfeit 10s. And if he shall neglect to fence off such pit or hole, or to Hope down the same, as herein before directed, for six days after he shall have received notice for either of those purposes from a justice, or from the owner or occupier of such several ground, river, or brook, or any person having right of common within such common or waste lands; he shall, on con-viflion before one justice, forfeit not exceeding 10I, nor less than 40s; the same to be applied in the fencing off,'filling up, or Hoping down such pit or hole, and towards repair of the roads in the parish or place where the offence was committed, as such justice shall dircfl.

Removing Obfuuflions and Annoyances.

NO tree, buflt, or Ihrub shall be permitted to Hand or jj, grow in any highway, within the dillance of 15 feet from the centre thereof, except for ornament or shelter to the house, building, or court yard of the owner thereof.

And if the possessors of the land next adjoining shall Id. not, within ten days after notice given by the surveyor, cut, prune, and plalh.such hedges, and cut down or prune and lop such trees; the surveyor may complain to a justice, who shall summon the posselfor of the said lands to appear before the justices at some special sessions to answer to the said complaint ; and if it shall appear to the justices at such special sessions, that such pollessor hath not complied with the requi-fttions of this act, the said justices, upon hearing the surveyor and the possessor of such land or his agent (or, in default of S 2 appearance.

132 Highways in general.

appearance, on having due proof of the service of such sum-rnons) may order such hedges to be cut, plalhed, and pruned, and such trees to be cut down or pruned, in such manner as may bell answer the purposes aforesaid. And -if the poflciTor of such land shall not within ten days obey such order on no. tice thereof; he shall forfeit zs. for every 24. feet in length of such hedge which shall be neglected to be cut and plalhed, and 2s. for every tree which shall be neglected to be cut down, or pruned, and lopped; and the surveyor shall cause the same to be done, and the polTeffor shall pay,' over and above the penalties, the charges and expences of doing the same; to be levied by distress by warrant of one justice.

>3 G. 3. c. 7S. And where the ditches shall not be sufficient to carry off the water which shall lie upon and annoy the highways; in such case, it shall be lawful for the surveyor, by order of one justice to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands adjoining or lying near to such highways, for the more cafy and effectual carrying off such water from the said highways.

W. And if any (lone or timber, or any hay, draw; Hubble,

or other matter, for the making of manure, shall be laid in any highway within 15 feet from the centre thereof; and shall not, within live days after notice given by the surveyor or fomo person aggrieved thereby, be removed;-the owner or posselTor of the lands adjacent, or any other person.by order of a justice, may clear the said highway, by removing the (lone, timber, hay, draw, dung, or other matter, and have the same to his own life.

If any person dull encroach by making or causing to be made any hedge, ditch, or other fence on any highway no; being turnpike road, within the didance of 15 feet from the middle or centre thereof; or shall plow, harrow, or break up the foil of any land or ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands diall turn his plough in or upon any land or ground, within the didance of 15 feet from the middle or centre of any highway, where the breadth of such highway is formed and marked or described with certainly, and doth not exceed in breadth 30 feet; he diall forfeit 40s. to him who shall make information thereof: and the surveyor may cause such hedge, ditch, or fence to-be taken down, or filled up, at the expence of the person to whom the (amt shall belong: and one justice, on proof to him made upon oath, may levy as well the expellees of taking down such hedges, as the said penalty, by distress.

U. The surveyor shall, at all such times as he shall judge

proper, view all the common highways, trunks, tunnels, plats, hedges, ditches, banks, bridges, causeways, and pavements ; and if he shall observe any mifances, encroachments, obstructions, or' annoyances, he diall give to any person doing or permitting the fartic personal notice, or notice

in

Highways in generaL ' 133

in writing to be left at his usual place of abode, specifying . the particulars: and if such nufances, obstructions, or annoy-ances shall not be removed; and the ditches, drains, gutters, and watercourses aforesaid effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened; and such trunks, tunnels, plats, and bridges made and laid ; and such hedges properly cut and pruned, within zo days after such notice, then the surveyor shall do the same, and the person neglecting shall forfeit for every foot in length one penny, and over and above the said forfeiture the surveyor shall by such person be reimbursed his charges and expences in doing the same; and if not paid on demand, the surveyor shall apply to a justice, and on making oath before him of the notice being given as aforesaid, and of the work being done, and of the expences attending the same, the surveyor shall be repaid by such person all such charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said justice; and if not paid on demand, the same shall be levied as other penalties and forfeitures by this act.

If the driver of any cart, car, dray, or waggon, shall 13C. 3. <. 7S-ride upon any such carriage in any llrcet or highway, not having some other person on foot or on horseback to guide the same (such carriages as are conduced by some person holding the reins of the horse or horses drawing the same excepted);

— or if the driver of any carriage whatsoever, on any part of any llreet or highway, shall by negligence or wilful milbeha-viour cause any hurt or damage to any person or carriage-pairing or being upon such llreet or highway ; — or shall quit the highway and go on the other side of the hedge or fence inclosing the fameor wilfully be at such distance from such carriage, whilffc it shall be passing upon the highway, that he cannot have the direction and government of the horses or cattle drawing the same; — or shall, by negligence or wilful misbehvaiour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free pall'age of any other carriage, or of his majesty's subjects,.on the said highways; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make way for any coach, chaifc, loaded waggon or cart, or other loaded carriage; — or if any person shall drive, or aft as the driver, of any such coach, poll cliaife, or other carriage, let for hire, or waggon, wain, or cart, not having the owner's name (as by this act is di-rested) painted thereon, or shall refuse to discover the true chrillian and surname of the owner of such respective carriage: he shall, on conviction by confession, view of the justice, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit any sum not exceeding 10s. in case such driver be not the owner of such carriage, and if he be the owner, then any .sum not exceeding 20s. and in default of payment be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, unless the same be sooner paid, And every inch driver offending in

either

134 Highways in general.

either of the said cases, .may by authority of this act, with or. without any warrant, be apprehended by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer, to be cpnveyed before a justice, to be dealt with according to .law. And if any driver, in any the cases aforesaid, shall refuse to discover his name; the justice may commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or may proceed.against him for the penalty by a description of his person and the offence, and .expressing in the proceedings that he refused to discover his name.

13 C. 3. t. 7S. And for the better discovering of..offenders, the owner of every waggon, wain, or cart, and also of every coach, poll, chaise, or other carriage, let to hire, shall cau fe to be painted, upon some conspicuous part of his waggon, wain, or cart, and upon the pannels of the doors of all such coaches, poll, chaifcs, or other carriages, before the same shall be used in any public highway, his christian and surname and place of abode, in large legible letters; and continue the same there, upon so long as such carriage shall be used upon any highway: and the owner of every common stage waggon or cart shall, over and above his christian and surname, cause to be paintei on the part and in the manner aforesaid, the following words, common stage waggon or cart, as the case may be. And every person uiing any such carriage as aforesaid upon any highway, without the said names and descriptions respectively, 01 causing to be painted thereon any fictitious name or place of abode, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than zos.

ti. And for preventing obstructions near public bridges; if any person, collecting any tolls payable for passing over any public bridge with carriages or cattle of any kind, shall keep any victualling house, alehouse, or other place of public entertainment ; or shall fell, or permit to be sold therein, any wine, beer, ale, cyder, spirituous liquors, or other llrong liquors, by retail, — he shall, on conviction before one justice, by confession, or oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

DireElion Polls, Blocks, Mile Stones, Water Marts, and Battlements of Bridges.

THE justices at a special sessions, shall issue their precept to the surveyor, where several highways meet, and there is no proper or suficient direction-post or (tone already fixed 0: creeled, requiring him forthwith to canfe to be erected or fixed, in the most convenient place where such ways meet, > Hone or poll, with inscriptions thereon, in large legible letters, painted on each side thereof, containing the name ot names of the next market town or towns, or other confide-ruble place or places to which the said highways lead; and

Highways in general. 135

also at the several approaches or entrances to such parts of any highways, as are subject to deep, or dangerous floods; graduated stones or posts, denoting the depth of water in the ueepelt part of the same, and likewise such direction polls oh Hones as the said j ustices shall judge to be necessary for the guiding of travellers in the best and safest trail through the said floods or waters: and if he shall refuse or neglect, for the space of three months, to cause such Hones or polls to be fixed; he shall forfeit 20s.

If any person shall pull down, dellroy, obliterate, or deface 13C. 3.C. 78. any mile Hone or poll, graduated or direction poll or Hone, crested upon any highway, such person shall upon conviction before one justice, by the oath of one witness,- or upon view of the justice, forfeit not exceeding jl. nor less than iosj and in default of payment, shall be committed to the house of correilion, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor left than feveu days.

Breadth of wheels, and number of horses.

NO waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels W-of nine inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than eight horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of nine inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than live horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, and rolling on each side a surface of nine inches, shall be drawn with more than seven horses. And no waggon, rolling a surface of fix inches , only, shall be drawn with more than fix horses; and no cart, having the' bottom of the fellies of the wheels of fix inches breadth, shall be drawn with more than four horses. And no waggon, having the bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than four horses; and no cart, having the bottom of the fellies of less breadth than fix inches, shall be drawn with more than three horses: on pain that the owner shall forfeit 5I. and the driver (not being the owner) 10s. for every horse or bealt above the number respectively, to the sole use of the informer. — But carriages moving upon wheels or rollers of the breadth of 16 inches on each side thereof, with fiat surfaces, shall be allowed to be drawn with any number of horses or other cattle.

No prosecution shall be commenced before a justice, unless Id. the information be laid within three days; and if it shall appear to the justice before whom the complaint shall be made, that the offender lives so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him to appear before such justice, the said justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave' the informer to his remedy by action at law.

The

i§6 Highways in . general.

c . The justices, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions, may >3 3- c< 7 Hcenfe in such manner and for such time as they shall think fit, an increase of the number of horses to be drawn in carriages up any deep hill, or any road not turnpike, over and above the number herein before Emitted; if it shall appear upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to the satisfaction of any justice of the peace, or of any court of justice authorized to enforce the execution of this act, that any waggon, cart, or carriage, could not, by reason of deep snow or ice, be drawn by the number of horses or bealis of draught hereby allowed; they may Hop the proceedings before them for reco-very of the forfeiture.- — -For all the purposes of this act, two oxen of horned cattle shall be considered as one horse.

iS g. c, 33. The wheels of every cart, car, or dray, within the bills of mortality, shall be fix inches broad in the felly, and not wrought about with iron, nor be drawn with above the num. ber of three horses, after they are up the hills from the water side; on pain of 40s. by warrant of one justice, by distress; and for want of distress, or non-payment in six days after 2 W. 6? M. c. demand, to be committed till paid: — But this not to extend S, to any country cart or waggon, that shall bring any goods,

or shall carry any goods half a mile beyond the paved streets of the cities of London and Westminster.

Breadth, widening, changing, and diverting of Highways.

13C. 3. l. ;S. WHERE any highway shall be inclosed after a write!

ad quod damnum blued, and inquisition thereupon taken; any person that shall think himself injured by such inclosure, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions, if there be time for that purpose; if not, to the nextfeflions after; And the determination of such sessions shall be final.

In aid of the common law, and to render the changing of highways less troublesome and expensive, power is given by this act, to the justices of the peace, to widen,divert, and change highways, as they shall judge most convenient.

Where it shall appear, upon the view of two justices, that 11, any highway between the fences thereof is not of fufEcieni

breadth, and may be conveniently widened and enlarged; or that the same cannot be conveniently enlarged and raadr commodious for travellers, without diverting and turning the same; the said justices shall order such highway respectively to be widened and enlarged, or diverted and turned, in such manner as they shall think fit; so that the said highway when enlarged and diverted shall not exceed 30 feet ii

breadthi

Highways in general. J.37

breadth; - and that neither of the said powers do extend to pujl down any house or building, or to take away the ground -of any garden, park, paddock, court, or yard.

And if the said. surveyor cannot agree with the owners, or, i j G. j. t. 78, if they shall refuse to treat or to take such recompence as shall be offered by the .surveyor; then the justices, at any general quarter-felBons, upon certificate in writing, signed by the i justices who made such view, of their proceedings in the ' premises, and on proof of 14 days notice in writing having : been given by the surveyor to the owner, occupier, or other j person or bocly. corporate interested in such ground, or to his ; or their guardian, trustee, clerk, or agent, fighifying an I intention to apply to such quarter-sessions for the purposes of taking such ground, — shall impanel a jury out of the persons returned to serve at such sessions: And the said jury shall, upon their oaths, act'efs the damages to be given and recom-pence to be made to the owners and' others interested in the said grounds, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding 40 years purchase for the clear yearly value of the ground; and likewise such recompence as they shall think reasonable, for making new ditches and fences on the side or ftdes of the said highways that shall be so. enlarged or diverted; and also satisfaction to any person or body corporate that may be other-j wife injured by the enlarging or diverting the said highways

respectively. '

. And where there is not sufficient money in the hands of the Id, surveyor, the said two justices in case of agreement, or the said quarter-sessions after such verdict as aforesaid, shall order an equal assessment to be made and levied upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, in the parish, township, or place where such highway lies; and if not paid in ten days after demand, the same shall by order of the said two justices or court of quarter-fef-I lions respectively, be levied by the surveyor in the manner i hereinafter mentioned. Provided, that no such assessment to I be made in any one year shall exceed 6d. in the pound of the : yearly value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and ! hereditaments so assessed.

i And when any such new highway shall be made as aforesaid. Id,

' the old way shall be flopped up, and the land and foil thereof shall be sold by the surveyor, with the approbation of the said justices, to some. person whose lands adjoin thereto, if he shall be willing to purchase the same; if not, to some other person, for the full value thereof. But if such old road shall lead to any lands, house, or place, which cannot in the opinion of such justices respectively be accommodated with a convenient way and passage from such new highway; in such case, the old highway shall only be fold, subject to the right of way and passage to such lands, house or place respectively;

And the money arising by the sale shall be applied towards T the

highway S in -generate

the purchase of the land where.' such'-new 'highway shall he ffiade'i.'i -And'oripayment'drten'der of the money,1' find oh a certificate signedbythe'said' two justices,' or,byfthe chairman of the said court 'or quarte'rtfeflions respectively,' deferring the'larids'fd fold, and expressirig the fuirifoagree'd'yfor,- and directingto' \yhoiri thefamelhair be.paid'; arid'.on'ithe-pur-Chafer's taking a receipt for' fitch' purch'afeimoney; from the person entitled to receive' the same, by an indorsemen't on the back of fticK. certificate, th'e.foil.of such old highway shall become' yelled'dri such purchaser and his-heirs.

And. moreover, when it ;fitalh appear, upon-the view of two ju dices, that any 'publishighway,- not in the.situation- herein before ddfcribdd, or public bridleway, or. footway,1 may he diverted, - so'a's-to ntake the same nearer or more commodious to the'public,- and the'ownbr'of the lands through which'fitch ne'w'-High'way,'bridleway, or footway, is proposed to be'made, fliairc.onfe'nt'thereto, by writing under his hand and-seal; it it'fii'alli'be-'la<vful, by order of the justices at some special Icf-lions,< ,'td divert and turn and to Hop up such- footway, and to'1-divert',''turn, Hop up', and ihclofe, fell and ' dispose of such bid'highway or bridleway,' and'to p.ufch.afc'-'the ground and:.foil' for such newliighway,'bridleway,"‘rir'footway, bV such-\yiiys'arid means,-, and", fii'bjeft to 'fudhhbxqep'tions and conditions in'all'respects,'as herein .before "mentioned -with regard tp highways to be widened or diverted.. And it shall be lawful-for any person"'injured"or '.aggrieved by'tiny fudi order or proceeding; or by the iiiclosure of any Kighivay by yirtufc 'of"an inquisition ;takcri‘" upon a'writ'bf'ad "quod 'in-»«m, .'to appeal to the next general quarter felKonsjon giving ten days notice in writing to the- surveyor and party interestel in such .iiiclosure;, if there' b'c' time'.for that prirpose;1 if; not, then to the'next sessions' after. " .'But iio inclosuroor iioppagt of such old'way shall Be made;' until the new 'wajPi shall b: compleated, a;nd so-certified .by two justices dp'on view; which'ijhftilici'te shall be,returned'to the clerk of the peace, and by ‘him inrolled among!! the'rccdrds. ';

- Provided; that no common land,'lying between the fence; of any qM highway to, be,(topped .up or inclbfed by-virtue ol ' this act; shall-be inclosecl;, And where the;same,: not Icing common' land,'thall upon a' medinm exceed 30 feet in breadth," and1 n'o't'extend'to ;;o feet, the same shall riot he (topped up or inclrifcci;' until satisfaction be made to th'c owner for so much as'shall exceed the breadth'of-36' feet; arid if the parties cannot .agree; the same shall be adjulled by the said justices, or the jury, if a jury be impanelled : and if it shall exceel .50 feet in breadth, or if the old-road be through the open field or ground belonging to any particular person '; such person.-'and also the person or persons entitled to the'land be-. iwi-eri the Fences on the side of such highway, shall respectively aola and enjoy the land and foil of such old highway, an.l

pay

Highways: liiv .general;

pay to the.surveyor so much as,shall be agreed on; .or if they cannot agree, .then So much as;shall.b,e_adjudged by the said . justices or jury, if a jury he impanelled, to be adequate to the purchase,..c(timaiing such highway at 30 feet in breadth upon an average.

. And the damage, if the parties interested shall not agree in 13 < adjuiting the same,. shall be adjudged. by two indifferent ,.persons, one to be named by the owner of the land, and the other by the, said two juiliccs j and if the persons fq.to be nominated cannot agree therein,; they, shall chuse so'me.third person to adjudge the same, whose. determination shall be final.

And the money at which such .damages shall be assessed, flitill he applied in making satisfaction to the owner of the land, through which such new footway shall be made.-

And if in any pariflt or place,.where a highway shall be di-verted and turned, it shall appear to the juiliccs, that there are other highway's within such parish or place, besides that lo to be diverted and turned, which may without inconvenience to the public be diverted into such new highway, or into any other within the same parish or place, and the charge of repairing the same may be thereby saved; the said justices may order such highway, which shall appear to them unne-celfary, to be.Hopped up, and the foil thereof fold,' in such manner, and subject to such rellriftions, and such right of appeal, as herein before directed concerning highways to be topped up or inclosed.

Assessments how to be made.

FOR reimbuiding'expences, upon application by the fur- H. veyor to the justices at a special sessions, and oath made of the.

1 sums he hath bona fuk laid out, or which will be required for the purposes aforesaid; the said justices, or two of them, shall by their warrant cause an equal assessment to be made; upon all occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments; to'be'made and collected by such person or per-ftms, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices by their prder at such sessions. shall appoint; and to be levied as is herein after directed; — Provided, that no such assessment for those or any of those purposes, in any one year, shall exceed the rate of 6d. in the pound.

if upon application of the surveyor to the justices at their u. general or quarter-sessions, or at a special sessions for the highways, the said justices shall be fully satisfied by proof upon oath, that the duty hath been performed, and the money applied according to the directions of this act; or shall be fully satisfied, that the common highway's, bridges, causeways, streets, or pavements, belonging to any pariflt, township, or place, are so far out of order, that they cannot be Sufficiently amended and supported by the means herein before prescribed T 2 (notice

140 Highways in general;

(notice being first given of such intended application at the church or chapel on some Sunday preceding such quarter or special' sessions 3 or, if the place be extraparochial, notice in writing being first given of such intended application,1 to feme of the principal inhabitants residing in such extraparochia! place, a week at least before such general or special sessions); : — in such case, an equal assessment upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and heredita. ments, within any such parish, township, or place, for the said purposes, may be made and collected by such person, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices by their order

at such general or special sessions shall direct_Provided, that the said assessment, and the assessment herein before authorized for buying materials, making satisfaction for damages, erecting guide polls, and paying the surveyor's salary, shall not together in any one year exceed the rate of gd. in the pound.

Penalty of hindering the Execution,

13 G\ 3. c. 78, IF any person shall refill or make forcible opposition against any person employed in the execution of this act; or make any refeue of the goods distrained; or if any constable shall refnfe or neglect to execute or obey any warrant of a justice, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit not exceeding iol. nor less than 40s. to be paid to the surveyor for the repair of the highways: if not forthwith paid, orfecuredto be paid upon conviction, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture be iooner paid.

Penalty of the Surveyor for Neglect of Duty.

fa IF any surveyor, after his acceptance of the office, shall neglect his duty in any thing required of him, for which no particular penalty is imposed, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than 10s. at the discretion of the justice or juilicei having jurisdiction therein.

Surveyor's Account.

U. THE surveyor shall produce the book and the assessments

made in that year, to the inhabitants at a vestry or other public meeting to be held for that purpose, within 15 days before the special sessions to be holden in the week next after Michaelmas quarter-sessions; to the intent that the said accounts, assessments, and lifts may be inspected by the said inhabitants. And after the said book and assessments shall

hart

Highways in general. 141

have been produced at such meeting, he shall take the same to a justice on such day and at such hour as shall be agreed upon at such meeting before such last mentioned special sessions; and then and there verify fuchaccount, or any part thereof, upon oath, if required. And such justice may allow such account, if he finds it just, or postpone it until such special feihons, if he finds cause for so doing; and in case any articles contained in such accounts shall not be explained and proved to the satisfaction of such justices, they may disallow me same.

And for the account examined and taken, and oath admi- i3c. 3. 7S. mitered, the justices' clerks shall have the sum of is. and no more. — And when the said accounts shall have been so settled and allowed; or disallowed as aforesaid, the said book and assessments shall be transmitted to a churchwarden or overseer of the poor of such parish, township, or place, or if the place he extraparochial, then to some principal inhabitant thereof, to be kept for the use of such parish, township, or place:

And the said surveyor shall also forthwith deliver a duplicate of such book-and account, together with all sums of money that shall remain in his hands, and likewise all tools, materials, implements, and- other things as aforesaid to the succeeding surveyor, if any shall be appointed; or retain the same in his hands, and account for them in his next account, if he shall be continued surveyor in the succeeding year.

And if such surveyor shall neglect to provide such book, or y. lo enter such accounts and lifts therein, or to deliver the said book and such duplicate thereof, and such aftelfments, tools, materials, implements, and other things, in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor left than 40s.

And if he shall make default in payment or accounting for the money remaining in his hands, within the time, ana according to the directions aforesaid, he shall forfeit double the money which shall be adjudged by the said justices to be in his hands.-r-If the surveyor shall die, before such accounts or lifts be made out, or such money, book, alTelfinents, tools, materials, and implements shall be so delivered and paid, his executors or administrators shall make out, pay, and deliver the same, in like manner, and under the like penalty, as the surveyor was liable and subject to.

Presentment or Indictment of Highways in general.

IF the inhabitants of any parish, township, or place, shall .W. agree at a vestry or other public meeting, to prosecute any person by indictment for not repairing any highway within such parish, township, or place, which they apprehend such person was obliged to by law, or for committing any nusance upon any highway, or shall agree at such vestry-meeting to

defend

,*42

defend, any indictment or presentment against them, the fur-lyeyor may charge in his account' the reasonable.expeiicei th.ereof, after the same shall have been agreed to by such inhabitants at a veliry'or public meeting^ or allowed by, a juf-- tice within the limit where such highway shall be.

Presentment by a Justice.

13 G. 3. c. 7S. EVERY justice of the peace, either upon his own view or upon information on oath given to him, by the surveyor, to make presentment at their respective affixes' or great sessions, or in 'the open general quarter-sessions.of the peace, of any highway, causeway, or bridge, not.wc.ll and sufficiently re-,paired and amended, or of any other default or offence committed' and done contrary to the provision and intent of this statute : and every such presentment shall be as effectual as if found by tlte oaths of 12 men : and the, justices at their general quarter-sessions, or the major part of them, may, if they fee just cause, direst the prosecution on such.presentments lltall be made at the quarter-sessions, to be carried on at the general e.vpence of such limit, and to, be paid out of the general rates within the same: and for every such default la prclented, the justices of assize, counties palatine, and great sessions, and justices of the peace, at their respective coure, may assess such lines as they shall think meet.

Levying of Assessments. Fines, and Forfeitures.

Id. IF any person shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum afltfl'ed

upon him by any assessment in pursuance of this act, within ten days after demand thereof made, the same shall be levied by the surveyor of any other person, by warrant of one jul'uce by distress; and in default of distress, the justi.ee may commit him to the common gaol, there to remain until he shall have paid the sum so assess'ed, and the costs and charges occasioned -by such neglect or refusal. — And if any line, issue, penalty, or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not appearing as aforesaid, shall be levied on one or mote of the inhabitants, such inhabitant may make his complaint to the special sessions ;'aml the justices there shall by their warrant cause! rate to be made, according to the foi;m and manner herein before prescribed for reimbursing such inhabitant. Which rate so made, and confirmed by two justices, shall be collected and levied by the surveyor; who shall, within one month after making and confirming the rate, coiled!, levy, and pay such inhabitant the money so levied as aforesaid.

Sec Anpcndix, No. 3s, 36, and 17.

' ' ' All

HigHways in general. i 43

All penalties and forfeitures by this act im'posed for any of- 13 G. 3. c. 7S. fence against the same, and all colts and charges to be allowed ami ordered by the authority of this act (the, manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) lha'11 be levied by diltrcfs, by warrant of one justice, where the offence, neglect, or default shall happen; which warrant such justice shall grant, on conviction of the offender by confession, or the oath of one witness, or upon order made as aforesaid. And the penalty, when levied, shall be paid half to the informer, and half, to the surveyor, for the repair of the highways, unless otherwise directed by this act. But if the surveyor shall be the informer, then the whole shall be em'ployetlrtowards the repair of the highway.

And if such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or-the said costs and charges shall not be forthwith paid, the justice may commit him to the common-gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the penalty, forfeiture, costs, and charges be sooner paid. - c , -

And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the said fj. jnllice, any justice of the limit where such- person shall inhabit, on request to him made, and on- a true copy of the, con-' viflion and of the order for payment of, such costs and charges being produced and proved before him by one witness upon oath, shall by his warrant cause the-.penalty or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, and the- colls and charges mentioned in such order, or- so much thereof as shall not have been paid, to bedevied by distress; and if no suficient dif-trcfscan be had, shall commit him to the common gaol or. house ;of correction of such limit,-for the time, and in the manner aforesaid.- — No'conviction shall be had, unless upon confession or oath of one witness, or view of the justice. —

Any 'justice may administer an oatly'to any witness or other person, for the batter discovery and execution of the several matters or things herein directed to be enquired into and performed,

Appeal.

IF any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done by any justice or other person in the execution of this act, and for which no particular method of relief is herein' otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions, giving notice in writing of his intention 10 bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or other person against whom the complaint shall be made, within six days after the cause of such complaint shall arise; ar.d within four days after such notice, entering into recog-nirance before a justice. with one sufficient furcty, conditioned

144

13 G. 3. c

U.

Id.

Id.

tioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices' at such quarter-sessions — And the justices at such sessions, on proof of such notice given, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall determine the appeal in a summary way, and award costs to either party, to be levied and recovered as herein before, directed.

Highways. (Turnpike.)

NO gatekeeper, or other person renting the.tolls, and residing in the toll-house, shall- be removable by ant-order of two justices as-.to his settlement, unless he shall be actually chargeable; nor shall he gain- a settlement by such renting and residence in the parish or-place where the toll-ho'use is situate: and no tolls or toll-house shall be assessed towards the poor-rate, or any other public or parochial levy, u — And the gate-keeper, and also the survey.or, shall, when required by notice in writing from the trustees or any five of them/ fender upon oath, to be administered by a trustee, at acount in writing of all money received by them on account of the road, and not before'accounted for; on pain of jl, to be recovered in a summary way before one justice, and applied to the nfe of the road.

And if the wife or family of a gate-keeper who shall die, shall refuse to deliver up possession within four days after another shall be appointed, or if a gate-keeper shall be discharged from his office, and shall refuse to deliver up possession, within two days after notice given to him of his discharge, one justice may by his warrant order the constable, with such assistance as shall be necessai-y, to enter thehouse and premises in the day time, and remove the persons who shall be found therein, together with their goods, out of such house, and put the new appointed officer in possession. — Every constable refusing or neglecting to put this act in execution, and every surveyor, toll-taker, &c. that shall neg-Icft, for the space of one week after an offence committed, to lay such information on oath before a justice as by this act is directed, shall forfeit iol.

And the justices in sessions, on complaint to them made, by any justice or two creditors or trustees, may cause weighing-engines to be erected, and the expences thereof to be paid out of the tolls.

No prosecution shall be commenced before a justice by way of information, for any forfeiture incurred by the owner or driver of any carriage having a greater number of horses therein than are allowed by this act, unless such information be laid within three days after the offence committed ; and

no

Highways. {Turnpike.) 145

no nftion shall be commenced, unless within one calendar J3 c. 3. c. S4.

month after the offence committed; and neither such in-

formation nor. action shall be brought, unless notice be given

by the informer to the driver on the day on which the

offence shall be committed, of an intention to complain of such offence. And if it shall appear to the justice before

whom such complaint shall be made, that the offender lives

so remote as to make it inconvenient to summon him, the

justice may dismiss the complaint, and leave the informer to

his remedy by action at law.

Penalty of evading the Tolls.

IF any person shall unload any goods before they come to the turnpike-gate or engine, and thereby pay less toll at such gate, than would have been paid if such goods had not been so unloaden, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit jl. to be levied upon the j<f, goods of the owner; and the driver, not being the owner, so offending, and being convicted thereof as aforesaid, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month — If the owner or driver shall turn out of the road, in order to avoid weighing or paying the toll, and shall afterwards return and proceed upon the road, he shall, on conviction before one justice, by the oath of one witness, forfeit, if he be the owner, not exceeding 5I. nor less than 20s.; if he be the driver, and not the owner, any sum not exceeding 50s. nor less than 10s.

If any person shall take off any horse or other beast of Id. draught from any waggon or other carriage, or cause the distance of the wheels to be altered before kite same shall come to the gate, with intention to avoid the toll or any forfeiture or penalty, he shall,- on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 5I.

Carriages to be marked. See p. 134.

IF any person shall, upon any turnpike-road, drive any id waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, not being marked as aforesaid, the constable, surveyor, or any other person, may apprehend and carry him before a justice, and on conviction by confefHon or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. nor less than ros.

Driver misbehaving. See Highways in general,

P- »33-

U

Statute-

Highways. {Turnpike.)

.1:46

Statute-Duty and other Labour on Turnpike-Roads, p. 129.

13C. 3.c4. WHERE there arc two or more turnpike-roads under fe-vcrul 'nils of parliament, within the same parish, township, or place, and the ilatute-duty directed by all Rich acts for the repair of fuclt turnpike road shall exceed three days duty in the whole, two julVtccs in a special sessions may proportion the statute-duty betwixt fuclt turnpike roads and the other highways in such parish, township, or place, in such manner as they shall think fit, having first funtmoned the clerks ami ftirvcvors of the turnpike roads, and Likewise the surveyor of the highways for such parish, township, or place — Where parts of highways or turnpike roads are turned by legal authority, to make the same nearer or more commodious, the inhabitants or other persons, who were liable to the repair or the old highway, shall be liable to therepair of the new: and if the several parties interested cannot agree, the same shall be viewed by two justices and settled by them': and if it shall be found more convenient to fix a gross sum, or annual film, to be paid by the inhabitants or other such persons, towards the repair of the new highway, the justices may, with the con-lent of Such person or persons, and of the inhabitants obtained at a vellry meeting for that purpose, and also of the truilecs at a public meeting, if it be turnpike road, order and direct the same accordingly.

hi. Where any turnpike road is in such a Hate and condition,

that the Statute duty required to be performed upon the same, or foinc part thereof, may be dispensed with, the justices, at a special sessions, upon application to them made by the surveyor of such parish, township, or place, may summon the clerk or surveyor of the turnpike road to appear before then at some other special sessions, and produce before them a flare of the revenues and debts belonging to such tunipike road: and if it shall appear to them, that the whole or any part of the statute duty may conveniently be difpcnl'cd with from such nirnpike road, without endangering the feettrities for the money advanced on the credit of the tolls, they may order the whole or part of such statute duty to be performed upon the highways not being turnpike within such district, during such time a> to them shall seem just and reasonable.

}.l. If the surveyor of any turnpike road shall fuft'er to remain

for '.he Ipat e of lour days, in any part thereof, within to fee: on either lido of the middle of the road, any poll, heap of Hones, rubbish, or earth, by which the passage thereof niav be obflrttfted or llraitencd, he shall forfeit 4.0s. — If any person shall encroach by causing to be made any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on any turnpike road, within 50 feet from the

middle

Highways. [Turnpike.)

middle thereof, or shall plough, harrow, or break up the foil . of any ground, or in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent lands shall turn his' plough or harrow on any ground within the distnnee of 15 feet from the middle thereof as aforesaid,

: he shall forfeit 40s. to him who shall make information thereof: and 011c juliice, on proof thereof upon oath, may levy as

; well the expences of taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as i the several penalties hereby imposed, by distress. — If the i trustees shall erect a gate where they have no power, the juf-: tices in sessions, upon complaint, may hear and determine the ; same in a summary way, and order the flicriff to remove it.

If any person shall wilfully or wantonly pulldown, obli- 13 G. i ternte, or deface any mile done or pod, he shall, on convic-i tion before one judice, upon view, or by the oath of one wit-i ness, forfeit not exceeding ;1. nor less than 10s. and in de-| fault of payment, dull be committed to the house of corrcc-( tion, to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding j one calendar month, nor less than seven days, unless the same be sooner paid.

i Every mortgagee, that shall have taken podedion of the toll gate or bar, shall within 14 days after notice given to him 1 in writing from the trustees or any live of them, render upon I oath, to be administered by any trudee, an exact account in t writing of all money received by him or by any other to his ! life, at such toll gate or otherwise, and what he hath ex-I pended in keeping or repairing the same : and if he shall neg- left to render such account, he shall, on conviction in a sum-! mary manner before one justice, forfeit for every omillion the : fun of iol. to the use of the road.

! Jf any person dtall redd or make forcible oppofuion hi. iitgaind any person employed in the due execution of this act,

: or of any particular turnpike aft ; or if the condable shall re-;die or neglect to execute any judice's warrant; he shall forfeit not exceeding iol. nor less than 40s, to be paid to the fnrvevor for the, use of the turnpike road ; and if not forthwith paid or secured, he shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

All penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and all Id. cods and'charges to be allowed and ordered by authority of the same, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, dtall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, or of the person ordered to pay the said colts respectively, by warrant of one juliice, on conviction of the offender by confession or eath of one witness, or upon such order made as aforesaid : the same to be paid half to the informer, and half to the fur-iwor for the use of the turnpike road, unless otherwise par-itularly Jirested. And in case fitch distress cannot be found,

U 2 such

148 Highways. [Turnpike.)

fitch justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeiture, colls, or charges shall re. Ipeftively be sooner paid.

And any justice may act in the execution hereof, notwithstanding he may be a creditor or trullee.

And if the offender live out of the jurisdiction of the justice, any justice of the limit where the said person shall inhabit Ihull, on requell to him made, and a true copy of the conviction for the penalty or forfeiture, or of the order for the payment of colls or charges, being produced and proved before him upon oath, cause the said penalty or forfeiture, or the said colls or charges, to be levied by distress; and, if no sufficient distress can be had, shall commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction of such limit, for the time and in the manner aforesaid.

33 G. 3. c. 84. Every prosecutor or informer may, at his option, sue for and recover any forfeiture or penalty imposed by this or any other act for erecting turnpikes or repairing turnpike roads, in manner following, viz. if the same shall not amount to 40s. it shall be recoverable only by information before a juf. ; tice; and if it shall amount to 40s. or upwards, it may be re- , covered either before a justice as aforesaid, or by action of I debt in any of his majesty's courts. Provided, that ten days : notice in writing be given to the party offending, previous to : the commencement of the action; and that the same hi : brought within one calendar month after the offence committed.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done by any justice in pursuance of this act, except under the particular circumstances hereafter-mentioned, and for which no particular method of relief is herein otherwise appointed, he may appeal to the general quarter-sessions. And the justice, having received notice of such appeal, shall return all proceedings before him touching the matter of such appeal, to the said sessions. on pain of 5I. And the justices at such iefftons, on pi oof of the notice given, and of the entering into such m Mgnizance, shall hear and determine the appeal in a summary way, and award colls to either party as they shall see cause, to be levied and recovered as herein before directed.

Highwaymen. See Robbery.

Ifaiu. 66.

Homicide.

HOMICIDE ill law signiffes the killing of a man by s man.

Manilaughter.

Homicide.

i'49

Manslaughter.

BY manslaughter is to be understood such billing of a man i lUiv. 66. as happens either on a fuddeii quarrel, or in the commission of an unlawful aft, without any deliberate intention of doing any mischief at all.

There is no difference between murder and manslaughter, 31»J>. 55. but that murder is upon malice forethought, and manslaughter upon a sudden occasion.

This offence is not bailable by the justices of the peace. 3 fj, t. c. j 5. Murder is, when a man of found memory, and of the age of discretion, unlawfully killeth any person under the king's peace, with malice forethought, either expressed by the party, or implied by law; so as the party wounded or hurt, die of the wound or hurt, within a year and a day.

The law so far abhors all duelling in cold blood, that not 1 //«» only the principal who actually kills the other, but also his fcconds, are guilty of murder, whether they fought or not.

And it is holden, that the seconds of the party flain are like-wife guilty as accessaries.

They that are present when any man is flain, and do not 3 hjl. 53. their heft endeavour to apprehend the murderer or manflayer, shall be fined and imprisoned.

Where any person shall be feloniously flricken or poisoned ' & 1 ]uI-in one county, and die in another county, the offender may c' "4‘ be indicted in the county where the party dies, before the coroner, justices of the peace, or other justices.

By the rubrick in the book of common-prayer, before 13 & C. a.

the burial office, a person who hath laid violent hands upon 24-himself, shall not have that office used at his interment.

N. B. No distinction seems to be here made as to the Hate of mind in which the party put an end to his life; the prohibition in the rubrick, with respect to the burial service, is sbfolute.

Horses.

Buying of stolen Horses.

EVERY person offending against this statute, shall for- a fit 3 F.6SM.

feit 5I. half to the king, and half to him that shall fuc c 7-before the justices in sessions, or in any ordinary court of re- 31 'f'!2'

cord, and the falc shall be void.

If any horse shall be stolen, and afterwards shall be fold in open fair or market, if claim be made in six months, where the horse shall be found, before the mayor, if in a town corporate, or else before a justice near the place where found, and :o as proof be made before such magistrate in 40 days next ensuing

150 Horses.

ensuing by two witnesses, that the property of such horse was in the party claiming, - and was stolen from him within six months next before such claim, such sale shall not take away the owner's property; but the party from whom the fameWas ltolen may at all times after, notwithstanding such sale, take again the said horse, on payment, or readiness to offer to the party who hath possession, so much as he shall swear before such magistrate, that he paid for-the same.

Killing or maiming Horses in the Night.

s. WHERE any person Jliall in the night-time maliciously 7* kill or destroy any horses, he shall be guilty of felony, and

may be transported, by three justices in sessions, for seven years — If any person shall in the night-time maliciously wound or hurt any horses, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages, to be recovered by action at law, or before three justices.

Horse-Races.

WHEREAS the great- number of horse races for small plates or prizes have contributed very much to the encouragement of idleness, and impoverishment of many of the meaner fort of people, and the breed of strong and useful horses hath been much prejudiced thereby, it is enacted, that no person shall enter, Hart, or run any horse (mare or gelding) for any prize, unless the same shall be bona fide his own property, on pain of forfeiting the same, or the value thereof.

And no plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, shall be run for, or advertised or proclaimed to be run for, unless such plate, prize, or sum of money, be of the real and in-trinlic value of 50I. or upwards: and if any person shall enter, Hart, or run any horse for any such plate, prize, or sum of money, under the value of 50I.; or shall make, print, advertise, or publish any adverfisement of any such prize under the value of ;ol. every such person so entering, darting, or running such horse, shall forfeit zool. and every maker, printer, or publisher of such advertisement, shall forfeit tool. — And no person shall dart or run any match for any sum of money or other thing, unless it be at Newmarket or Black-Hainblcton, or unless such sum or other thing be of the real and intrinsic value of 50I. or upwards, on pain of zool.

Betting, loling, tvinning, cheating, and the like, at horse races, are within the statutes of Gaming; for which fee the title Gaming.

House.

House,

*5*

A MAN's home or habitation is so far protested by the Bkgk. 223. law, that if any person attempts to break open a house 1 in the night-time, and shall be killed in such attempt, the i (layer shall be acquitted and discharged.

1 In the case of burglary, which is breaking and entering a 3!V. e. 9.

dwelling-house in the night-time with intent to commit fe-| lony, it is a capital offence, although no felony be actually j committed. And where the offence falls short of burglary, it 1 is by several particular (lattices made felony without benefit of clergy, to rob any dwelling-house in the day-time, any per-(ba being therein; or dealing in the day-time to the value of ;s. in any dwelling-house or outhouse thereunto belonging, although no person be therein; or dealing to the value of .(.os. ia any dwelling-house or outhouse, although the same be not broken open; or breaking a house in the day-time, any person being therein and put in fear, although nothing be doion; or privately dealing any goods to the value of 5s. in any shop, warehouse, or liable, although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein. And a reward of 40I. is given, to any j person who dial! apprehend and prosecute to conviction any I person guilty of the felonious breaking and entering of a I ihviiling-house either by day or night.

J

4

3

I Duly on Houses in general, and on Windows or \ Lights therein.

Commissioners of the land tax shall be commissioners for the 20 G, 2, c, 3.

duties on houses and windows___And every ad'cdbr, before he

acts, shall take the oaths required by the 1 IV. e. IS. before three coimniflioners; which oaths are the oaths of allegiance land fuprcmacy. — Afielfors refusing to take the oaths, or their jofiiccs, shall forfeit jl. by dillrcfs and sale.

The of shall openly read, or cattfe to be read to V. hhe allessors, the several rates and duties, and openly declare khc effect of their charge imto them, and how they ought to laake their afledments.

1 That is to fav, for every dwelling-house inhabited, shall be 6 G. 3. c. 38. Ipaitl yearly js.

And

152

II G. 2.

20 G. 2. Id.

21 G. 2.

20 G. 2.

21 G. 2. 20 G. 2.

House.

N

And for every window or light in every dwelling-honfc in habited, an additional yearly sum as followeth:

c. 3.

r-3-

7 windows, and no more

8

9

10

11

«3

14.

20

21

22

IS, l6, 17, l8, I9

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

IS.

2S.

2d. each. 6d. each. 8d.' each, lod. each, od. each. 2d. each. 4d. each. 6d. each, yd. each. Sd. each. 9d. each, lod. each. 1 id. each, od. each.

23 —

24 — nr —

25 and upwards

And every kitchen, scullery, buttery, pantry, larder,

wash-house, laundry, bakehouse, 'brewhouse, and lodging-room, belonging to or occupied with any dwelling-houft, whether joined to it or not, shall be deemed part thereof, and the windows therein charged accordingly.

And where several windows are fixed in one frame, if 4: partition or division between them is of the breadth of 1: inches, the window on each side of the partition shall be deemed a distinct window.

And all windows in frames which shall give light into more rooms than one, shall be charged as so many separate windows, as there arc rooms enlightened thereby.

No windows or lights shall be deemed to be Hopped up. unless it be done effectually with Hone or brick, or plailfc upon lath, or upon any other material commonly used to plailler upon, or with the same kind of materials whereof tie outside of the house doth chiefly confill — If any occupiet shall open any windows, after the assessments are settled, and warrants for collecting ligned, without notice in writing to the surveyor, he shall forfeit 20s. by distress and sale, half of which fine shall go to the informer.

The rates shall be charged only upon the inhabitants a occupiers, and not on the landlord who let or demised tit same.

And if any person shall wilfully obstruct or molelt any ;i-feffor in the execution of his duty, he shall forfeit jl. to k levied as the rates and duties.

The aflcfTors appearing at the day appointed, shall delta in their assessments, to be verified upon their oaths, and nr

otherwise_____And shall then return the names of two or ata

able and suficient persons to be collectors, for whom the pi rish or place shall be answerable. — At which time also tta‘ or more of the of shall set their hands to the it fefi'ments, tcllifying their allowance thereof. j

A'!

House.

*53

AH appeals which shall be made between Match 25, and nG.z. c.io. August zo, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the of upon such days as shall be by them appointed between August 20, and September. 15. And all such other appeals as shall be made between September 29, and January zo, yearly, shall be heard and determined upon such other days as shall be appointed between January 20, and February 10;

House of Correction.

BY the 7 J. c. 4. it was enacted, that before Michaelmas 1611 > there should be built or provided within every county, one or more fit and convenient houses of correction ; which houses were to be purchased, conveyed, or allured unto such persons, as by the justices in sessions should be directed, upon trust that the same should be employed for the keeping, correcting, and setting to work the said rogues, vagabonds, or sturdy beggars, and other idle and disorderly persons.

On presentment of the grand-jury, that there is no house 17 G. % . c. of correction, and that it will be necessary to provide one or more; or that the houses of correction already provided arc not sufficient or convenient, or want to be enlarged, die justices in feiftohs shall have power to build or enlarge one or more fit houses of correction, or to buy or hire such houses for that purpose, with convenient outlets thereto adjoining, as on examination of able and sufficient workmen, or others, shall appear to be necessary for that purpose: and if houses or ' lands are to be purchased, they shall be conveyed to such persons as the said justices in sessions shall direct, in trust and for the uses and purposes aforesaid. And the justices in sessions shall appoint at their will and pleasure lit persons to be governors or mailers of such houses so to be provided; and shall appoint such sums yearly as they shall think meet, to be paid quarterly beforehand by the treasurer, the said mailer or governor giving sufficient feenrity for the continuance and performance of the said service; which sums shall be paid out 1- G. % . c. 29. of the general county-rate.

And the justices in sessions shall take care, that the houses 17 G. 2. c. 5. of correction (except those erected or maintained by particular founders) shall be duly fitted up and supplied with implements, materials, and furniture, for keeping, relieving, employing, and correcting all idle and disorderly persons, rogues,

Vagabonds, incorrigible rogues, and others, who shall be sent i.io, confined or continued in the same; and shall make such orders and regulations as they shall think fit, for the better (governing and regulating the said houses, and for employing,

X relieving,

House of Correction.

relieving, and punishing the persons therein, or for fending them to or from thence; which orders shall not be removed by any certiorari.

And whereas doubts may arise, where authority is given to any justice or justices, to commit offenders to the house of correction, for offences cognizable before them out of sessions, how long offenders may be there detained, and in what manner treated, where the time and manner of their punishment is not by law expressly limited; it is enacted, that where any offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, by virtue of any law in being or to be made, and the time and manner of their punishment is not expressly limited, the said justice or justices shall commit such offenders to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour until the next general or quarter-sessions, or until discharged by due courfcoflaw: and Svo justices (of which thcjusticewho committed him shall be one) may discharge the said offender before the sessions, if they fee' cattfc ; and if he shall not be so discharged, the said feiiiom may either discharge him, or continue him further not a-ceeding three months.

And where any person liable by law to be committed to the house of correction, shall be apprehended within any liberty, city, or town corporate, whose inhabitants are contributors to the house of correction of the county, the justices of such liberty may commit such person to the house of correction of the county.

If the mailer shall not, at every quarter-sessions, yield 2 true account of all such persons as have been committed to his custody; or if any person committed to his custody, shall be troublesome to the country, by going abroad; or otherwise shall escape away from the house of correction, before he shall be from thence lawfully delivered; then the said justices shall set such fines and penalties upon the said mailer or governor, as they shall think fit; and all fines and penalties shall be paid to the treasurer, and accounted for by him.

Two justices within the respective hundreds, divisions, or jurisdictions, where there shall be any house of correction, or any. two justices appointed by the sessions, shall visit the same twice a year, or oftener if need be, and report the state thereof to the next sessions. And if the governors thereof shall not set or keep the said idle and disorderiy persons, rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, to hard labour, and pusiilh and correct them according to the directions of their warrants of commitment, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves, the said justices in sessions shall fine them ; the fines to be pail to the treasurer, and accounted for by him as part of the cotmty-stock.

The justices in sessions may remove the said governor ot mailer; and if auv person removed by order of sessions, shall refute or r.eglcft to quit possession, for ten days after r.otict

giver

House of Correction. *,55

«iveii Him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two juf-

lices (on producing to them such order of sessions, or an at- . teilcd copy thereof, and on oath of one witness of such notice having been given, and of his having refused or neglected to quit possession) may by their warrant direct the iheriif to remove him, who shall thereupon clear the possession as in case of a writ of habere facias pojjejpmctr.

No spirituous liquors shall be fold or used in any house of 24 c. i. c. 40. correction; as may be seen more at large, under the article relating to spirituous liquors, in the title Excise.

And to defray the expences of crcfting, purchasing, and 17 G, 1. c. 5.

I repairing houses of correction, and of purchasing land to erect them upon, &c. the justices in sessions may cause such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as rates are to be raised by the 12 G. 2, c. 29.

The justices of the peace in every county, riding, division, M c. 3. r. 64. kc. within England and Wales, at their respective quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held next after Midsummer from the time of passing this act, shall nominate one or more justice eritillices of the peace, to examine and inspect the several houses of correction within their respective j urisdictions; and the justice or justices, so to be nominated, is and are hereby required carefully and diligently to inspect; the same, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter-sessions then next following, as to the (late and condition thereof, and the inercafe of number, or additions or alterations which they may judge necessary to make them more convenient and ufeiiil, having regard to the dahing of the several persons who shall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons as are committed to hard labour, and t'P the keeping every part of such prisons clean and wholefojnc; and the said justice or justices fa to be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and flrilfttl persons to make plans and eflirnates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present buildings to make them anfiver thp federal purposes of this act; which plans, together with the report of the said justice or justices, shall be kid before the court nt the said Michaelmas quarter-sessions; or if not then, at or before the Epiphany quarter-sessions then next following; which court is hereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approve such plans, they may adjourn the quarter-sessions to a further day for receiving proposals from persons inclined to undertake such work; and the justices, in settling and adjuiting fitch plans.

Ere hereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed upon charges of felony, or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of correction for punishment by hard labour, in order to prevent any commu-X 2 nication

156 House of Correction.

. nication between themand the other p'rifoners; and they are also to provide separate apartments, in each division of the house of correction, for the women who shall be committed thither.

12 C. 3. £.64. And the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-fef.

fions, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, upon any report made to them as aforesaid, to make such order thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case may require. — As soon as such buildings shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter-sessions, shall order them to be fitted up and furnished in such manner as to them shall seem fit; and shall also provide such titenlils and implements, as they shall judge proper for employing the several persons, who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour: and the keepers of such houses of correction are to deliver to the chairman of the quarter-sessions lifts of the persons in their respective custody, distinguishing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard labour, and'in what trade, manufacture, or business, every such person hath been employed, and is bed qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the belt of his information andot-servation; and the court shall, before the end of that fession, give such directions for the future employment of the said several prisoners as to them shall seem meet; and the justices dial!, at their general quarter-sessions of the peace, from time to time, order and direct a fnflicient quantity of materials so; manufactures to be provided for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds as they in their dif-crction shall think most proper; and they shall employ feme fit person to be keeper of such house of correction, and may appoint a temporary assistant or allistants to instruct such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture, which the justices shall think most proper to be set on foot and under-taken there.

ij, ' The rules, orders, and regulations for the better govern-

ment of the persons to be committed to the said houses of correction, shall be duly observed and enforced, subject to fab additions as shall from time to time be made by the justices of the peace at their quarter-sessions which shall be held nest after Midsummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby authorised to make at their discretion; and such rules and orders shall be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in forne conspicuous part of every such prison. — And the governot shall have power to punish the several offenders against these rules, by closer confinement; and shall enterin a book, to be kept by him for the inspection of the justices at the quarter-sessions, and the visiting justice or justices, the ' ' " ' ' nanii

House of Correction.

name of every person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the punishment in- (lifted.

The justices of the peace at their general quarter-sessions, , G may and shall cause such sums of money, as shall be necessary for all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same manner as rates are directed to be raised by an act 12 G. z. entituled, An act for the more easy offering, collecting, and levying of county-rates.

Any justice may present the want of houses of correction to Id. the quarter-sessions, on his view or knowledge thereof; which presentment by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same manner as if it had been made by the grand-jury. — All prisoners in such houses may be employed by the, governor in feme work or labour which is not severe, although such prisoners were not, by the warrant of their commitment, ordered to be kept to hard labour; and every such governor or keeper shall enter a separate account of the work done by every per-ioa under that description, and shall account with and pay to him or her one half of the nett profits, which he or ihc shall have earned, at the time of his or her discharge, and not before. — No governor, or officer under him, is to fell wine,

&c. or any other article used in the house, under pain that every person offending therein, shall, on complaint made on oath, and conviction of the said offence, before a magistrate having jurisdiction there, forfeit iol. for every such offence, and shall be dismissed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as assistant in such house of correction, by order of the justices at their next general quarter-sessions of the peace; and no wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into the house of correction to be drank there, unless for a medical purpose, by a written direction, under the hand of the apothecary or surgeon usually attending such house of correction; and the directions given by 17 G. z. for thein-fpcftioti and controul by the justices over the mailer or keeper of every such house of correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced. — The justices of the peace, in their respective quarter-sessions, shall fix a reasonable salary for the governor or keeper of the house of correction, and may moreover allow him same proportion of the profits earned by the prisoners.

Governors arc empowered to handcuff or fetter any refrac- jj,

tory prisoner__The justices of the peace, at their general

quarter-sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a minister of the church of England, residing in or near the place where every such house of correction shall be situate, to perform divine service there every Sunday, and may appoint such salary for his trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding zol. per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the county; but such salary to be diminished, at any future quarter-sessions, if the justices shall think fit. — All penalties inflicted by this act,

shall.

*57

c. 6$.

15® House of Correction.

shall, in default of payment, after due summons and demand made, he levied by distress and sale, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell; and for want of such distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor Tess than one calendar month ; every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of the county.

% TI. II. S9.

ijJErf. t. B. 2. c. 6.

J Injl. 117.

Hue and Cry.

FOR levying hue and cry, although it is a good course to have the warrant of a justice of the peace, when time will permit, in order to prevent causeless hue and cry; yet by the frame of the statutes, it is by no means necessary, m is it always convenient; for the felon may escape before the warrant be obtained, and hue and cry was part of the law, before justices of the peace were first instituted.

Constables of hundreds shall be chosen, who shall prefer,t before justices assigned, defaults of the suits of towns, and all such as lodge strangers in uplandish towns, for whom they will not answer.

And they which levy not hue and cry, or pursue not upon hue and cry, may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.

: C,.:

.46.

Hundred.

rRITS of execution which shall be sued out again} the inhabitants of any hundred, on any judgment ofa. tained by virtue of any act of parliament, shall by the sheriff on receipt thereof be produced to two justices, {1 ®.) in or near the hundred ; the same being first proved on oath before the said justices; and the attorney's bill taxed,

Hunting. Sec Game.

- Idcots. See Lunaticks.

Imprisonment. See Arrest, Commitment.

Inclosures. {Pulling down.)

oC.-.r,29- TF Peri"011 shall wilfully or maliciously demolish, pull } J JL down, or otherwise destroy or damage, any fence made foi

dividing or indosing any common, tyafte, or other lands or

ground;

Inclosures. [Pulling down.) 159

grounds in pursuance of any act of parliament, or shall cause or procure the same to be done; he shall be guilty of felony, and transported for seven years. Prosecution to be commenced in iS months after the offence committed.

Indictment.

THERE can be no doubt, but that all capital crimes zHaw.z 10. whatsoever, and also all kinds of inferior crimes of 3 i public nature, as misprisions, contempts, disturbances of the i peace, oppressions, and all other misdemeanors whatsoever of I a public evil example against: the common law, may be in-J disted : but no injuries of a private nature, unless they some way concern the king.

A fast amounting to a felony, is not indiftable as a tref- £ Kym. jiz.

Indorsing a Warrant in another County. See Appendix, No. 99.

Infants.

BY an infant, or minor, is meant any one who is under 1 h/i.z. the age of 21 years.

An infant may be guilty of forcible entry, in respect of 1 Hazo. 147. perfoiial actual violence.

And the justices may fine him therefore: but yet it shall Dal:, c. 126. be good discretion in the justices of the peace, to forbear the iinprisonment of such infant.

No age is limited for the binding of pnrilli apprentices; but 43 EL c. 2. it seemeth they may be bound after the age of seven, when they cease to be nurfc-children, and consequently may be ta-

ken from the mother.--- See Apprentice.

It shall be felony without benefit of clergy, to Heal goodsis An. ! to the value of 40s. out of an house, though the house be not c " broken open ; but this shall not extend to apprentices under 15 years of age.

Servants above the age of iS, embezzling their mailer's si 11.8. r. 7. goods to the value of 40s. shall be punished as felons.

Information

Information.

,160

a Haiti. 259. TNFORMATIONS are of two kinds; 1, Such as are merely JL at the suit of the king: and, 2. Such as are partly at the suit of the king, and partly at the suit of the party 5 which arc commonly called' informations qui lam, from those words in the information when the proceedings were in Latin, qui 1am fro domino rege quarn fro fiif/o, &c.

2i J. c. 4. All offences against any penal statute, for which any common informer may ground a popular action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, before the judges of assize, or justices of the peace in their general or1 quarter-sessions (having power to hear and determine the same) shall be prosecuted in the county where they were committed, and not elsewhere; and if the offence is not proved to have been committed in the same county, the defendant shall be found not guilty.

18 £7. c. 5. No informer shall compound or agree with the defendant, but after answer made in court; nor after answer, but by the order or consent of the court; on pain of being set on the pillory, in some market town next adjoining, in open , market, for two hours, , and of being disabled to be informer

on any penal statute, and also of forfeiting iol. half to the king, and half to the party grieved, to be recovered in any court of record, by action of debt or information. And the justices of assize, and justices of the peace in sessions, may hear and determine all offences against this act.

Inrolment.

ay II. S. c. 16. TV TO manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall pafi from one to another, whereby any estate of inheritante ' or freehold shall be made or take effect in any person, except the same bargain and sale be made by writing indented, scaled, and inrolled in one of the king's courts of record at Westminster; or else within the county where the lands lie, before the custos rotulorum, and two justices, and the deft of the peace, or two of them at the least, whereof the cleft of the peace to be one: the same inrollment to be made in lit months after date of the writings; and to be kept among# th: records of the county.

Judgmeni

i6i

Judgment.

BY many statutes, peculiar punishments are appointed for Dak. c. iSS.

several offences, as pillory, stocks, imprisonment, and the like; and in all these cases, no room is left for the justices' discretion, for they ought to give judgment, and to in-stiff the punishment in all the circumstances thereof, as such llatiites do direct.

HE justices, at Midsummer sessions, shall issue forth their i&nAt. c. iS.

. warrants under the hands and seals of two or more of them, to the high constables, requiring them to issue forth their precept to the petty constables, thereby directing and requiring them to make and return true lifts in writing, of the names and places of abode, of all persons within their respective constablewicks, qualified to serve on juries, with their titles and additions, between the ages of 21 and 70.

High constable failing to issue this precept, shall forfeit tol. on conviction at the affixes or sessions.

And if any petty constable shall wilfully omit any person, 3 G. 2. c. 15. ivlio ought to be inserted, or insert any one who ought to be omitted, or shall take any reward for omitting or inserting any person, he shall forfeit 20s. on conviction before one justice, on confession, or oath of one witness; half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish or place, for which the lift is returned; if not paid in five days, to be levied by distress. And such justice shall, in writing under his hand, certify the same to the next sessions; who shall direct the clerk of the peace to insert or strike out the name of such person so inserted or omitted wrongfully.

The petty constables, at Michaelmas sessions, shall deliver 7 c. 32, in the lifts in open court.

Or instead of this, after they have compleated their lifts, it 3 0.2. r. 23. shall be sufficient if they subscribe the same in the presence of one justice, and at the same time attest the truth thereof upon oath to the best of their knowledge or belief: and then the said lifts, being first ligned by the justice, and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the said petty constables to the high constables, who shall deliver in the same at the said sessions in open court, attesting at the same time upon oath the receipt of such lifts from the petty constables, and that no alteration hath been made therein nnee their receipt thereof.

Jurors.

V

The

i6&

j&sr/.t.i*. 3C.z,f. 25.

j&siy.t. 32.

2 Ilazo, 40C.

2 II. II. 263.

(i. 8. c. iz.

x IkJI. 2*7. ZKtfS.'. 15!

jurors.

The constable failing to make return shall forfeit 5I. to the king, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information.

And if any person, not qualified, shall find his name mentioned in such lill, and the person required to make futh lid shall refuse to omit him, or think it doubtful whether lie ought to be omitted, the justices at the fcllions to which the lifts shall be returned, on satisfaction from the oath of the

party complaining, or other proof that he is not qualified,

may order his name to be struck out, or omitted to be entered in the book.

The justices shall then cause the lifts to be fairly entered in a book by the clerk of the peace, to be by him provided and kept for that purpose amongst the records of the sessions.

By a clause in the commission of the peace, it is said, \vt command our IhcrilF, that at certain days, which yon (the justices) shall make known to him, he cause to come before you so many and such good and lawful men of his bailiwick (as well within liberties as without) by whom the truth shall be the better known and enquired into.

It seems that justices of the peace may not order a jury to be returned immediately, nor on the same day, for the trial of a prisoner arraigned before them, as justices of gaol deli-very may, unless the crime amount to felony, or the party consent to be tried immediately.

And although the words of the writ be twelve, yet by the ancient conrfe, the sheriff mull: return twenty-four, for the expedition of justice; for if twelve only should be returned, there would seldom a full jury appear; and in this case usage and custom makes the law.

Besides the challenges which may be taken by the plaintiff or defendant, it is enacted, that in cases where the king is party, the justices of assize, or of the peace in sessions, any reform the panels of jurors, by putting to and taking on; the names of the persons impanelled by their discretion ; and if the (lieriiF do not return the panel so reformed, he shall forfeit 20I. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue.

By the law of England, a jury after their evidence given upon the issue, ought to be kept together in some convenient place, without meat or drink, fire or candle, and without speecli with any, unless it be the bailiff, and with him only if they be agreed.

But with the act'ont of the justices they may both eat and drink ; and if they cannot agree, the justices may in such calc fusse'r the jury to have both meat and drink for a time,

to fee whether they will agree___But if the case so happen,

that the jury can in no wile agree, the justices (as it seemeth) in such case may take such order in the matter, as shall seem to them by their discretion to Hand with reason and confid-

ence,

Jurors. 163

cnee, by awarding a new inqnell, or otherwise, as they shall think bed.

If a man afthult or threaten a juror, for giving a verdict 1 Hawk.57,5s, against him, he is highly punishable by fine and imprisonment ; and if he Strikes him in the court, in the presence of the judge ofaffize, he shall lose his hand, and his goods, and profits of his lands during life, and suffer perpetual imprisonment.

In canfes of nisi print, every person whose name shall be 3(5.2.1.55. drawn, and who shall not appear, after being openly called ; three times, shall on oath made of his having been lawfully ; Summoned, forfeit not exceeding 5I, nor less than 40s. un-! less leir.e reni'cn.tble cause of absence be proved, by oath or affidavit, to the satisfttftion of the judge.

If the grand jury at the assizes or sessions will not find a 3 //. 7. <. 1. bill, the court may impanel another inquest to enquire of their concealments, and thereupon let fines upon them.

If a jury give a verdict against all reason, convicting or ac- 2 //. //. j0g, quitting a person indicted of felony, what shall be done? [f jro.

I die jury convict a man, against or without evidence, and ! against the direction of the court, the court may reprieve him before judgment, and acquaint the king, and certify for his i pardon: if the jury acquit him in like manner, the court may I fend them back again (and so in the former case) to consider better of it, before they record the verdict; but if they are peremptory in -it, and iiand to their verdict, the court mud 5 take their verdict and record it.

Justices of the Peace

j A RE judges of record, appointed by the king, to be juf- fall. c,

' /\ tices within certain limits, for the conservation of the ! peace, and for the execution of divers things comprehended ; within their commission, and within divers liatutes committed to their charge.

And a record or memorial made by a justice of the peace, ]Mh, (.3. of things done before him judicially in the execution of his office, shall be of Inch credit, that it shall not be gainsaid.

In ancient times such officers or ministers, as were insti- a hjl. 55?. toted cither for preservation of the peace of the county, or for execution of justice, were by force of the king's writ in every Several county chosen in full or open court by the free-tiolders of that county.

Y jt Beftdes

164

a Haw, 33,

U.

Dali, c. 1.

vj H, 8- c. I;

iS G, a. c. u

Justices of the Peace.

Besides these conservators of the peace properly so called, there were and are other conservators of the peace by virtue of certain offices: viz: (1) The lord chancellor, and every justice of the king's bench, throughout all the realm. (3) Every court of record within its own precinct. (3) Every justice of the peace. (4.) Every sheriff. (5) Every coroner, And (6) every high and petty constable.

There were also other conservators of the peace by tenure; who held lands of the king by this service; and other confer, vators of the peace by prescription.

The general duty of the conservators of the peace by the common law, is to employ their own, and to command the help of others, to arrest and pacify all such who in their pre. fence, and within their jurisdiction and limits, by word or deed, shall go about to break the peace. — And if the conservators of the peace have committed or bound over any offenders, they are then to send to, or be present at, the next fef. fions of the peace, or gaol delivery, there to object again! them.

Justices of the peace at this day are of three forts; 1. By act of parliament; as the bidiop of Ely and his successor;, and the archbishop of York, and bishop of Durham. 2. By charter, or grant made by the king under the great seal; as mayors and the chief officers in divers corporate towns. 3. By commission.

No person shall be capable of being or acting as a justice of the .peace, who shall not have in law or equity, for his own life, in pofl'cflion, a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for life, or for some greater estate, or an estate for fomelong term of years, determinable upon one or more lives, or fora certain term originally created for 21 years or more in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England or Wales, of the clear yearly value of 100I. above what will discharge all incumbrances affeaing the same, and all rents and charges payable out of the same: or who shall not be entitled to the im. mediate reversion or remainder of lands leased for one, two, or three lives, or for any term of years determinable on the death of one, two, or three lives, upon reserved rents of the clear yearly value of 300I.

And who shall not before he acts, at the sessions of tit county where he intends to act, take and subscribe the oath following; / A. B. do swear, that I truly and bona fide hat fitch an r/ate, in law or equity, to and for my own uje audit-nef.t, confjiing c/'-..(specifying the nature of such estate whether messuage, land, rent, tythe, office, benefice, or what eli'e) as doth qualify me to aS as a ju/ice of the peace fir lit

county, riding, or division of--, according to the true intitt

and meaning of an nS of parliament made in the I St A year of ili reign of his majesty king George the second, ent itled, an act n

Justices of the Peace. 165

1intend and render more effectual an ail passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, an aSfor the further qualification of jttfiices of the peace; and that the same (except where it consists ofan oflice, benefice, or ecclesiastical preferment, which it shall be sufficient to ascertain by their known and usual names) is lying or being, or issuing out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being 'within the parish, tmsnfiip, dr

prcciuffs of--- or in the femoral purifies, tommfiips, or pre-

cinSs of ----- --in the county of ----- --, or in the femoral coun-

ties of ----- ---(as the case may be.)

Which oath taken and subscribed, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace among the records of the sessions.

And if any person shall act as justice, without having taken and subscribed the said oath, or without being qualified as above, he shall for every offence forfeit tool, half to the poor of the parish in which he moll usually resides, and half to him who shall sue, with full colts. The prosecution to be in six months.

No sheriff shall exercise the office of a justice of the peace, sM.fejf.t.e. % . during the time that he acts as sheriff.

Justices of the peace have jurisdiction of all inferior crimes 2 How. 40. within their commission, whether such crimes be mentioned in any llatnte concerning them or not; for all such crimes are cither directly or at least by consequence and judgment of law, againfc the peace.

The Justice of the Peace his Oath of Office.

" YE shall swear, that as justice of the peace in the county ofM. in all articles in the king's commission to you directed, you shall do equal right to the poor and to the rich, after your cunning, wit, and power, and after the laws and customs of the realm, and statutes thereof made: and ye shall not be of connfel of any quarrel hanging before you: and that ye hold your sessions after the form of the statutes thereof made: and the issues, fines, and amerciaments that shall happen to be made, and all forfeitures which shall fall before you, ye /Trail cause to be entered without any concealment (or embezzling) and truly fend them to the king's exchequer. Ye shall not let, for gift or other cause, but well and truly yc shall do your office of justice of the peace in that behalf: and that you take nodiing for your office of justice of the peace to be done, bat of the king, and fees accitftomed, and colls limited by statute. And ye shall not direct, nor cause to be directed, any warrant (by you to be made) to the parties, but yc shall di-rest them to the bailiff of the said county, or other the king's officers or ministers, or other indifferent persons, to do execution thereof. So help you God."

The

i66 Justices of the Peace.

z6G. 2. e. 14. The justices at Midsummer sessions. 1753, shall settle a table of their clerk's fees; which being approved by the justices at the next succeeding sessions, with such alterations as the justices there shall think proper, shall be laid before the judges at the next assizes, who shall confirm the same with such alterations, additions, or abatements, as to them shall appear just and reasonable: and the sessions from time to time may make any other table of fees, and after the same dial! have been approved by the next succeeding sessions, shall lay the same before the judges'at the next assizes, who may ratify the same in like manner: and no table of fees shall be valid, until confirmed by the judges. — And if after three months from the time that such table shall be confirmed, any jnllice's clerk shall demand or take any other or greater fee than shall have been so confirmed, he shall forfeit 7.0I. to him who shall sue in three months___The said table of fees shall be deposited

with the clerk of the peace, who shall cause true copies thereof to be kept constantly in a conspicuous part of the room where the sessions are held, on pain of iol.

27 G. a. c. 16. In Middlesex, the like table shall be confirmed, by the two lords chief justices, and the lord chief baron or any two of them.

Dai:.173. Regularly, justices of the peace ought not to execute their office, in their own case; but cause the offenders to be travelled or carried before foine other justice, or desire the aid of some other justice being present.

Cn. Car. 394. If a justice exceed his authority, in granting a warrant, yet tile officer mnft execute it, and is indemnified for so doin'; but if it be a case wherein lie hath no jurisdiction, or in a matter whereof he hath no cognizance, the officer ought not to execute such warrant; so that the officer is bound to take notice of the authority and jurisdiction of the justice.

.4 G.14. If the officer in six days after demand shall grant to the party complaining a perusal and copy of the warrant, he fell not be liable to any action, but the justice only.

7 Saif. iM, In summary convictions, the party ought to be heard, and for that purpose ought to be summoned in'fact; and if t»t justice proceed against a person without summoning him, il would be a misdemeanor in him, for which an information would lie.

Dtlt.r.rt 5. In all cases where justices may hear and determine out of sessions (viz. on their own view, or confession, or oath of wit-nefi'es) the justices ought to make a record in writing under their hands of all the matters and proofs; which record not-

withstanding in many cases they may keep by them______And if

upon such conviction, the offender is so be fined to the king, then the justices are to estreat such fine, and to fend the estreat into the exchequer, whereby the barons of the exchequer may

cause

justices of the Peace.

467

ciufe the said fine or forfeiture to be levied for the king's afe. _ '

Forasmuch as moil of the business of a justice of the peace Oak. c. 173* , confiileth in the execution of divers statutes, which cannot be [ fafliciently abridged, but that they will come ihort of the fub-| fiance and body thereof, therefore it shall be fafcft for the juf-| lices to have an eye to the statutes at large, and thereby to I lake their further and better directions, for their whole proceedings.

A justice of the peace is strongly protested by the law, in die just execution of his office.

Thus in the first place, he is not to be slandered or abused.

In the next place, he is not punishable at the suit of tile z Ri®. ?s-' parly, but only at the suit of the king, for what he doth as judge, in matters which he hath power by law to hear and j determine without the concurrence of any other: but in cases I wherein he proceeds minilterially, rather than judicially, if 1 he act corruptly, he is liable to an action at the suit of the par-1 ty, as well as to an information at the suit of the king.

I In the next place, if any action shall be brought against 7 J- c- ; a justice for any thing done by virtue of his office, he may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evi-g dence; and if he recover, he shall have double costs.

No writ shall be sued out against, or copy of any process at c i the luit of a subject shall be served on any justice, for any "

I thing done by him in the execution of his office, until notice I in writing shall have been given to him, or left at his usual I place of abode, by the attorney for the party, one month be-I fore the suing out, or serving the same; containing the canfe I of action, and indovled with his name and place of abode; for luhich he shall be entitled to a fee of 20s. and no more. —

And the justice may at any time, within one month after such fnotice, tender amends to the party complaining, or to his jjittorncy; and if the same is not accepted, he may plead such |tender in bar to the action, together with the plea of not Iguilty, and any other plea with leave of the courtand if (upon issue joined, the jury shall find the amends tendered to Save been sufficient, they shall give a verdict for the defendant.

If a justice will not, on complaint to him made, execute Crm. 7. His afhee, or shall misbehave in his office, the party grieved 'itsy move the court of king's bench for an information, and Wtenvards may apply to the court of chancery to put him out of the commission.

Land-Tax.

Land-Tax,

Carried into Execution by Commissioners. Justices not, as such, concerned in it.

NO person shall be capable to act as commissioner in any county or riding at large (the counties of Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Monmouth excepted) unless he be seized of lands, tenements, &c. which were taxed or did pay, in the year . next before, for the value of tool, a year of his own estate. j But this shall not extend to of being inhabitant i of cities, boroughs, towns corporate, or cinque ports, or the inns of court or chancery.

No attorney or solicitor, or person practising as such, lltall aft as commissioner, without having iool. a year as above. Nor,shall any receiver-general, orcolleftor of any aid granted to his majesty, aft as commissioner. ]

If there is not a sufficient number of qualified commission® within any city or place for which of are pari-cularly appointed, the of of the county may ad therein.

No commissioner shall act, until he hath taken the oathttf allegiance, fuprcmacy, and abjuration, which shall be si. ministered to him by two or more of, on painofj 200I. to the king.

They shall meet at the mofc usual and common place; of: meeting, on or before April 30.

At which first meeting, three or more shall be apooital for5cach division; but this shall not rellrain any committal-from acting in any other part of the county: and they fill set down in writing, who, and what number of the comnti!-fioners shall act in each division, and shall deliver a copy thereof to the receiver-general.

The of, at such first; meeting, shall fct downb writing the films to be charged on each division, in propoiiin to the sums which were assessed thereon by the land-tax if. in the fourth year of the reign of W, 13 M.

Where the proportion upon any division shall exceed p. i: the pound, two or more of may certify the lie to the barons of the exchequer, who may order so much of d. proportion upon such division, to be abated, as exceeds i full sum of 4s. in the pound upon the c/lates therein.

At the same meeting, two or more of shall c rest their several or joint precepts to such inhabitants, hi; con (tables, petty constables, and others, as they shall this

Land-Tax.

raoft convenient, to be presentors and assessors,- requiring them to appear before the said of, at such time and place, not exceeding eight days after the date of such precept, as they shall appoint.

But no person in.a city, borough, or town corporate, shall be compelled to be an assessor or collector out of the limits thereof.

An assessor not appearing, without lawful excuse to be made on the oath of two witnesses; or appearing, and refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the king, not more than 5I. nor lets than 40s.

The of shall openly read, or cause to be read, to the assessors, the several rates, duties, and charges, and declare how and in what manner they ought to make their assessments, and how to proceed in the execution of the ad.

The of shall assess the assessors.

Every person, whether he hath a certain place of residence or not, shall be rated for his personal estate, at the place where he is resident at the time of the execution of the act:

! and if he is out of the realm at the time of the assessment, he [ shall be rated at the place where he was last abiding in the realm.

AH housholders shall, on demand of the assessors, give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as shall -sojourn and lodge in their houses; on pain of yl. to be re-| covered as the other penalties.

In a city or town corporate, persons having their house in i one parish or ward, and goods in another, shall be assessed for the whole where they inhabit. But if a person hath goods in j any other county than where he is resident, or had his last residence, he may be assessed for such goods in the county ! where they are.

; Members of parliament shall be assessed for their personal estate, at their manflon-houses, or places where they most iflually reside during the interval of parliament.

: Officers shall pay for the profits of their offices or employments, where the office is executed! and not where the salary is payable; but all other pensions, stipends, and annuities (not charged upon lands) shall be assessed where they are payable.

By the 32 G. 2. c. 33. relifting to the duty upon offices, it. is provided, that in all future assessments to the land tax, such officers shall not be assessed at an higher rate to the land taS, than they were in the year 1758.

If a person, having two places of residence or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any personal eflatc, office, or otherwise; then on certificate of two of for ths place of his last personal residence, under hand and seal, of Z the

Land-Tax.

the sum charged upon him there, and on oath made of fitch certificate before a justice of the place where the certificate shall be made, the person so doubly charged shall be discharged elfewJiCTO.

' If any person, who ought to be taxed for his personal cllatc, shall, by changing his place of residence, or by any other fraud, escape from the taxation, and the same be proved be. fore two of or one justice where such person re. tides, within one year after such tax made, he shall pay tre-,ble, to be levied on his lands and goods, on certificate thereof made into the exchequer by such justice or cominiflioners.

Every person shall be act'efled for lands where they lie, and not elsewhere. — And such tax shall be paid by the tenant, who shall deduct it out of his rent: and if any difference shall arise between landlord and tenant, the of, or two of them, shall settle the same, — The tax on foreign mi. sillers' houses shall be paid by the landlord.

Every papist, or reputed papist, being tS years of age, and upwards, who shall not have taken the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, as directed by 1 Jf. c. 8. shall pay double; unless he take the said oaths, before two of in ten days after the first meeting.

Also every person (whether papist or not) being 18 year, old and upwards, and not having taken the said oaths, and upon summons underhand and seal of two commissionersre-fusing to take them, or neglecting to appear, shall pay doe. ble in like manner.

But quakers refufirtg to take the oaths, shall not pay doable, if they shall make and subscribe the declaration of fidelity in the act of i W, c. 18.

After the charge given, the of shall appoint a day and place for the assess'ors to appear before them, and to bring in assessments in writing.

The afleilbr, after he is appointed, neglecting or refuting to serve, or not appearing at the third meeting, without lair, ful excuse, to be proved on oath of two witnesses, or not performing his duty, thall forfeit to the king any sum not ei- j ceeding 40I. to be levied as the rates, and charged to there-; eeiver general. 1

The assessors shall deliver two duplicates of the aflcffmcc;

in writing, signed by them, to the commissioners___And Dial!

then also return the names of two or more able and fuflicieK person 1, living within the places where they shall be chargeable respectivclr, to be collectors; for v-hom the parish a place thall he antwerabie.

Then three or more of shall lign and seal tw duplicates of the assessments, and deliver one of them to tie colltftors (whom they shall nominate and appoint) wifi

warmn: to the said collector to collect the fame___And diet

fr.'.ii

Land-Tax.

fli.ill at the same time give notice, at what time and place appeals may be heard and determined : which shall be at Icait ;o days from the time of signing and sealing and delivering, the duplicate to the collectors.

Every collector shall, within ten days after the receipt of the duplicates, cause public nctice to be given in every parish church or chapel within his diilrift, immediately after divine service on the Lord's day, of the time and place so appointed by the commissioners for hearing and determining appeals : and shall also, on the same day, canfe the like notices : to be fixed in writing on the door of such church or chapel.

Every person intending to appeal, shall give notice thereof in writing to one or more assessors, that they may attend, if ; they think fit, to jullify the assessment. — in case of any con-i troversy which concerns any commissioner, such commissioner liiall have no voice, but shall withdraw until it he determined; i on pain of any sum not exceeding 20I. to be levied anti

\ paid as the other fines_Appeals once heard and determined

[ on die appeal-day shall be final.

i The collectors shall make demand of the parties themselves if they can be found, or else at the place of their lall abode,

; or upon the premises charged. — And if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay to the collector on demand, he may I levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of the person j so neglecting of refilling. — And the distress so taken, may ! be kept for four days, at the charges of the owner; and if not ppaid in four days, then the distress shall be appraised by two ] inhabitants or other sufficient persons, and sold by the col-i lector, returning the overplus immediately (if any be) over and above the tax, and charge of taking and keeping the dif- irefs. — [f any difference shall arise upon taking the distress,

the same shall be determined and ended by two commissioners, i if any person shall refnfe or neglect to pay for ten days af-i ter demand, or shall convey his goods away, so that distress cannot be made, he shall be committed (unless lie is a peer) by «warrant of two of to the common gaol, until payment of the money aficiTed, and of the charges for bring-; ing in the same.

i Arrears may be levied by the present of, in tire 1 same manner as the present tax. — And where land? orhouses 'are unoccupied, and no distress can be found thereon, the collectors for the time being may distrain at any time after; and shall dillribnte the money to those who contributed to make it up.-

The collector shall pay the money received to the receiver general or his deputy, quarterly; but shall not be obliged to travel above ten miles from his nfual place of abode.

At every time and place appointed by the of For the collectors to pny the money to the receiver general, f.c shall deliver a list of the money receive^ by him, to such.

172

Land-Tax.

person as two or more of shall under their hands appoint; on pain of forfeiting a sum not exceeding 20I, to be paid into the exchequer, as the fines on affefi'ors and col-

leftors__The collectors shall have 3d in the pound, for col-

lesting and giving receipts, which they may detain out of the lait payment. — If the collector shall keep in his hands any part of the money by him collected, longer than the time limited; or shall pay any part of it to any other person than to the receiver general, or his deputy, he shall forfeit 40I. — If any collector shall refuse or neglect to pay any sum by him received, and not pay the same as the act directs, two of may imprison him, or may fcize all estates to him belonging, or which shall come to his heirs, executors, or administrators. Which said of may appoint a general meeting of the of, and shall give public no-tice thereof at lead six days before: And the of at such general meeting may fell such estates, or any part thereof for payment.

The of at any general meeting may summon collectors, who have fraudulently converted land tax money to their own use, and cause them to pay the same, to make up the deficiency if there is any in that place; and if there is no deficiency, then to discharge so much of the proportion charged on such place, as that money doth amount to: And if such collector shall neglect or refuse so to pay, the of may imprison him, and fcize and fell his eflatefor payment — If through wilfulness, neglect, mistake, or accident, tire act'eflment shall not be paid to the receiver general or his deputy, the same shall be reassessed upon such division. — If the receiver general shall return any persons in arrear whi have paid, he shall forfeit treble damages to the party,-and'

double the sum unjultly certified, to the king_No receiver

shall return anyplace in arrear, after, three years: but the same shall be a debt on him and his securities. — No receiver general, or any of his agents, shall maintain an action against the hundred, on account of being robbed in carrying-the money; unless they be together in company,-and in number three at the lead. — The receiver general, within 20 days after receipt, shall'pay the money into the exchequer.- — Which i! he shall pay otherwise than into the exchequer, or. not within: rite time limited; he shall forfeit 500I, to him who shall sue.

The of on or before August 8, or in 20 days after (all appeals being fir.fi determined), shall cause to be delivered to the receiver general or Lis deputy a schedule or duplicate in parchment under their hands and seals, containing the whole sum assessed upon each parish or place; and shall transmit a like schedulcor duplicate into the king's remembrancer's ofliccin the exchequer ; for which die remembrancer

cr

Land-Tax.

or. his deputy, shall give a receipt gratis, on pain of I of — The commissioners shall diilinguiih and set down the gross ium-charged in any division for double taxes, that it may be known how much the double taxes amount to in such division.

: — By the 18 G. 2. c. 18. which requires that no person I shall vote in the election of a knight of a shire, for any lands 1 which have not been assessed to the land tax for 12 calendar I months next before, it is enacted, that the of or direc of them shall fiign and seal a duplicate of the copies of the aiTeilments to be delivered to them by the aflcflors, after t :I1 appeals determined, and cause the same to be delivered to t the clerk of the peace, to be kept amongil the records, and inspected by any person without fee.

The of clerks, for their trouble in writing the 1 assessments, duplicates, and copies, and all warrants, orders,

I and initruftions relating thereunto, shall have t id. in the I pound, to be paid by the receiver general, according to the 1 warrant of two of.

On the dentil or removal of the of clerks, such clerks so removed, or the executors or administrators of such clerk dying, shall within one calendar month after notice in writing signed by three or more of, or a true copy £ thereof given or left at the usual place of abode of such person or persons, deliver up all books and papers to such person or persons as the said of shall by such notice appoint:

on pain of 50I. with'full coils; half to the receiver general ' in aid of the land tax, and half to him who shall sue.

3 If any aiTeiTor, collector, or other person, shall wilfully |neglect or refuse to perform his duty, or shall be guilty of 1 fraud or abuse, three or more of may fine him,

I not exceeding 40I; which shall not be taken oif, but by a |majority of the of who imposed it: to be lc-

(vied by warrant of the said of, by distress and falc; in default of diilrefs (if not a peer) to be committed to prison ky two of till payment, — And all fines shall be |paid to the receiver general, and paid by him into the exchequer, and shall he inserted in the duplicates to be transmitted |into the oflice of the king's remembrancer.

173

i Larceny

i

COMES from latrociv.ium, latrociny : and by contraction, % hfi. 107, or rather abuse, larceny.

1 Grand larceny is a felonious and fraudulent taking, and 1 lira. S9. tarrying away, by any person, of the mere personal goods of another, above the value of i«k

A j 11 Rice

174

Dull, c, 154.

1 Haw. 95.

Id.

I Haw. gi.

3 W. c. 9.

.39e:- ' '5'

1H. II. 54.3.

iz jh. Jl. 1. c, 17.

1 Ed. 6. c. 7. 1II. II. 5.18.

Larceny.

A justice of the peace, before whom an offender shall be

brought for petty larceny out of sessions, may not punish the said offender by his discretion, and so let him go ; but irtnii have him committed or bailed, to the intent he may come to his trial, as in cases of other felonies : And if upon his trial, the jury shall find' the goods stolen to exceed I2d in value, the offender shall have judgment to die for the-faulr.

All tpetty-larceny is felony, and consequently requires the word felonionlly in an indictment for it;- yet it is certain, that it is not pnnifliable with the loss of life or lands, but only with the forfeiture of goods, and whipping, transportalion, or other corporal punishment.

If the goods are taken from a man's person, and if it is attended with putting him in fear, it is called robbery; ifitis without putting him in fear, then it is called barely larceny from the person.

Ifitis done privily without his knowledge, by picking of pockets, or otherwise, it is excluded from the benefit of clergy by the & El. c. 4 (That is, if the thing stolen be above the value ofizd.)

If it is done openly and avowedly before his face, it k

within the benefit of clergy, except where it is committed in a dwelling honfe, or outhouse thereunto belonging, to ik value of 40s. from which the benefit of clergy is taken away.

Every person that shall feloniously take away any goods, being in .a dwelling house, any person being therein, and put in fear, or shall rob any dwelling house in the day time, any person being therein; he, his comforters and abettors, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall be convicted of feloniously taking away in the day time any money or goods of the value ofy. from any dwelling house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, and used to and with the same, altho no person be therein, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

This requires an actual breaking, and not entering by tfe doors being open.

Every person that shall feloniously Ileal any money, goods, or merchandizes, to the value of 40s. being in any dwelling house, or outhouse thereunto belonging, altho' it ha no: broken open, nor any person be therein, shall be guilty cl felony without benefit of clepgy.

Every person who shall be convicted of breaking any honk in the day time, any person being therein, and put in fcr, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

But it requires not only an actual breaking, and putting is fear, but also an entry with an intent to commit felony, anil is so to belaid in the indictment.

. Evert

Larceny. 175

Every person that shall by night or by day, in any iliop, IO & „ w_

warehouse, coach-house,- or liable, privately and feloniously . c. 13. fecal any goods, wares, or merchandizes, to the value of 5s, although it be not broken open, nor any person be therein,

shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Every person who shall apprehend any one guilty, of break-, ing open houses in a felonious manner;: or of privately and feloniously Healing goods, wares, or merchandizes, of the value of js, in any Stop, warehouse, coach-house, or liable, tho' they be not broken open, and although no person be' therein to be put in fear, and shall prosecute him to condition, dial] have a certificate without fee, under the hand of the judge, justice, or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, certifying such conviction, and within what pa-rilli or place the felony was committed, and also that such felon was discovered.and taken, or discovered or taken, by the person so discovering or apprehending; which certificate may be divided into shares, if the judges think fit: and the said certificate may be once assigned over, and no more: and the original proprietor, or the assignee of the same, shall by vir-iiie thereof be discharged from ail manner of parish and ward offices, within the parish or ward where the felony was committed.

And on tender of such certificate to the Iherift', and de- 5 An. c. 31. mand made, he shall pay to the person so entitled the font of tol. without fee, within one month after such tender and demand; on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

And if any watchman or other person be killed in en- jj, favouring to apprehend any such housebreaker, his executors or administrators shall have a certificate delivered under the hand and seal of the judge, or of the two next justices, of such person being so killed; which certificate they shall, upon sufficient proof before them made, give without fee: whereupon such executor or administrator shall be entitled to receive the like sum of 40I. in like manner.

And moreover, if any person being out of prison, shall commit any litch housebreaking in the day time as aforesaid; and afterwards discover two or more the like offenders, so as they be convicted, he shall have the like reward and allowance of 40I. and also all other advantages which arc given to persons who shall apprehend and convifl any the like offenders; and shall also have the king's pardon for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treason) by him committed before such discovery made.

Persons found guilty of robbing any person in any booth j s? 6 FJ. 0. ir tent, in any fair or market, the owner, his wife, children, ir servants being within, shall fuller as felons without benefit :f clergy.

All persons who shall feloniously Heal any goods or .mcr- 2417,1. .-,44

chandive

176

3 tr.c9.

5 An c. 31.

4 <7. C. IT.

29 G. 2. c. 30

Larceny.

chandize of the value-of 40s. upon any navigable river, or from off any wharf or key adjacent, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any person shall buy or receive any Itolen goods, know, ing the same to be stolen ; he shall be deemed an accelTaiy after the fast, and suffer accordingly.

If any person shall buy or receive any Itolen goods, knowing them to be Itolen, or shall. receive, harbour, or conceal any felons or thieves, knowing them to be so, he shall he deemed acccliary to the felony, and being convicted on the'-tellimony of one witness, shall suffer death as a felon convict.

Persons ednvifted of receiving or buying Itolen goods know, ing them to be Itolen, may be transported for t4 years. 1 . Every person who shall privately buy or receive any Itolen j lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, or folder, by fullering j any door, window, or Ihutter to be left open or unfalteneJ, between sun-setting and sun-rising, for that purpose; or shall buy or receive any of the same at any time in any clandestine manner; shall, on conviction by due course of law, aliho' the principal felon hath not been convified, be transported for 14 years.

And one justice on complainton oath by any credible person j that there is cause to suspect that Itolen lead, iron, copper, i brass, bell-metal, or folder, is concealed in any dwelling i house, or other place, may by his warrant cause such plate j ' to be searched in the day time: and if any of the same, Inf.: pedted to be Itolen, shall be found therein, may cause the same, and the person in whole house or other place the fane shall be found, to be brought before twojultices.

And if the person so apprehended shall not give an acconni to the satisfaction of such justices, how he came by the same, he shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall forfeit for the first offence 40s. for the second 4I. and for even subsequent offence 61. in which case, two justices may canst the said materials to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers for 30 days, and may order the said churchwardens or overseers, or one of them, in every parish within the bills of mortality, to insert an advertisement in some public paper; and elsewhere cause notice to be given by some public crier, and by fixing on the church or chapel door notice deferring such materials, and where deposited: and if any person caa prove his property thereto, upon oath, to the satisfaction of such two justices, they shall order restitution thereof to the owner, after paying reasonable charges. And if at the end of the 30 days, no person shall prove his property thereto, the same shall be sold for the belt price that can reasonably be had; and after deducing the charges, half of the money shall be given to the person apprehending, and half [0 the

Larceny.

poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or

where the conviction shall be.

And every person to whom any of the same shall be brought and offered' to be sold, pawned, or delivered (there being reasonable cause to suspect that the same was stolen) shall apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice (having it in his power so to do) the person so bringing or offering the same together with the said materials: and if it shall appear upon the oath of one person, notwithstanding he was concerned in Healing the same, to the satisfaction <Jf two justices, that there was reasonable cause to suspect that the same was llolen, and that the person to whom the same was brought or offered did not (having it in his power so to do) apprehend, fc'cure, and carry before a justice the person who brought or offered the same; then the person to whom the same was brought or offered, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemca-nnr; and shall forfeit for the first offence aos. for the second ms. and for every subsequent offence ql. by dillrcls: half to the informer, and half to the overseers for the use of the poor where the offence was committed (if known) or otherwise where the conviction shall be. And if no fullicieut distress : shall be found, then to be committed to the common gaol or other prison for one month for the first: offence, for the second and every subsequent offence, till discharged by order of : sessions.

The conviction to be on parchment, and to be certified to the next sessions, and there filed.

If any person who shall offer by way of pawn, pledge, exchange, or sale, any goods, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of himself, or of the means by which lie became possessed thereof, it shall be lawful to seize 30 and detain such person and the said goods, and to deliver hini as soon as conveniently may be into the custody of thecon-ilable or other peace officer, who shall immediately convey such person and the said goods before a justice ; anti if such ' justice shall upon examination and enquiry have cause to suspect that the said goods were stolen, or illegally or clandef-tineiy obtained, he may commit him to safe custody for any time not exceeding six days in order to be further examined: and if upon either of the said examinations it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that the said goods were stolen or illegally or clandestinely obtained, he shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to.

« dealt, with according to law. '

A 3

Leather.

17S

I J. C. 22.

yAa. e. ii.

12 G'. z. c. 25.

6 G. 3. c. ig.

Id.

Id.

13 6? 14 C. 2.

c. 4.

Leather.

ALL forfeitures by the act of the I J. c. 22. not hereafter otherwise specially directed, shall be divided one third to the king, one third to him that shall sue, and one third to the city, town, or lord of the liberty.

Any two justices near where the forfeitures on the said act shall be incurred, or offence committed, may hear and dc-termine the same; and issue warrants for levying the penal, ties, and cause the distress to be sold, if not redeemed in six days. And if either party is not satisfied with the judgment, he may appealto the next sessions.

If any currier shall refuse to curry any leather brought c: sent to him by any person dealing or working in leather, or shall neglect to curry the same in 16 days between Sept. and March 25, and in 8 days in the remaining part of the year, he shall, on conviction before one justice, on the oath of one witness, forfeit any'sum not exceeding 5I. by distress; half to the informer, and half to the poor, Persons aggrieve! may'appeal to the next sessions.

' If any foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be imported, the same shall be forfeited, and may be feaiche! for and seized by any officer of the customs or excise: and every person importing the same, or aiding therein, or being a vender or retailer of any kind of leather gloves or mitts, ia whose possession any such foreign manufactured leather glovo or mitts shall be found; or who shall sell or expose the same to sale; or conceal the same with intent to prevent the for. feiture; shall over and above the forfeiture of the said good:, and all interest he may have therein, forfeit also 200I. will double costs.

If the seizure shall be out of the limits of the bills of mortality, and not exceed the'value of zol. two justices may he:r and determine the said cause of seizure of the said goods. — Half the produce arising by the sale, to go to' the king; and half to the officer who shall seize and secure the same.

If any person, in whose possession such goods shall be found (such person not importing or concealing the same) shall dif. cover upon oath, before one justice,' the person who fold tie same to him, so as such vender may be convicted; he shall b: indemnified.

Le&urer.

fECTURERS in churches, unlicensed, and not conform.

..... ing to the liturgy, shall be disabled, and shall also suffer three months' imprisonment in the common paol; and two

justice:

Le&urer. 179

justices (or the mayor in a town corporate) shall,. upon certificate from the ordinary, commit them accordingly.

Lewdriefs.

T TPON information given to a constable, that a man and 2 Haw. 64. U woman are in adultery or fornication together, or that a man and woman of evil report are gone to a suspected house together in the night, the officer may take company with aim, and if he find them so, he may carry them before a justice, to find fnreties for their good behaviour.

Libel.

A LIBEL is a malicious defamation of any person, ex- ffW.i. 3-5.

pressed either in printing or writing, signs or pictures, to asperse the reputation of one that is alive, or the memory of one that is dead.

Linen Cloth.

ANY person, native or foreigner, may without paying 15 C.». c. ij, any thing, in any place, privileged or unprivileged, corporate or not corporate, set up and exercise the occupation of making or whitening of thread; as also of spinning, weaving, making, whitening, or bleaching any cloth made of

hemp or flax only__And all foreigners that shall use any the

trades aforesaid three years, shall (taking the oaths of allegiance and supremacy before two justices near unto their dwellings) enjoy all privileges as natural born subjects.

If any person shall do any act with any linen cloth, whereby 1 El. c. u. it shall be made worse, the said cloth shall be forfeited, and the offender punished by one month's imprisonment at the

lead, and pay such fines as the justices shall alfefs_And the judges of assize, and justices of the peace, or three of them (1 ^.) may hear and determine the same in their sessions, by information, indictment, or upon the traverse of any presentment or indictment found before them. — And if any person shall seize any such deceitful linen cloth, he shall at the next sessions, or before two justices (1 ®.) make due information of the offence and of the seizure, or else shall procure the offender to be indicted at the next sessions; and shall also be hound by recognizance or obligation to pursue the same with effect, and to pay the moiety of what he shall recover, to the A a 1 sheriff

i8o

7 0- ' U.

:Sff.

3 7' 4-s y. c. i;

Linen Cloth.

sheriff or other accountant to the use of the king; ami the.

other half shall go.to the informer or prosecutor_And the

justices, before whom the offence shall be tried, shall certify the same by cllrcat into the exchequer yearly at Michaelmas, as they do other cllreats., jo. If any person shall affix counterfeit damps on cloth, lie shall forfeit 51, for each piece : And if any person shall expose or pack up for fate, any such linens, knowing them to be so liamped; he shall forfeit the same, and also jl. for each piece.

And one jttftice may convifl the offender on the oath of one witness, and may grant his warrant for distress and laie; am! for want of sufficient distress on oath by the person executing the warrant, may commit him to gaol for lix months, ttnlcii it be paid sooner: Which penalty Dial I go to the informer, deducing as. in the pound to be paid to the constable who shall execute the warrant.

.5. No person shall wear any cambrick or French lawn, on pain of 5I. to the informer, on conviction by oath of one witness before one justice; who shall, on information on oath in six days after the offence is committed, summon the party, and on his appearance or contempt proceed to examine the matter, and on due proof thereof made, either by confession, or oath of one witness, hear and determine the same, and cause the penalty to be levied by distress. The party aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, giving six days notice.

But if the wearer shall, on oath before a justice, dilcovei the feller, he shall be discharged, and the feller only shall he liable.

Lord's Day,

ALL persons, not having a reasonable excuse, shall relbr;

to their parish church or chapel (or to some congregation of religious worfttip allowed by the toleration aft) on every Sunday, on pain of punishment by the confures of the church, or of forfeiting is. to the poor for every offence. To be levied by the churchwardens by distress, by warrant of one justice.

. No Ihoemaker fttall Ihcw, to the intent to put to sale, any

1 ihoes, boots, S:c. upon a Sunday, on pain of 3s. a

pair, and the value thereof.; to be recovered at the assizes, sessions, or lect; one third to tite king, one third to him who shall sue, and one third to the town or lord of the leet.

1. No carrier with any horie or horses, nor waggonmen with any waggon or waggons, nor carmen with any cart or cart',

no;

Lord's Day. iSt

tior wainmen with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any cattle, shall by themselves, or any other, travel on the Lord's day, on pain of 20s. or if any butcher, by hitnfelf, or any other for him, with his privity and consent, shall kill or fell any victuals on the Lord's day, he shall forfeit 6s. Sd. The conviction to be in six months before one justice, or mayor, on view, or confession, or oath of two witnesses; to be levied by the constable or churchwarden, by distress; or to be recovered in any court of record, in any city or town corporate, before the justices in sessions; to be applied to the use of the poor, except that the justice may reward the informer or pro-tecutor with part of the forfeiture, not exceeding one third part. This act continued in force one year; but was in-forced as follows:

No drover, horse-courser, waggoner, butcher, higlcr, or 29 Car. i. c. 7. any of their servants, shall travel, or come to his inn or lodging on the Lord's day, on pain of 20s. No tradesman, ar-tinecr, workman, labourer, or other person, shall do or cx-ercifc any worldly labour, bufinel's, or work of their ordinary calling on the Lord's day (except works of necessity and charity) on pain of every offender above 14 years of age forfeiting 5s. No person shall publickly cry, shew forth, or expose to sale, any wares, merchandizes, fruit, herbs, goods or chattels whatsoever, on the Lord's day, (except crying and felling of milk, before nine in the morning and after four in the afternoon; and except mackarcl, which may be fold on Sundays, before or after divine service, on pain of forfeiting the same. No person shall use, employ, or travel on the Lord's day, with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge (un- Jf, f

less allowed by a justice of the peace, on extraordinary occa- " '* ‘ r*

lion; and except 40 watermen, who may ply on the Thames on Sunday betwixt Vauxhall and Limehouse) on pain of ys.

And if any person offending in any of the premises, shall thereof be convicted in ten days after the offence, before one justice, on view, or confession, or oath of one witness, the justice shall give warrant to the constables or churchwardens, to l'ei/.e the goods cried, .Ihcwed forth, or put to sale, and to fell the same; and to levy the other forfeitures by distress; to the use of the poor, except that the justice may out of the same reward the informer with any sum not exceeding one third part. And for want of distress, the offender shall be let publickly in the (locks for two hours.

Fish carriages arc exempted. - <7.3. r. 15.

If any person shall, on a sunday, take, kill, or dcltroy, 1 -a. 3. c. So. or use any gun, dog, snare, net, or other engine for taking, hilling or destroying, any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor-gaine, heath-game, or grouse; he shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness before one jukice, forfeit for the lirll offence not exceeding 20I. nor lcfs than 1 al. forthcsecond

offence,

182

Lord's Day*

offence, not exceeding 30I. nor less than zol. for the third and every other offence 50I. to be recovered upon indictment at the feifions.

19 C. 2. c. 7. No person upon the Lord's day, shall serve or execute any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree (except in cases of treason, felony, or breach of the peace) but the service thereof shall be void; and the person serving the same shall be as liable to answer damages to the party grieved, as if he had done the same without any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment, or decree.

U. No hundred shall be answerable for any robbery on the Lord's day: Ncvcrtheless the inhabitants shall make hue and cry after the offenders, as on any other day. at G. 3. c. 49. Any house, &c. opened for public amusement or debate, on a Sunday, to which persons shall be admitted by payment of money, or by tickets fold for money,- shall be deemed a tlif-orderly house, and the keeper thereof shall forfeit 200I. for every such day that such house shall be used as aforesaid. The president, for every such offence, shall forfeit the linn of iool. to such person as will sue for the same; and every I'er-vant or other person, who shall deliver out, or receive money or tickets for admitting persons on the Lord's day, shall all'o forfeit the sum of 50I. to such person as shall sue for the same. ji. Any person advertising any public amusement for thcLord's

day, to which persons are to be admitted by money or tickets, and any person printing or publishing any such advertisement, shall respectively forfeit the sum of 50I. for every offence, either of the aforesaid forfeitures to be sued for by aflionof debt, within six calendar months.

Lunaticks.

17 G. a. t. 5. TT shall be lawful for two or more justices, where a lunatic!;

A or mad person shall be found, by warrant directed to the constables, churchwardens, and overseers of the place, or some of them, to cause such person to be apprehended, and kept safely locked up in some secure place, within the county or prccinfl, as such justices shall under their hands and foals dircfland appoint, and (if such justices find it necessary) to be there chained, if the settlcntent of such person shall lie

within, such county or precinct...And if such settlement

shall not be there, then such person shall be sent to his settlementby a vagrant pass (mutaiis mutandisJ; and shall be locked up or chained by warrant of two justices of the county orpre-cinft, to which such person is so sent, in manner aforesaid, And the reasonable charges shall be paid (such charges being first proved upon oath) by order of two justices, directing

the

Lunaticks. 183

the churchwardens or overseers, where any goods, chattels, lands or tenements of such person shall be, to seize and fell so much of the goods and chattels, or receive so much of the annual rents of the lands, as is necessary to pay the same; and to account for what is so seized, fold, or received, to the next_ quarter sessions: But if such person hath not an estate to satisfy the same, over and above what shall be sufficient to maintain his family, then such charges shall be paid by the parish, town, or place to which such person belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens or overseers for that purpose.

Any person aggrieved by any act of such justices out of sessions may appeal to the next sessions, giving reasonable notice ; whole order therein shall be final.

No person on pain of 500I. shall entertain or confine, in 19 C. 3. c. 15. any honfc kept for the reception of lunaticks, more than one lunatick at one time, without a licence to be granted yearly by the college of physicians within London and Westminster and (even miles thereof, and within the county of Middlesex, and dfewlierc by the justices in sessions.

Madder.

|F any person shall Heal and take away, or wilfully and ma- 31 g.i. c. 35. I liciously pull up or destroy any madder roots, and shall be tonvifted thereof before one justice, by confession or oath of one witness, he shall, for the first offence, pay to the owner such satisfaction for damages, and in such time as the justice shall appoint, and moreover shall pay down upon conviction to the overseer for the use of the poor, fitch sum, not exceeding 10s. as to the justice shall seem meet; and if he Ml not make such recompence, and also pay such sum to the use of the poor, the said justice shall commit him to the We of correction for any space not exceeding one month, or may order him to be whipped by the constable or other officer, as to the said justice shall seem meet; and for the second offence, shall by such justice be committed to the house of correction for three months. Prosecution to be commenced within thirty days.

Maim.

TF any person shall maliciously cut off or difabie any limb M @ c. 2. 1 or member of any subject, with intention to maim or dif- c. 1.

«gure him, the person so offending shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy; but not to work corruption of blood.

Maintenance.

Maintenance

I Haw. 249.

1 Ed. 3. fi. t. c. 14.

I Haw. 159.

3- W- s- 9-

3S Ed, 3. fl. 1.

1 G. 3. c. 10 .

Id.

U.

u.

MAINTENANCE (mam teiiere) is an unlawful taling in hand or upholding of quarrels or suits, to the disturbance or hindrance of common right.

No person shall take upon him to maintain quarrels, nor parties in the country, to r'nc disturbance of the comma: law.

Embracery is a Species of Maintenance.

ANY attempt whatsoever to corrupt, or influence, or in ftruft a jury, or any way to incline them to be more favour, able to the one side than to the other, by money, promises, letters, threats, or persuasions, is a proper act of embracery.

No person shall embrace any jurors on pain of tol. half to the king, and half to him that shall sue within a year.

If any juror shall take any thing to give his verdiS, Itoih I he, and the embracer, shall forfeit ten times as much, loll to the king, and half to him that shall sue. _ j

Militia. j

1

i

WHERE the militia has been, or shall be raised, thnt j shall be a general meeting yearly on the lait Tuefth; i in May, or the lull Tuesday in October. j

The general meetings are to conlift of the lieutenant, to-, j getlier with two deputy lieutenants; or, on the death, one- J moval, or in the absence of the lieutenant, of three deputy j lieutenants.

But within the smalley counties, to wit, of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Welhnorcland, Rutland, and all the counties in Wales, two deputy lieutenants with one juti tice, or one deputy lieutenant with two justices, may exercise all the powers conferred by this act on three deputy lieutenants in other places.

At which general meeting, they shall appoint the times and places for holding four or more subdivision meetings in each year; which subdivision meetings they may change or alter at any time, at any general meeting to be held after rentable notice thereof given.

Also for the purpose of filling up any vacancy or vacancies, occasioned by death or otherwise; the deputy lieutenants and

jnllics

Militia. 185

justices as aforesaid may appoint a subdivision meeting giving feral days' notice thereof.

The subdivision meetings are to consist of three deputy lieu- » c. 3.1.10. tenants, or two deputy lieutenants together with, one justice, or one deputy lieutenant together with two justices.

But where the militia is on‘actual service, two deputy lieu- lS G. 3- c- S9' tenants, or one deputy lieutenant and oncjustice, may exer-eife all the powers conferred on three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants with one justice, or one deputy lieutenant with two justices, and may adjourn themselves from time to time as they shall see proper.

And every person cltofcn at any subdivision meeting, shall 19 G. 3. c. ja. serve for three years, and be liable and subject to all the feve-i hI directions, provisions, and penalties, in any act relating i to the militia of this kingdom.

After the appointment of any subdivision meeting, the U. clerk of such meeting shall give reasonable notice in writing, of the time and place appointed for the same, to every deputy lieutenant and justice resident within the said subdivision;

and also to the commanding officer of the regiment, if on ac-j tual service, or, if not on actual service, to the Colonel thereof, i an account of the days fixed for receiving lifts, and for bal-| lotting, and swearing in the men; and shall, as soon as the men are sworn in, likewise transmit to the commanding officer or colonel as aforesaid, a list, specifying the names, trades and usual places of abode, of such men. as are sworn, and, if substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode, of the principals in the room of whom they were sworn.

notwithstanding the appointment of subdivision meetings, 2. G. 3. c. 20. it shall be lawful for any deputy-lieutenant, or justice, to act ill any and every subdivision within the county, riding, or

place__If there shall not appear at any subdivision meeting,

a sufficient number of deputy lieutenants and justices to act, the clerk shall by notice given in writing to all the deputy lieutenants within such subdivision, or left at their respective places of abode, appoint another meeting to be held within 14 days, at the same place where such meeting had been before appointed to be held, giving at least five days' notice thereof.

If the deputy lieutenants arid justices at any subdivision Id. meeting, shall receive information, or suspect, that any per-fim inferred in any list, described as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound in order to avoid serving, they may enquire into such binding, and summon witnesses, and examine them on oath: and if such fraud shall appear, they may appoint such person so bound apprentice, to serve immediately in the militia of the place for which such lift was returned, if there be a vacancy; if not, then on the first vacancy that shall happen therein: and the person to whom such apprentice shall be so bound, shall forfeit iol. which, ifnotforth-B b with

i'86

3.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

- C.. J.

Militia.

with paid, shall be levied by diltrcfs; half to the informer, if any; and the other half, or, if there shall be no informer, then the whole, to be applied in manner hereafter mentioned.

If any chief constable, constable, or other officer, ilndl refuse or neglect to return such lilt, or to comply witlt such orders as he shall receive from the lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices, in pursuance of this act, or shall in making such return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality ; any three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenant; with one justice, or one deputy lieutenant with two julliccs, may imprison him in the common gaol for one month, or at their discrelion may fine him in any sum not exceeding ;!, nor under 40s. by distress.

Any person who shall by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof, or of any indemnification, or by menaces, endeavour to prevail on any constable or other officer to mate a false return, or to erase or leave out the name of any person who ought to be returned, he shall forfeit 50I. to him who shall fuc.

If the lilt of any parifit or place shall be loll or destroyed, the deputy lieutenants and justices, in their subdivisions, may cause a new lilt to be made and returned to them at their next subdivision meeting, in like manner as the former was.

The deputy lieutenants and justices assembled in their subdivisions, shall (after hearing any person who shall think himself aggrieved, by having his name inserted, or by any others being omitted) direct such lilts to be amended as the

case shall require____They shall also, at the first subdivihoa

meeting, return to the second general meeting, all the fills of the several parishes, tithings, and places, so amended a aforesaid, that the men may be by them proportioned in tht several larger divisions.

At the second general meeting they shall appoint what number of men in each respective hundred or other division ihalt serve in the said militia, towards raising the number of men I by this act to be raised for such respective county, riding, 0;: place, in proportion to the whole number contained in {itch I lilts: ami shall order copies to be made of all the said lilts; an. such copies to be returned to the second subdivision meeting:. ;c. At the second subdivision meeting as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants and julliccs shall appoint what number of men shall serve for each parifit, tithing, and place — And thtv shall ifl'uc out an order to the chief constable or other offira of the respective hundreds or other divisions, requiring them to give notice to tite constable or other like officer of each pa-rifit, tithing, or place, of the men appointed to serve for fuel respective parifit, tithing, or place; and of the time and place of the subdivision meeting, for chusing the men by lot. — If at any of the subdivision meetings, any private militia man shall shew just cause for his discharge, the deputy lieu-

tenant!

Militia. 187

tenants and justices shall and may dischsrge him: and if there iltall be any other vacancy, they shall cattfe a like number to be chosen by lot (except as hereafter excepted) out of the lifts of such places where the vacancies shall happen.

Every colonel and commandant of every regiment and corps 22 (7.3. c.!,. of militia, is required forthwith to return a list as well of fndi private militia men as arc willing to continue so to serve, as of all others whose times of service will expire between the lirll day of April, and the first day of December, next cn-suing, to the clerk of the general meeting of the county or : riding to which such regiment or corps shall respectively bc-I long; and all clerks of general meetings, deputy lieutenants,

] justices of the peace, and other persons concerned, are hereby ! respectively authorised and required, upon the receipt of such j lifts, forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve in ! the militia, in the place of those whose times will expire as a-j foresaid.

If any militia man shall abscond, desert, or absent himself, iS G. 3. e. 39. i and not return or be taken in three months; then, on certi-i ficate thereof from the commanding officer to the deputy lieu-| tenants and justices of the division, they shall hold a fubdi-; vision meeting, and ballot another: And if such absentee shall at any time return to be taken, he shall, notwithstanding ano-: ther being chosen to serve in his room, be compelled to serve out the remainder of his time.

If the churchwardens or overseers of any parish with the 2 G. 3. c. 20. consent of the inhabitants, shall provide and produce any volunteer or volunteers of five feet four inches (at least) in 4 G. 3.17. height, and such volunteers shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants and justices; they shall be then and there fivorn in and enrolled: and only so many Iltall be chosen by lot, as shall be wanted to make np the whole number to serve for such parish, tithing, or place, or parishes, tithings, or places.

And if such churchwardens or overseers shall give to such id. volunteers any sum or sums of nioney to serve in the militia;

(beymay make a rare on the inhabitants, by (Iterate they now ufc for the relief of the poor, which rate being approved by two justices, the said churchwardens or overseers may collect inch rate, and reimbursc themselves such sums as they Hall have paid with the consent of the said inhabitants as aforesaid; and the overplus, if any, shall be applied as part of the poor rate. And if any shall refuse to pay; one justice, on complaint thereof by such churchwarden or overseer, may

levy the same by distress---- But no balloted person, who shall have served himself, or by substitute, three years, or who shall be then serving himself or by substitute, shall be liable to pay such rates.

B b 2

All

i88

Militia.

io G. 3. c. 44. All persons who have enlisted themselves in volunteer companies annexed to the militia, without any time cxprcfted, shall be entitled to their discharge at the expiration of three years, or at such time as the militia shall be disembodied, or as his majesty shall think fit to reduce the volunteer companies:

s G.3. c. 20. The deputy lieutenants and justices shall, at their said fufc- .

division meeting for balloting, appoint another meeting to be held within three weeks in the same subdivision, for ftvear-ing and enrolling the men.

Id. And shall ifl'ue out an order to the chief constables, todi-

rest the constables or other officers of each parish or place, to give notice to every man so chosen to appear at such meeting; which notice shall be given, or left at his place of abode, at lead seven days before such meeting.

22 G. 3. c. 62. If any person chosen by lot to serve in the militia shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be applied to the purposes directed by the said act, such person shall not be obliged to serve in the militia, until by rotation it shall come to hit turn.

No person offering himself to serve as a substitute in the militia, shall be accepted and enrolled as such, unless he tab; and subscribes the following oath ; videlicet:

/ A. B. do solemnly fivear, That, to the heft of my itousMp and belief, the place of my settlement is the p'arifli of in the county of [being the county in which the

substitute then offers to serve.]

Which oath any one'deputy lieutenant, or one justice of the peace, is hereby required, to administer at that meeting where such substitute is to be enrolled, j.) G. 3. c. 72. If any person shall receive any sum of money for the pur*

. . pose of serving as a substitute, and shall afterwards'neglect to appear at the usual meeting appointed for swearing the militia-men, or before some one deputy lieutenant as aforesaid; he shall, on conviction before one justice, or before any deputy lieutenants at their said meeting, not only return the sum so by him taken, but shall forfeit any sum not exceeding 20s. to be paid to the ballotted man, or to the poor of the parish, at the discretion of the justices ordeputy lieutenants: and if he shall not immediately pay the sum so by him received, and the said penalty, he shall be committed to the house of correction for fourteen days. '

e, 3. t. 20. If any serjeant, drummer, or fifer, serving in the militia, shall beat up for volunteers; the person who shall give orders for so doing, shall, on proof of such beating up and such orders given, upon oath before one justice, forfeit 20I. half to the person who shall make information thereof, and the other half to be applied as part of the regimental flock; - and if such serjeant, drummer, or fifer, shall refuse to dc-

date

189

Militia.

clsre upon oath before such justice from whom he received such orders; such justice may commit him to the house of correc-' lion, for any time not exceeding three months.

When the militia are embodied, and at a distance from the is G, 3. county, &c. to which they belong, the commanding officer inall apply to every man whose time shall be within four months of expiring, and who in his judgment shall be fit to serve, and esquire if he be willing to continue his service for

a further term of three years, and for what price; and shall as soon as may be, transmit to the clerk of the general meetings a list of all such as he shall find willing to serve again,

; and for what price.

And the clerk of each subdivision meeting shall forthwith j give seven days notice for a subdivision meeting to be held;

; at which, the whole number, whose time will expire within four months of the date of the said lifts, shall be chosen by lot, or otherwise supplied according to the statutes in that behalf. And the deputy lieutenants or justices present at the subdivision meeting when the men so chosen shall attend to be feorn and enrolled, shall acquaint each man so chosen for any parish or place in the said subdivision, if there be any of tfeofc who are at that time serving for the same, who are willing to continue as fuhstitutes, and at what price. And such of the persons so chosen as shall be willing to give the said price, shall forthwith pay into the hands of the deputy-lieu-' tenants or justices such sum as aforesaid, which shall be by them remitted to the commanding officer, and by him paid to itich persons as shall have engaged to serve as aforesaid: who on the receipt thereof shall be sworn by a justice where the Wegiment, battalion, or independent company shall be ; who shall certify the same under his hand and seal, to the commanding officer; which certificate shall be valid, as if the person so sworn had been enrolled.

Every person chosen by lot to serve in the militia shall be iS G, 3, compellable to serve, notwithstanding he may have changed his place of abode.

If any person enrolled and serving in the militia shall offer 9 <» 3-himself to serve and be enrolled as a substitute in any other regiment or battalion of militia; he shall, on proof upon oath' before one justice, forfeit id. to the informer, to be levied 'oydillrefs; and for want of sufficient distress, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding three months.

If any person, sworn anti enrolled in the militia, shall cn- 3 5,3, lid in his majesty's other forces; and it shall appear upon oath to the justice, that the said person was enrolled to serve in the militia, at the time of his enlisting into his majesty's other forces, and did not acquaint the officer enlisting him therewith ; such justice shall commit him to the house of correction '

c. 59.

f.59.

c. 42.

r. 36.

igt> Militia.

7 G. 3. c. 17.

9 C. 3. c. 42.

2 G, 3. e.io.

u.

u.

u.

JS.

rcetion of the place where he shall be so apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour not exceeding three months.

If any officer, serjeant, or other person recruiting for men to enlist and serve in his majesty's other forces, shall wil. fully and knowingly enlist any person, who at the time of such enlisting shall be enrolled and engaged to serve in the militia; every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void. And if any militia man shall deny to such recruiting officer or other person, that he is at the time of his offering to enlist a militia man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve

(which the said officer or other person is hereby required to act of any man offering to enlist) and shall enlist in his majesty's other forces; he shall, on conviction on the oath of one tvi:-ness before one justice for the place where such person ms enrolled to serve in the militia, be committed to the common gaol of such place for any time not exceeding six months, over and above any penalty or punishment to which he shall be otherwise liable by law; and from the day on which his engagement to serve in the militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong to the corps of his Majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so enlisted.

. If any person serving in the regular forces fftall offer nin-fclf to serve and be enrolled as a substitute in the militia; he shall, on proof upon oath before one justice, forfeit id. to the informer, to be levied by distress ; for want of sufficient distress, the justice shall commit him to the common gaol for any time not exceeding three months.

If any servant, hired by the year or otherwise, shall fine in the militia; it shall be lawful for one justice, on complaint upon oath by such servant, to order so much of his wages as shall appear to such justice to be due, to be immediately pad him by his mailer or employer, in proportion to the fervicck has performed; and shall proceed therein as is diredledby the statute of 20 G. z. c. 29.

No militia man having served as a substitute, shall by such service he excused from serving for himself, when he shall b; chosen by lot-.

No person, having served personally or by substitute three years in the militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it comes to his turn.

When any substitute, after having been approved as aforesaid, before the expiration of the term for which he was to serve, shall die, or be appointed a serjeant, or be legally discharged ; the person for whom he served shall not be obliged to serve himself, or to find another; but such vacancy shall be filled up, as in case of vacancies occasioned by the death 0; discharge of persons serving for themselves.

After every subdivision meeting, the clerk of the said meeting shall, within fourteen days after each, meeting, transioit

to

Militia.

to iiia mujeil-y's lieutenant fair and true copies of the rolls signed at the fail! meetings.

If any militia man shall not appear at the time and place 2ff. 3 appointed for training and exercise, he may be apprehended, without any previous summons, by warrant from' one justice of the same county or place, or of any other county nr place, within which such offender shall be found, on oath made before such justice, that such militia man did not appear, and on producing also to the justice a certificate ligned by the clerk of the subdivision meeting, that it appears to him by the roll in his custody, that the said defaulter is, or at the time of the offence committed was a militia man for the county wherein he ought to have appeared, and upon proof on oath made before the said justice of the handwriting of the said clerk: If any militia ntan so apprehended, shall not prove to the satisfaction of the said justice, that he did at the time appointed for such appearance labour under some infirmity incapacitating him; or that he had changed his place of abode and removed upon notice and certificate into the subdivision wherein he shall be dwelling at the time of his being so apprehended; or that he, at the time of such default of appearance, was enrolled also to serve in the militia of some other county or place, and hath thereby forfeited and paid the penalty of lol. inflicted for that offence by the 4 G. 3. r. 17; he the said defaulter shall Hand immediately convicted by the said justice before whom lie shall be brought; and the said justice shall then require and demand of him the immediate payment of the penalty of 20I. and 011 refusal or neglect to pay the same into the hands of the said justice, or of such person as he shall then dircfl, for the use of the regiment or battalion, wherein such defaulter was enrolled, to serve as part of the common flock of such reginient or battalion, the said justice shall commit him to the common gaol of the county or place where he shall be so convicted, there to remain without bail or mainprize for six months, or snail he shall have paid the said penalty of 20I.

One justice, in any county or place where such deserter s c. shall be found, may proceed against him in the same manner, and execute the like powers, as in the case of not appearing at the annual exercise.

Every principal, substitute, and volunteer, shall faithfully t; perform his three years' service: and if he shall abscond, or ilefert, or absent himself from his duty, before the expiration of the time for which he was enrolled, whenever he is taken, he shall be subject to be punished for such default or defrr-tion, and shall be obliged to complete the remainder of his three years' service which was unexpired at the lime of such his default or desertion. — And every substitute who shall desert, whenever lie shall be taken, over and above such miliary

191

C, 20.

192

2 G. 3. C, 20.

Id.

Id.

Id.'

Militia.

tary punishment as shall be inllifted on him, shall serve for three years, to be computed from the day on which he ivis apprehended : and the commanding officer shall order notice to be given to the clerk of the subdivision in which he is engaged to serve, of his desertion, and the time of his uppre-hension, that he may make a fresh entry of his name in the roll to serve for three years from that time.

No officer or private man shall be liable to any penally 0; punishment, on account of his absence during the time hi shall be going to vote at any election of a member to serve in parliament, or returning from such election.

When the militia shall be called out to be trained and c;;-ercifed, it shall be lawful for a justice of the peace, being duly thereunto ‘ required by an order from his majesty, or from his majesty's lieutenant, or a deputy lieutenant, or from the colonel or other chief commission officer upon the place, of any regiment, company, or detachment of militia, to iff* out his warrant under his hand, to the chief constables, petty constables, or other officers of the hundreds, parishes, tith. ings, or places, from, through, near, or to which, any such regiment or company of militia men, or any detachment thereof, shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages of the arms, clothes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, or other warlike material;, with able men to drive such carriages, as is or are mentioned in the faitl order; but in case such sufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any such county, riding, hundred, parish, or place, then the next justice shall, upon such order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his warrant to the chief constables, petty constables, or other flick officers of the next county, riding, hundred, &c. for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency of carriages.

And such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other chief commission officer upon the place, who by virtue of the said warrant from the said justice, shall demand such carriage of such officer as aforesaid, shall at the same time pay down to him in hand for the use of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, the film of is. for every mile ary waggon with five horses shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or with four oxen and two horses, shall travel; and 9d. for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for carriages drawn by a less number of horses or oxen; for which the officer shall gire a receipt.

And such chief constable, petty constable, or other officer, shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective divisions, as they shall thin! proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men at cording to such warrant; which persons so ordered shall pm

Militia.

vide and furnish the same accordingly, for one day's journey raid no more.

And in case the said constables, or other officers, shall be a q, at any charges for such carriages, over and above what is so received by them of the said lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other chief officer as aforesaid; such overplus shall be borne by each county, riding, or place, where such additional expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without fee [ by the treasurer out of the public flock.

If any such constable, or other officer, shall wilfully neg-lift or refuse to execute such warrant; or if any person apr pointed by them to provide any such carriage and man, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to provide the same, he shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 4.0s. nor less than 20s. to the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed; the same to be heard and determined by two justices; anti the penalty to be levied by their warrant by dillrcfs.

It shall be lawful for the mayors, bailiffs, constables, and jj, other chief magistrates and officers of cities, towns, parishes, and other places, and in their default and absence for a justice of the peace inhabiting in or near such place, and for no others; and they are hereby required, to quarter and billet the officers and private men, including serjeants, drummers, and lifers, at the times when they shall be called out to annual exercise, in inns, livery (tables, alehouses, victualling-houses, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail; on application to them made by the lieutenant, or by the colonel or commanding officer.

It shall be lawful for every captain or commanding officer of 4 C. the militia, to put the corporals and private' men of his company under stoppages, not exceeding 6d. a day. Provided, that such captain or commanding officer shall account with the said corporals and private men for the said stoppages, before they shall be dismissed from the annual exercise; having hid dcdudled what shall have been laid out for them for nc-ceflarics and repair of arms damaged by their neglect.

If the serjeant, or other person appointed by any captain /„, j of the militia to receive and keep in his custody the said arms,

! clothes, and accoutrements, shall not complain within three ! day's to a neighbouring justice, of any militia-man's not hiving returned his arms, clothes, and accoutrements as before directed, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit 20s. which if he shall not immediately pay, the same shall be levied by distress by warrant of such justice.

His Majesty's lieutenant, or in his absence three deputy lieutenants, may by their warrant employ such persons as they shall think (it, to seize and remove the arms, clothes, and accoutrements, belonging to the miUtia, whenever such C c lieutenant

m

l. f. 20<

*9i

s G. 3.

id. id-

Id.

Id.

> G.

Militia.

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall judge it necessary to the peace of the kingdom; and to deliver the same into the cul'-tody of such persons, as the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants Until appoint to receive the same.

t.zo.- If any militia man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit a sum not exceeding 3I. and if lie shall not immediately pay the same, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction for one month, and until satisfaction shall be made for the same; and if he shall not be of ability to make such satisfaction, then for the space of that months.

And if any militia man shall refuse or neglect to return his arms, clothes, and accoutrements in good order, to his captain, or to such persons as shall be appointed as aforesaidto receive the same, whenever demanded, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit 10s. and if he shall not immediately pay the same, such justice shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding 14 days.

If any person shall knowingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any arms, clotlves, or accoutrements belonging to the militia, he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit 5I. and if he shall not immediately pay (lie same, the said justice shall levy the same by distress; and, for want of distress, shall commit him to the common gaol ! for three months, or shall cause him to be publickly nhipt, j at the discretion of such justices.

The serjeants shall receive all their military orders with re- ; spedt to training the militia men under their care, from the j adjutants, and their superior oflicers; and shall report from j time to time all crimes and misdemeanors of the several mililii j men under their command, to their adjutant or superior of- j fleers, or to any two deputy lieutenants, or to some civil I inagillrate, as the case shall require.

If any non-commission officer shall be negligent in his duty,! or infolenl, or disobedient to the orders of the adjutant, or' other his superior officer, and be thereof convicted as afote-said upon the oath of the adjutant or other superior officer before one justice,. he shall forfeit any sum not exceeding jet. at tKe discretion of such justice; and if he shall not immediately pay the same, the said justice shall commit him to the fioufe of correction for 14 days; and his Majesty's lieutenant may discharge such non-conunitlion ollicer, if he shall think lit.

.. 3c. His majesty's lieutenant or three deputy lieutenants shall,on or before Dec. 25, certify to the cleric of the peace, that the militia for such county or place-has been raised, and when and a: what time the lame was lirll raffed; the names, number, and rank of officers, and the number of private men, in

Militia. 195

the year when such certificate is made, and the time of exer-eife in that year. Which certificate the clerk of tile peace s shall deliver to the justices at their sessions, to be held next I after the said zjth of December, on the day on which such 1 sessions shall be opened; and shall file the same amongst the I records, that the true state of the militia in that county may

1 2PI,ear-

I If any militia man ordered to be drawn out and embodied , c, r. ao.

in case of invasion or rebellion, shall not appear and march 8 in pursuance of such order; he shall, on conviction before

Itwo justicer, forfeit 40I. and if he shall not immediately pay the same, they shall commit him to the common gaol for twelve months, or until he shall have paid the lame.

And if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia man, /,/.

I not attending when ordered into actual service, knowing him to be a militia man; he shall, on conviction before one justice, forfeit 5I. by distress; and for want of sufficient distress.

Inch justice shall commit him to the house of correction for two months, or cause him to be publickly whipped.

Ia case any person shall be chosen by lot, and be sworn /„>, and enrolled, or provide a substitute who shall be sworn and 10 0.3. 0 7s-enrolled, the churchwardens or overseers of the place for which he serves, shall, within one month after such swearing and enrolling, pay to every such person so chosen by lot, if the regiment or battalion shall be then embodied, any sum not exceeding 5I. as two deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice, in whose presence such person shall be chosen by lot, shall adjudge to be, as near as may be, one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county or riding where fitch person shall be chosen, and shallby order under their hands appoint accordingly; which sum shall be taken out of the rate made for volunteers, or if no volunteers shall be provided by the churchwardens or orerfeers of fitch parish or place, then out of a rate to be nude by the rule aforesaid.

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall, on producing Inch o.-der, refuse or neglect to pay such sum as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 10I. by distress by warrant of one justice; half to the person so chosen by lot as aforesaid, and'half to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, to be add.ed to t.he common [flock.

If any man, serving in the militia, shall, on the march, 46'. 3. .'.17. |0r at the place where he shall be called out to annual exercise,

:tcdifabled by sickness or otherwise, it shall be lawful for one jjailice, or mayor, where such man shall then be, by his war-rtnt to order him such relief as he shall think reasonable:

End the officers of the parish or place where such militia man lhr.ll be so relieved, on producing an account of the expences occslioned thereby, allowed under the hand of a justice, to C c 2 t.he

ig6 Militia.

the treasurer of the county or place for which such man shall serve, shall be reimbursed the lame by the said treasurer out of the county (lock.

3 G. 3. c. jo. If any militia man, who shall have been chosen by lot, shall, when embodied and called out into actual service, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to support thent-selves, the overseers of the poor of the parish, where the fa-mily of such militia man shall dwell, shall, by order of onr justice, out of the poor rates of such place, pay to such firmly a weekly allowance, according to the usual and ordinary price of labour in husbandry, where such family shall dwell, by the following rule; that is to say, for one child under the age of ten years, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's labour; for five or more children under the age aforesaid, any sum not exceeding the price of four days labour; and for the wife of such militia man, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's labour; and the same shall bereinr-bursed to such overseer, by the treasurer of the county.

Id. In all cities and places, which are not liable, to contribute

to the county rates by virtue of the act of the 12 C. c. 29. the justices of the peace for every such city and plate, at any sessions or meeting, may and shall appoint a treasurer, and shall act'efs upon every parish, or hamlet within their jurisdictions, in such proportions as the rates heretofore made for the relief of the poor have been usually act'efled, and shall cause to be paid out of the money collcfled for the relief« the poor, into the hands of such treasurer, such sums as they in their discretion shall think sufficient for reimbursingtoth: overseers of the poor of the several parishes, within their jurisdictions, the amount of the weekly allowances paid byfuci overseers to the families of the militia men residing within their jurisdictions; and every such treasurer shall forthwith reimburse the same to every such overseer accordingly.

H, The treasurer of any county, or city, &c. wjio shall re-

imburse to anj overseer as aforesaid any sum of money on at-count of the family of any militia man serving in the militia of any county or place, other than that wherein such family shall dwell, shall deliver or transmit an account of such money as he shall have so reimbursed, signed by one or more iulfe of the place where such family shall dwell, to the treasurer of the county, in the militia whereof such militia man lhi!l serve; and thereupon the treasurer to whom such account shall have been delivered, shall pay to the treasurer, who shall have delivered such account, the Aims by him reimbursed to such overseers of the poor, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

io C. s. (. 72. And in case any substitute, whose family may so become ‘ chargeable, shall not serve for the parish where his family

lhai

Militia. *97

shall dwell, it shall be lawful for the justice, who shall make any order for the relief of such family, at the same time to tiireft the overseers of the parish for which he shall serve, to reimburse the money so paid co the overseer or overseers who shall have advanced the same in pursuance of the order before mentioned, if such parish shall be situated within the same county.

If the substitute, whose family shall be so relieved as afore- Id. laid, shall serve for any parish situate in another county, the monies advanced by the overseers of the parish, where the family shall dwell, shall be repaid to them out of the county flock, on producing to the treasurer a certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief (which certificate such jtillice shall grant accordingly, and the treasurer shall transmit such certificate, and also an account of all monies so repaid by him from time to time, quarterly, to the treasurer of the county, in the militia whereof such substitute shall serve; which account shall be laid before the justices at their next general or quarter-sessions for their allowance thereof; which said justices shall make an order to the overseers of the parish, township, or place for which such substitute llir.ll serve, to make good the same to the treasurer of the county, out of the poor rates of such parish.

All chief constables and other officers shall be aiding and 2 G. 3. c. ;c. allilling to his majesty's lieutenants, and their deputy lieutenants, and justices, and to all to whom any power is by this act given, in the execution hereof.

And it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and juf- y. dees within their subdivisions, from time to time, to issue out their order or warrant under their hands and seals, commanding the attendance of the constable or other officer of any parish, at such times and places as in such order or warrant shall be expressed ; and if they shall refuse or neglect to appear, they shall suffer as followeth : if any such officer Hull refuse or neglect to comply with such orders and directions as he shall from time to time receive, from his majesty's lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices as aforesaid ; in such case, three deputy lieutenants; or two deputy lieutenants to-gerherwith one justice, or one deputy lieutenant together with two justices, shall imprison him in the common gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for the space of one month; or fine him not exceeding jl. nor under 40s. by distress.

In all case's, where the lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, u or justices are by this act required to examine, hear and determine; all witnesses shall be examined upon oath; which oath, such lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices, or any one of them, arc impowered to administer.

The

*98

iSG. 3. »C. 3. t

u.

ll

4C. 3. e, jG.yC

Militia.

f-59- .

.17.

The benefit of the act of the 24. G. 2. c. 44. for render-ing justices more safe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to their warrants, shall be extended to the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants.

All fines, penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, the manner of recovery whereof is not in this act particularly provided for, shall on proof upon oath before one justice. be k-vied by distress by warrant of such justice; and for want of dillrcfs, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding three months; And all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, the appfi. cation whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, and be made a common llock.

In all cases, when any person shall be committed to the house of correction by virtue of this act; he shall, during the time of such commitment, be kept to hard labour.

No order or conviction made by order of this act, shall he, removed by certiorari, nor execution or other proceeding' upon such order be superseded thereby.

If any drummer, during the time the militia shall not be called out, shall be negligent in his duty, or difohedient to the orders of the adjutant or other his superior officer, and thereof be convicted on the oath of the adjutant or other credible witness, before one justice of the county in the militia of which such drummer serves; he shall forfeit any sum not exceeding 40s. or his pay shall be Hopped, until the same shall amount to the sum ascertained by the justice.

If any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drummer, or lifer, engaged to serve in the militia, and who Ural] have received any pay therein, shall, during the time such militia is not in actual service or out at annual exercise, misbehavt, be negligent in his duty, or difohedient to the orders of the adjutant or other his superior officer, and be thereof convicted on the oath of the adjutant, or other credible witness, before one justice of the county or place to the militia whereof such offender shall belong; he shall, over and above any penalty or punifitment by any former law, be committed to the common gaol of the county or place wherein he shall be engaged to serve in the militia, for any time not exceeding six months.

lfany serjeant major,serjeant.drummajor, drummer, or lifer, during the time the militia is not in actual service or out at annual exercise, shall desert from the regiment, in which he shall be enrolled to serve; it shall be lawful for the constable of the town or place, wlterc any person may he reasonably fuf-spefted to be such a deserter, and shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended and brought before s

justice

Militia. 199

Mice in or near such place, who shall examine him: and if ! by his confession, or oath of one witness, or the knowledge I of such justice, he shall appear to be a deserter, the justice 1 shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the i county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of i correction or other public prison of the to.wn or place where ; he shall be apprehended; and transmit. an account thereof to i the secretary at war. And the keeper of such house or pri-I foil shall receive the fubiistence of such deserter, during the j time that he '"shall continue in his custody; but shall not ! be entitled to any fee or reward on account of his imprisonment.

The secretary at war, if the deserter shall be taken out of ^ G. 3. e, r;. the county to the militia whereof he shall belong, shall ifl'ue an order under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the prison where such deserter shall be confined, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person therein named; and such per-fou shall thereupon convey the said deserter before a justice of the county to the militia whereof such deserter shall belong; who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the goal, house of corrcflion, or other public prison, within the said county.

And the said deserter Jliall be kept in such prison till the Id. regiment to which he belongs, shall be called out to annual cKicife, or embodied and called forth into actual service, which shall first happen; and the then commanding officer shall issue out an order under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the prison where such deserter shall be confined; requeuing him to deliver the deserter to the person or persons therein named; and the said officer shall summon and hold a court martial, and try such deserter, and if found guilty, punish him, agreeable to the articles of war, and the act against mutiny and desertion. the justice, before whom such deserter shall be brought, u.

1 Stall issue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment, requiring hint to pay to the person who shall have apprehended such dc-j ftrter, the sum of 20s.

And if any person shall knowingly harbour, conceal, or iG. 3. c. 10.

; aiill such deserter, he shall forfeit 5I. to be levied as any. penalties or forfeitures by the 2 G. 3. c. 20.

In the county of SulTex, the churchwardens and overseers I9 c. 3. e. 71-of the poor of the several parishes shall execute the powers given ellcwltere to the conlhbles and other peace-officers.

Where any parish shall lie in more counties or ridings than 2 q. ^ r-I0. one, the inhabitants of such parish shall serve in the militia of that county or riding, wherein the church belonging to such parish is situated.

lfaquaker shallbechofcnbylot to serve in the militia, three //. deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants together with

one

200

jg G. 3. e. 7*.

g G. 3. r. 41.

a.

w.

/A

Militia.

one justice, or. one deputy lieutenants, together with two justices, shall, if they think proper, upon as reasonable term;, as may be, provide and hire a fit person, who shall take the oath, and subscribe his consent to serve in the said mi. iitia for the space of three years, as the substitute of such quaker; and shall levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such quaker, inch fiun or sum's as shall be necessary to defray the expence of providing and hiring such person to serve in the said militia for the space of three years, as the substitute of such quaker, rendering the overplus, after deducing the charges of distress and sale.

In every place where any rate as is aforesaid shall be made, where the churchwardens or overseers shall complain to ajustice, that a quaker or quakers refuse to pay his or their alFcd'. ment, such jttftice may order such colls and charges for levy, ing the distress, as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding tos. on each of the said quakers, where there are no mote than two of them, and where there are a greater number, not exceeding ;s. on each.

The justices at the sessions to be held next after Dec. shall raise and levy, within such county or place, wherein no certificate has been given, that the militia has been raised, the sum of 5I. in lieu of every, private militia man, in like manner as the county rate.

Where a city or town being a county of itself, doth no; contribute to the county rate, their proportion shall be levied, in like manner as their poor rate.

And if such city or town shall not before June 1, yearly, pay their quota to the county treasurer, the justices of tire county at their Midsummer fclfions shall issue an order to the overseers of the poor of each respective parish within such city or town, requiring them to return to the next Michaelmas sessions the several quotas that each parish or place pays to the land tax; and the justices at- the said Michaelmas leflions Ihsll cause the same to be levied on the goods of the churchwardens or overseers. who shall be reimbursed as for money expended for the relief of the poor.

The clerk of the peace shall, within 14 days next after Christmas yearly, transmit to the of of the treasury, and also to the receiver-general, a copy signed by him of every certificate which shall have been delivered in pursuance of this act; and if no such certificate shall have been delivered, then he shall certify that no such certificate from his majesty's lieutenant or any three deputy lieutenants hath been received by him, and that he hath certified the same to the justices of such general quarter-sessions, and thereon required such justices to proceed according to the directions of this act; and shall also certify what proceedings have been had at such sessions in relation to the raising the said sum of yl. per man: and if the justices at such sessions shall not proceed

Militia. £01

ceed to raise the same, the clerk of the pefice shall within 14 days next after the said sessions certify to the solicitor of the treasury such omission, and the names of the justices present at such sessions: and the solicitor of the treasury- shall, on receipt of such certificate, forthwith proceed to compel the jufi ticcs to raise the said sum.

And if the said sum of 5I. per man shall not be duly paid 9 ffi J. f. 4*' into the exchequer; the solicitor of the treasury shall pro* ceed with all due diligence, to prosecute all justices of the peace, receivers general, treasurers, and other persons neg* -lesting or omitting their duty, and not raising the said sum of $1. per man.

All other penalties and forfeitures, by this act not other- j{, wife directed, shall be recovered on proof upon oath before or.c justice, to be levied by distress; for want of sufficient didrefs, the offender to be committed to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding three months.

Northern Borders.

^"pHE justices of Northumberland and Cumberland, may t % & 14C.s. } make order in sessions, for charging the respective c.«. counties, for securing the same against the moss-troopers (that is, thieves - and robbers, who after having committed offences in the borders, escape through the wastes and nodes;) so as Northumberland be not charged above jool. r.or Cumberland above 200I. a year. And they may appoint . a commander, with 30 men in Northumberland, and iz men in Cumberland, to search for, pursue, and apprehend offenders.

If any person against whom a warrant shall be issued by ij <? I- 3>-any justice in England, for any offence against the laws of England, shall escape or go into Scotland; the sheriff, of Seward depute, or- substitute, or any justice of the county or place where such person shall be, may indorse his name on the said warrant, to apprehend the person against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him into the county or place in England (being adjacent to Scotland) in which the offence was committed, before a justice of such county or place, to be there dealt with according to law j in case the offence was committed in the county not next adjacent to Scotland, then to convey him into any county of England adjacent to Scotland, before a justice there j who shall proceeed, with regard to such person, by endorsing the warrant, as by the 24 G. t, c, in like manner as if the person had been apprehended in the said county.

D d And

2QW

13 G. 3- f. 31. II

t skin. 197.

X InJI. 56.

>3 G. 3- c‘ 39 Dali. t. m.

Northern, ©'orders.

1

; And if any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the peace of, Scotland, shall escape or go into-England, any justice of, the county or place where such person shall be,.may endorse .his name on the said warrant; to apprehend the person . against whom such warrant is granted, and to convey him-into the county or place in Scotland (being adjacent to England) where, the offence was committed, . to be there dealt .with according to law.

And the expence of removing prisoners as. aforesaid shall be repaid'to the person defraying the same, by- the- treasurer of the county in England, or by the iherilf, or lleward depute, or substitute, of the county in Scotland, in which the offence was committed; the amount of such expence being, previoush ascertained upon oath before two j ustices of such county, anil allowed and signed by them.

Nularice.

A COMMON liufance fccins to be, an offence against the public, either by doing a thing which tends to the annoyance of all the king's subjects, or by neglecting to do a thing which the common good requires.

Annoyances to the prejudice of particular persons, are no: punishable by a public prosecution as common nufances, hut are left to be redressed by the private actions of the parties aggrieved by them.

If it is a public nusance, the law hath provided an apt re. medy, by presentment or indictment at the suit-of the king, in the behalf of all his subjects.

Oaths.

IN all cases, where any penalty is directed to be levied, or distress to be made, by any act of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, it shall be lawful, for any justice or justices, acting under the authority of such acts respectively, to administer an oath or oaths for the purpofo of levying such penalties or making such distresses.

The person accused shall not be examined upon oath, fc: -by the common law no man is obliged to accuse himself: bui it seemeth convenient, in cases of felony especially, that th information, which the justices do take against the prisoner ' be upon oath; otherwise, upon the trial of the prisoner, 6c! information taken by the justice shall not be read or delivered to the jury, nor given in evidence against the pr; foner upon his trial.

Oatfe's.-' -2 03

The information of the prosecutor or witnesses ought to . be i ;i, H. 5S6, upon oath, although the iiatute doth not mention an oatly; which information upon oath, being sworn on the trial to be truly taken by the justice or his clerk, may be given in evidence again!! the prisoner, if the witnesses be dead or not able to travel. ;

Where one justice may punish offenders upon accusation or Balt. c. 66. proof generally, it seemeth that this mull be by examination of witnesses ; and though the statute doth not expressly set down thatitfhail-be upon oath, yet it seemeth fit, that the justice do it upon oath: yea in all other cases, wheresoever any man , is authorised to examine witnesses, such authority to examine Jliall be taken and confirued to be in such manner as the law requires, which is only by oath.

Two justices may summon, by writing tinder hand and seal, t G.JI. a,-. 13. -any person whom they shall fnspect to be dangerous or difaffefted to the government, to appear before them, at a certain day and time therein to be appointed, to take the oaths 0! allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration : and if such person neglects or refuses to appear, then on due proof made on oath of the summons having been served on such person, or left at his dwelling house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there, they shall certify the same to the next sessions, there to be recorded by the cleric of the peace. And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear and take the oaths at the said sessions (the name of such person being publickly read as the first meeting of the said sessions) then such person shall hsellcemed and adjudged a popish rccufant convict : and the same shall be thence certified by the cicrk of the peace into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded,

' Office.

NO persons shall be elected to any office of magistracy, ,5 c. i.e, 1.

place, or trull, relating to the government of cities, 5 G. c. {>,' corporations, boroughs, cinque ports, and other port towns, who shall not have received the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to thorites of the church of England, within one year next before such elefiion: And every person so placed or efeded, shall take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, at the same time that the oath of oflice is taken; which shall be administred by those, who by charter or usage administer the oath of office; and in default of such, by two justices of the corporation, if there be any such; or otherwise by two justices of the county. And in default thereof every such cleftion and placing shall be void. — Which said justices abovementioned shall cnufc memorandums to be made of such oaths taken before them, and delivcrcdor.ee a year to the-town clerk, or Ode 0 titer

mi Office.

other register or clerk, who shall enter the feme in their books.

But generally there is a clause of indemnification in some aft in'almost every session of parliament, provided they qualify on or before a time in such act limited.

*5 C. i, c. *. Every person who shall be admitted into any office civil or military, or shall receive any pay by reason of any patent or grant from the king, or shall have any command or place of trull in England or in the navy, or shall have any service ox employment in the king's houshold j shall, within three jnontns after his admission, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England in some publick church on the Lord's day, immediately after divine service and sermon; And in the court where he takes the oaths (as hereafter mentioned, which shall be within six months after his admission) he shall first deliver a certificate of such his receiving the sacrament, under the hands of the minister and churchwardens, and shall then make proof of the truth thereof by two witnesses on oath. And they shall ; also, when they take the said oaths, make and subscriks the declaration against transubstantiation. All which shall be enquired of, and put upon record in the respective courts.

id. ' And these, together with all ecclesiastical persons, heads

1 and members of colleges, being, of the foundation, or having any exhibition, of eighteen years of age; and all persons teaching pupils; schoolmasters and urtiers; preachers and teachers of separste congregations; high constables, and practicers. of the law, shall, within six calendar months after such admission, take and subscribe the oaths of allegiance, fupreinncy and abjuration, in one of the courts at. Wellmin-' Her, or at the general or quarter sessions of the place where

lie shall be or reside, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and no other; and during the time of taking thereof, all.proceedings in the said court shall cease.

By the 31 G. 2. c. 22, altered and explained by the 3: G. 2. c. 33, there are certain duties laid upon offices and 1 pensions; and so much of the salaries of such offices, as1 drifeth from perquisites, is directed to be under the management of the commissioners of the land tax.

}i G. z. c. 33. - By perquisites are meant such profits of offices and employ-' ments, as arile from fees established by cultom or authority,

and payable either by the crown, or the subjects, in confi-

deration of business done in the course of executing such offices and employments.

31 G. 1. c. zz. ' Where the profits of such offices shall arise, from perquisites due and payable in the course of office, and not fro® fiilaries, fees, and wages paid by the crown, the same shall be under the management of the commissioners of the land ‘ ' tax,

205

Office.

tax, who shall ascerta'w, according to the valuation of such offices to the land tax, or othertvifc according to their bed judgment, the sum total of the perquisites ariitng from such office, distinct from the salary, fees, and wages thereof.

Pardon,

WHEN a pardon is pleaded by any one for felony, the c , justices may at their discretion remand him to prison i till he enter into recognizance, with two sureties for his good behaviour, for any time not exceeding seven years.

Parliament.

THE oath of qualification for a feat in Parliament, by 9 An. c, 5.

estate, may be adminillred upon reasonable requed made by the returning officer or two justices; who shall in three months certify the same into the chancery or king's bench.

— But this is not to extend to the elded son of a peer, or of any person qualified to serve as knight of a shire, nor to the members for either of the two universities.

No person shall be admitted to vote under the age of zi j&tff'.t.zy years.

Every elefior of a knight of the shire shall have land or tenement to the value of 40s. by the year at lead above re-prizes. — And by the 10 H. 6. c. z. the said 40s. a year shall ,be freehold.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without 18 C. a. c. 18, having a freehold estate in the county, of the clear yearly value of 40s. over and above all rents and charges payable out of the same.

No person shall vote for a knight of the shire, without 14. having been in the actual possession of the estate for which he votes, or in the receipt of the rents or profits thereof for his own use, above 1 z calendar months; unless the same came to him by defeent, marriage, marriage-settlement, devise, or promotion to a benefice or office.

The of of the land tax shall canfe to be deli- g. 3. c. 17. vered to each assessor, a printed form of an assessment, who shall make three duplicates of such assessments, and shall (at lead 14 days before delivering the assessment to the of) cause one of the said duplicates, or a fair copy thereof, to be duck up upon the door of the church or chapel.

And if the name of any owner entitled to vote shall not appear to be inserted in the adeflment, he may, on giving notice in writing to one of the asseljors, appeal to the said

of,

' Parliament.

of, who shall amend the assessment as they shall let cause: and cause one of the duplicates so amended (after having been signed and sealed by the said of or any three of them) to be returned to the afiessors; who shall within ten days deliver the same to the chief constable, taking his receipt for the same. And the chief constable shall deliver upon oath such duplicate, without alteration, at the next sessions, in open court, the first day of the sessions, to the clerk of the peace, to be by him filed and kept among,! the records. — And if the assessor shall not deliver such duplicate so amended to the chief constable; or if the chief conlla. ble shall neglect to deliver the same to the clerk of the peace, or wilfully alter the same; he shall forfeit 5I. and if not immediately paid, the justices at the Michaelmas sessions shallby

order of the court issue a warrant of dillrefs_But if the chief

constable shall make oath at such sessions, that such duplicate was not delivered to him by the assessor, the said fine shall be imposed upon such assessor or assessors; and the justices shall by order of court issue a warrant of distress — The said fines to be paid to the treasurer, and applied as part of the count; (lock.

And when any assessment shall not have been made hv the aiTcflors and returned to the chief constable, and by him to the clerk of the peace ; the justices in sessions, or any two justices out of sessions, may order such assessments forthwith to be made and returned in manner aforesaid.

And if any person shall think himself aggrieved lie-may aj-peal to the justices at the next sessions, giving ten .days notice thereof to one of the of who signed the duplicate, and to one of the assessors of the place where the dial; lies; ami the sessions may award colls to either of the panic;, and by their order or warrant levy the same by distress.

if the said commissioners, or the said justices ir, fession;, upon any appeal shall iufert the names of any persons who have been improperly emitted; such persons shall be deemed to be rated as ciieclually, as if the names of such persons had been originally inierted.

If any commissioner or officer employed in the customs, n-cite, or stamp duties, or any branch of them, or any felt-officer, cr surveyor, collector, or manager of the window da-duties, or the mailers or mates of packets employed in carrying mails, shall vote at elections for knights of the shire, &c. while they hold, or within 1 a calendar months after they toll have censed to execute, any of these offices, such votes (iiall he null and void; and every person offending again!! this fc-turc, shall forfait the sum of tool, one moiety to the informer, and the other to be paid into the hands of thetrea-farerof the county, to be applied by the justices, as they shall think lit, a: the next general quarter-sessions. But lib

Parliament. 20#

tnfl.tmd the penalties thereof, flxall not extend to such persons as arc of of the land tax, or to any perfort acting by their appointment in assessing, collecting, or managing the land tax, or-any other .rates and duties imposed by authority of parliament.

Before the returning officer shall proceed to the election, zG.i. c.ti. he shall, immediately after the reading of the writ, take and ihbscribe the following oath, to be administered by a justice of the peace or any three electors: I A. B. dofolemnly Jkvcar,

That Ihave not, direBly or indirectly, received any sum or finis, if mill)', office, place, or employment, gratuity, or reward, or. any bond, bill-, or note, or any promije of gratuity whatsoever, tither by myself, or any other person to my use or benefit or advantage, for making any return at the present cleSion of members it fir-ve in-parliament; and that I'will return fitch person or per- 1 full titfiiall, to the befi of my judgment, appear to me to have the majority of legal voles. Which oath shall be entered amongst '

the records of the feflionsi

Partition.

IF the high sheriff cannot conveniently be present at the ex- s&glKc. jt.

ccution of any judgment in partition, ih such case the under sheriff, in presence of two julliccs, may proceed to execution of the writ of'partition.

Pawning.

JF any person shall knowingly and defigttedly pawn, or ex- 30 G. 2. c. u-change, or unlawfully dispose of the goods of any other person, not being employed or authorized by the owner so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one witness, orconfession, before one justice, he shall forfeit 20s. or be committed to the house of correction, or some other public prison, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for fourteen days, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid: and if within three days before the expiration of the said fourteen days the said forfeiture shall not be paid, the said justice, upon application of the prosecutor, shall order him to be publickly,whipped in such house of correction or prison, or in some open public place of the city, division, town, or place wherein the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice shall seem proper. The said forfeitures, when recovered, are to be applied towards making satisfaction to the

party

20$

joC.i. t.

Mr

li.

Pawning.

party injured, and defraying the coils of the prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by such justice; but if the party injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and colb, or if there be any overplus of the same, then such forfeitures or overplus shall be paid to the overseers for the use of the poor of the parish or place where the offence was committed, f. And every person, who shall take any goods by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, shall forthwith enter or cause to be entered in a fair and regular manner, in a book to be kept for that purpose, a description of such goods, and the sum advanced thereon, the day and year, and the name and place of abode of the person by whom they were pawned, and also the name and place of abode of the owner, according to the information of the person so pawning the same; and shall at the same time give a duplicate or copy to the person so pawning the same, if required; on paying to him a halfpenny, if the goods are pawned for less than 20s. and a penny, if pawned for 20s. and not more than 5I. and zd, if for any larger sum : and in default of making such entry and giving such duplicate or copy if required, he shall forfeit 5I. bydit tress by warrant of one justice, to be applied to the use of tit poor as aforesaid.

And if it shall appear or be proved to the satisfaction cf such justice upon oath, that any of the goods so pawned ate become or have been rendered of less value than the same woe at the time of pawning thereof, through the default, neglect, or wilful misbehaviour of the person to whom they woe pawned; the said justice shall award a reasonable satisfaction to the owner in respect of such damage, and the sum so a. warded shall be deaudted out of the principal, and interest,

. and allowance for warehouse room, which shall appear to b: due to the person to whom they were pawned. '

If any person shall knowingly buy or take in as a pledge, any linen or apparel entrusted to any other person to waft, scour, iron, mend, or make up; and shall be convified thereof, on the oath of one witness, or confession, before one jullkc; he shall forfeit double the sum given or lent oa the same, to the poor, to be recovered as other forfeitures by this act; and shall be obliged to reilore the said goods to tie owner in presence of the justice.

If any person who shall offer by way of pawn, exchange, or sale, any goods, shall not be able or shall refuse to give a fattsfaflory account of himself, or of the means by which It became possessed thereof; or if there should be any other ret son to suspect that such goods are ilolen, or otherwise illt gaily obtained; it shall be lawful for any person, his servant <jr agents, to whom the same shall be offered, to seize and de tain such person and the said goods, and to deliver him a soon as conveniently may be into the custody of the conilabl

Pawning. 209

or other peace officer, who shall immediately convey such person and the said goods before a justice; and if such justice shall upon examination and enquiry have cause to fuiped that the said goods were Men, or illegally or clandestinely ob. rained, he may commit him to safe custody for any time not exceeding fix, days, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said examinations it shall appear to the fa-usfaction of such justice, that the said goods were stolen or illegally obtained, he shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be dealt with according to law. Provided nevertheless, that if such goods so feiv.ed and detained as aforesaid shall afterwards appear to be the property of the person who offered the same to be l pawned,' exchanged, or fold, or that he was authorized by the owner thereof to pawn, exchange, or fell the same; the : person who shall so seize or detain the party who offered the I Aid goods shall be indemnified for having so done.

!' And if the owner of any goods unlawfully pawned, pledged 30 G.2. ' *4-; or exchanged, shall make out cither on his oath, or by the i cath of one witness before one justice, that such owner hath ; had his gaods unlawfully obtained or taken away from him, i and that there is just cause to suspect that any person within I the jurisdiction of such justice hath knowingly and unlawfully i taken to pawn, byway of pledge, or in exchange, any goods of such owner, and without his privity of authority; and.-'

shall make appear'to the satisfaction of such justice, probable grounds for such the owner's suspicion; such justice toy i/l'ue his warrant for searching in the day-time the house, ware-hoiifoj or other place of any such person so charged as afore-faiiij and if the occupier of such house, warehouse, or other place shall, on request to him made to open the same by any peace officer authorised to search there by warrant of such justice, refuse.'.to open and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful; for such peace officer to break open any such house, .'warehouse, or other, place in the day-time, and to search as ;he shall think fit therein for the goods suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage; and if any person shall eppole or,hinder any such search, and shall be thereof con-rifled before one justice by the oath of .one witness, he shall forfeit jl. and if the same shall not be immediately paid down, or within the space of Z4 hours, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction or some other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than five days, unless in the mean time the forfeiture shall be paid j and such forfeiture, when recovered, shall go to the poor: and if upon such search any of the goods shall be found, and the property of the owner shall be made out to the satisfaction of such justice by the oath.

E e of

210

5o G. 2. c.

U.

U.

of one witness or confession, such justice shall thereupon came the same to be forthwith reitored to the owner.

14. If the person who took the goods in pawn, shall neg. left or refuse. to deliver back the goods so pawned for any sum not exceeding the principal fam of iol. to the person who borrowed the money thereon, and tendering within tiro years the principal money borrowed thereon, and all interest due for the same, and such charges for warehouse room, 55 shall be agreed on at the time of pawning the same; then, and in such case, on oath thereof made by the pawner, or some other credible person, any justice of th.e.place where tit person who took such pawn shall dwell, on the application of the borrower, shall cause such person to come before Ho, and shall examine on oath the parties themselves, and such other credible persons as shall appear before him, touching the premises: and on due proof of the fasts.'the said justice shall, by order under his hand, direct the goods so pawned forthwith to be delivered to the pawner: and if the lender shall neglect, or refuse to deliver up, or make satisfaction for such goods, he shall commit the party refusing to the house: of correction, or some other public prison, until he shall de- j liver up, or make satisfaction for the said goods.

No fee or gratuity shall be taken for any summons or warrant, granted by any justice in pursuance of this act, so fa as the same relates to goods pawned, taken in exchange, or unlawfully disposed of.

Any justice, unto whom complaint upon oath shall be made of any offence committed against this act, shall issue his warrant for bringing before him, or some other justice of fuel place, the person charged with such offence; and the justice before whom he is brought, shall hear and determine the matter, and proceed to judgment' and conviction : and if it shall'l appear, upon oath, so the satisfaction of such justice, that any! person within his jurisdiction can give material evidence on1 behalf of the prosecutor, or of the person accused, yet will not voluntarily appear; lie shall issue his summons, and if ht shall neglect or refuse to appear on such summons (on proof upon oath of the summons haying been duly served upon him) he shall issue his warrant to bring such; witness before him; and on his appearance, if he shall refuse to be examined on oath, without offering just cause for such refusal, the jullict shall commit him to the public prison for any time not exceeding three months: and if on such examination the justice shall deem the evidence of any such witness to be material, he may bind-over such witness, unless a femme-covert, or under the age of 21 years, by recognizance in a reasonable penalty, to appear and give evidence at the next sessions or al-ffzcs.

Pawning. . ait

No person charged on oath with being guilty of any of the G , ,

offences punishable by this act, and which shall requirebail, 3 -

shall be admitted to bail before 24 hours' notice at leal! shall be proved by oath to have been'given in writing to the pro-'

I fccutor, of the names and places of abode of the persons pro-j poled to be bail for any such offender, unless the bail offered j shall be well known to the justice, and he shall approve' of ; them.

The justice before whom any person shall be convicted upon u,

tin's aft, shall cause the conviction to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect following;

----- --5 remembered, that 011 this ----- --- day of ----- -- —

To wit, I in the ----- ----- year of his majesty's- reign, A. B.

is cmmicled before — --- of his majesty's justices of the peace

its the salt! county of ----- -- [or, for the riding, or diviston,

if the said county of ----- --Or, for the city, liberty, or tenon,

if ----- -: as the case shall be] for ----- ----- ----- ---- and-

tk[aid ----- ----- -do adjudge him (or her) to pay and forfeitfor

A: same, the font of ----- -. Given under ----- ----- --- the day

ad year aforesaid.

The same to be written upon parchment, and transmitted to jj the next sessions,' to be filed amongst the records; and if any person shall appeal to the said sessions, the justices there shall, upon receiving the said conviction, ptoceed to hear and determine the matter.

If any person convicted of any offence punishable by this jj_ aft, shall think himself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice before whom he shall have been convicted, he may appeal to the next sessions, and the execution of the judgment Mi in such case be suspended, the person convicted entering into recognizance at the time of the conviction, with two fnretics in double the sum he shall have been adjudged to pay, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with efieft, and to le forthcoming to abide the judgment and determination of the said sessions.

Justices acting under this statute shall be indemnified as by ikzi G. 2. c. 44.

Perjury and Subornation.

DERJURY by the common law seemeth to be a wilful false t H 1 oath, by one, who being.lawfully required to depose the 3 null in any judicial proceeding, swears absolutely, in a mat-?(material to the point in quellion, whether he be believed :'f not.

E e 2 Subornation

212

1 Haw. 177.

5 SL e. 9,

JA

iA

Perjury and Subornation.

Subornation of perjury, by the common law, ferns to be an offence, in procuring a man to take a false oath, amounting to perjury, who actually taketh'such oath.

As to subornation of perjury, by the statute, every person-who shall unlawfully and corruptly procure any witticfs to commit any wilful and corrupt perjury, in any matter or cause depending in suit and variance, in'chancery, or in any court of record; or shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any witness, which shall be sworn to testify in perpitma ret meimriam, shall forfeit 40I. half to the king, and half to the party grieved who shall sue for the same. And if he has not lands dr goods worth 40I. he shall be i'mprisoned half ' a year, and Hand on the pillory one whole hour in some map ket town next adjoining to the place where the offence was, committed, in open market there, or in the market-town it-self where the offence was committed. And he shall be dif. abled to be a witness in any court of record.

‘ And as to perjury, if any person either by subornation or otherwise, shall wilfully and corruptly commit any wilful perjury, by his deposition in any of the courts before mentioned, or being examined ad perpeiuam rei memoriam, he shall forfeit 20I. in like manner, and be imprisoned six months; and if He has not goods worth 20I. he shall be set on the pillory in some market place within the shire, city, dr borough where the offence was committed, by the sheriff or head officer respectively, and have both his ears nailed.' And he shall is for ever disabled to be a witness in any court of record.

And the judge of the court where the perjury shall be, and the judges of assize, and justices of the peace in sessions, m esquire, hear," and determine thereof, by inquisition, preferment, bill, or information, or otherwise.'

Petition.

NO person shall solicit above 20 hands to any petition to the king,' or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established by law'in church'or Hate, unless tit matter thereof hath been consented to by three or more juffitei of the county, or by the major'pa'rt of the grand juryatthi affixes or sessions; or if arising in tondonj by the lord mayor, aldermen, and common council'; tior shall present any such petition accompanied with more than ten persons, on pain of a flint not exceeding tool, and three months imprisonment, on conviction at the assizes or sessions in six months, and proved by two witnesses. ' I

Pcwtftj

Pewter and other Metals,

THE matter and wardens of the craft of pewterers, and i9 a. t. 6.

where there are none such, the'head and governors of the city or borough, may appoint searchers; and the justices at Michaelmas feifions shall appoint two persons, having experience therein, to search within the county: and of all un-i lawful pewter or brass which they shall find, half shall be to the king, and half to the searchers.

No person using the crafts of pewterer and brazier shall fell U. or change any pewter or brass, at any place, but only in open fair or market, or in his own dwelling hottfe, except he be desired by the buyer of such ware; on pain of 10I. half to the king, and half to him who shall seize or sue.

Every person who shall buy or receive any pewter pot, or 21G, 3, a (jt)> other pewter, knowing the same to be stolen, Sic. shall, on conviction, although the principal felon has not been convicted of Healing the same, be transported as a felon for seven years, or be detained in prison, and therein kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three years, nor Iefs than one year; and within that time (if such court shall think fitting) such offender or offenders shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three times, publickly whipped.

Pillory and Tumbrel;

SEEING the judgment to the pillory or tumbrel doth 3 Infi.zig.

make the delinquent infamous, the justices of the peace Ihonld be well advised before they give judgment of any personr to this punishment, unless they have good warrant for that judgment therein. Fine and imprisonment, for offences fineable by them, is a fair and sure way.

Plague.

THEN quarantine shall be appointed, the justices of the 9 in 1. counties adjoining, or one of them, shall forthwith cause watches to be kept by day and night, in the most proper and convenient places, within the several adjacent parishes;

who

214

26 G, 2.

9 'An 4 c*

*6 G.r.

Plague.

who shall not permit any person whatsoever to come on ihorc from, or go on board any ships under quarantine, except only ' such as shall have the charge of seeing the quarantine duly performed, or such as shall be licensed by such person having of the quarantine. . c> 6. And if any superintendant of the quarantine, or watchman, t shall neglect his duty, he shall be-guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

If any person shall come on shore, dr go aboard any other ship, the persons appointed for seeing quarantine duly performed, may compel him to return and continue during the quarantine: and such person so leaving such ship, and being thereof (after expiration of the quarantine) convicted by oath of one witness, before one justice near, shall forfeit not exceeding 20I. to be paid immediately to such justice, who may -reward the informer thereout not exceeding a third part; and pay the remainder (charges dcdiifted) to the poor of the parish where the conviction shall be; and'in'default of payment, he may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to : hard labour not exceeding one month. j

g. When any part of Great-Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jer- j fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, France, Spain, Portugal, or the Low Countries shall be infested, the king by proclamation may prohibit all small boats and vessels under the burden of 20 tons, from failing out of port, till security be first given by the mailer, to the satisfaction of the principal officer of the customs, or chief magistrate of the port, by bond to the king with sureties, in the penalty of 300I. that lie shall not go to or touch at any place mentioned in1 the proclamation ; and that the in,after and every mariner and passenger shall, during the time aforesaid, not go on board any other vessel at sea; and that he shall not permit any person to come on board such boat or vessel at fca; and shall not receive any goods out of any other1 vessel j for which bond no fee shall be taken. And if such boat or vessel shall fail before such security given, the same, together with the tackle and furniture, shall be forfeited to the king; and the mailer and every mariner therein, being thereof convicted, on his appearance or default, on oath of one witness, by one justice where the offender shall be found, shall forfeit zol. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parish where the offender shall be found, by distress; ana , for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed to prison so: three months.

Whenever the king, with the advice and consent of parliament, shall direct lazarets to be provided, for receiving of persons obliged to perform quarantine, or for airing of goods, it shall be lawful to erefl the same, either in any waste grounds or commons, or where there are not sufficient, in the several grounds of any person whatsoever, not being a house, park,

' garden,'

215

Plague.

garden, orchard, yard,' or planted walk, or avenue, to a house, paying for the same as shall be agreed on between the persons interested, and any two persons appointed by the king under his sign manual; and if they cannot agree, then the fjid two persons shall, 30 days before the sessions, give to the occupier a notice in writing, describing the quantity of ground, and purporting that the consideration for the same will be settled by a jury at such sessions. And the justices there, on proof of such notice, shall charge the jury which shall attend there (or some other jury to be then and there impanelled and returned by the sheriff without fee) and cause them to be sworn, well and truly to assess the value of such grounds, to whom the parties may have their challenges; and the ver-distofthesaid jury, and the judgment of the justices thereupon, shall be conclusive, and finally bind all parties; and thereupon the king shall hold such grounds for such term as he shall judge necessary, paying for the same such rent or other consideration as shall be so assessed.

The lords of the treasury may contraS for an absolute pur- G..

chafe of such land, messuages, and tenements, to be vested in the crown unalienably: and if the parties cannot agree, the price shall be settled at the sessions as aforesaid, on giving like notice to the owner.

The mayor, headoflicers, and justices of the peace of every city, borough, town corporate, and places privileged, or any woof them, may assess every inhabitant, and all houses of habitation, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, forthereasonable relief of persons infcfled with the plague, or inhabiting in infefted houses, and levy the same By warrant; and if the party to whom the warrant is directed shall not find any goods to levy the same, then upon return thereof, they shall by warrant cause the person to be arrested, and committed to gaol till he shall pay.

If the inhabitants of such place shall find themselves unable, to relieve all such persons, or if the infection shall be in a town where there arc no justices, or in a village or hamlet, then two justices of the county may afi'efs the inhabitants of the county, within five miles of the place infefted, at such weekly sums as they shall think lit, for the reasonable relief of persons infected ; to be levied by their warrant by falc of goods, and in default thereof, by imprisonment as aforesaid.

After quarantine performed, and on proof thereof by the 6£, ( 6

oaths of the mailer and two other person^ of the ship, or by the oaths of two credible witnesses before the customer, comptroller, or collector of that or the next port, or their depu- . tics, or a justice near, and that the vessel and every fitch person are free from infection ; and after producing a certificate thereof signed by the chief officer who superintended the quarantine;

216

Plague.

rantine; such officer of the customs, together with the fail justice, shall give a certificate thereof (gratis), and thereupon the vessel and every such person shall be liable to no farther restraint.

s6 G. 2. r. 6. All goods liable to quarantine shall be opened and aired, as by such orders shall be directed ; and after such order hath , been complied with, and a certificate thereof given by the

chief officer appointed tofuperintend the quarantine and airing of such goods, and proof made thereof'by the oaths of two witnesses before the customer, comptroller; or- collector of the , next port, or any of their deputies, or any justice living near;

on certificate and return of such proof by such ciiftomhouse officer to the of of the customs, they or two of them by their order shall discharge'the same.

2d. And if any person shall take any fee .for such oath, order,.

or certificate, lie shall forfeit iool. half to the king, andhalf to him that shall sue,

2d. And if any superin tendant of the quarantine, or watchman, ,

shall in such case give a false certificate; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

Players.

toff. 2. f. sS. in'VERY person who shall for hire, gain, or reward, ad, P, or cause to be acted, any play or other entertainment of the (lage, or any part therein, if he shall have no legal la-tlcment where he acts,-without authority from the king or the lord chamberlain, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond--within the 12 Jin.' (which act is repealed ; ;but the same is k-enacted by the 17 G. z. c. 5.) — Orotherwise he shall forfeit 50I. in which case he shall not also suffer as a vagrant.

The penalties may be recovered in the courts at Wclbnin-"* Her; or before two justices, by the oath of one witness,

confession, to be levied by diltrefsand for want of sufficicat diilrefs, the offender to be committed to the house of correction, not exceeding six months, to be kept to hard labour; or to the common gaol, not exceeding six months, without bail or mainprize: persons aggrieved by order of the justice may appeal to the next sessions: the said penalties to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the poor.

But by special acts of parliament playhouses are permitted to be ercfled in particular places.

Polygamy

Polygamy,

IF any person within his majesty's dominions of England and i J. c. it, Wales, being married, shall marry any person, the former husband or wife being alive; such offence shall be felony (but within clergy).

This act shall not extend to any person, whose husband or li, wife shall be continually remaining beyond the seas, by the space ofseven years together.

Nor to any person whose husband or wife shall absent him jj, orhcrfclf, the one from the other, by the space of seven years together, in any part of his majesty's dominions, the one of them not knowing the other to be living within that time.

Nor to any person who shall be, at the time of such mar- /</, riage, divorced by sentence in the ecclesiastical court.

On a prosecution upon-this statute, the first and true wife is j c$t, tiot to be allowed as a witness against the husband; but it seems clear, that the second wife may be admitted to prove the fe. cond marriage, for lhe is not his wife so much as defatio,

Poor.

IF any person shall Be aggrieved by any thing done or 17 G. s. c. 38.

omitted by the churchwardens and overseers, or by any of his majesty's justices of the peace, lie may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, where the same shall be lteard, and finally determined; but if reasonable notice be not given,

then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions;

! and the court may award reasonable costs to either party,' as they may do by 8 and 9 W. in case of appeals concerning fet-tlcments.

Appointment of overseers, with their duty thereupon.

THE churchwardens of every parish, and four, three, or 43 El, c. 2, two substantial houlholders there, as shall be thought meet, having respect to the greatness of the parish, to be nominated yearly in Easter week, or within one month after Ealler, un«

F f der

-2T#

u.

Sti\ 1004* Str. 1261. 17 G. 2. c.

43 F.l. t. 2.

Poor. (Overseers.)

der the hand and seal of two or more justices of the peace in the same county, (1 dwelling in or near the parish or division, shall be called overseers of the poor of the same pari fh.

I f any overseer shall die, or remove, or become insolvent, before the expiration of his- office, two justices (on oadi there. of made) may appoint another in his Head.

And if in any place there shall be no such nomination of overseers as is before appointed, every justice of the division shall forfeit 5I. to the poor of fitch place, to be levied by the church-wardens and overseers, or one of them, by dillrcls, by warrant from the sessions.

An.extraparochial place, not having the reputation of a vill is not liable to maintain its own poor.

Overseers mull be described, in pursuance of the words of the statute, as fnbltantial householders in the said parish.

;8. The overseers thus appointed, and taking upon them the

office, shall within 14 days receive the books of aMment:

and of accounts, from their predecessors, and what money and materials shall be in their hands, and reimburse them theirs-.rears.

And they shall take order from time to time, with the consent of two such justices as aforesaid, for setting to work the children of all such, whose parents shall not by the said church-wardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain them; and also for let-ting to work all such persons, married, or unmarried, having no means to maintain them, and using no ordinary nnd daily trade. Which said churchwardens and overseers, or such cf them as shall not be let by iickncfs or other just ex'cufe, to hr allowed by two such justices, shall meet at lead once amonih, in the church, on. Sunday in the-afternoon, after divine fen-vice, there to consider of some good conrfe to be -taken, and order to be set down in the premises: upon pain that -every one of them absenting themselves without lawful cause, from such monthly meeting, or being negligent in their office, shall forfeit for every default 20s. to the .poor; to be levied by fotnc or one of the churchwardens and , overseers, by warrant from two such justices, by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the fail forfeiture shall be paid. Provided that if any person shall be aggrieved by any act done by the said churchwardens and other persons, he may appeal to the general quarter-session;, whole order therein shall bind all parties.-

Of

Poor] [OverJeers.) 219

..Of persons having no settlement.

WITHIN 40 days after any poor persons dial I come to j; 14 C.

settle in any.tencment under 10I. a year, two justices (1 l£.) ' may remove them to the place where they were last legally settled. Unless they give sufficient feenrity for discharge of the parish;: to be allowed by the said justices.

If any person, who shall come into any pariflt or place there S S' 9 IF. c. 30. to reside, shall at the same time procure, bring, and deliver to the churchwardens or overseers of the parish or place or to any of them, a certificate,' under the hands and seals of the churchwardens and overseers of any other parish, or the major part' of them, or of the overseers where tlicre- are no .churchwardens.;, to be attested by two or more credible wic-nesses; thereby owning and acknowledging the person mentioned in the said certificate, to be an inhabitant legally settled in that parish, township, of place; every such certificate, having been-allowed of and subscribed by two justices of the place, shall oblige the said parish or place, from which the certificate shall come, to receive and provide for the person,mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that pariflt, whenever they shall ltap-pen.to become chargeable to, or be forced to alk relief of the parish, township, or place, to which certificate was given:

And then and not before, it shall be lawful for such person, and his children, tho'born in that pariflt,- not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be removed, conveyed , and settled in the parish' or place, from whence such certificate was brought.

Ho person, who shall come into any pnrish.by such certifi. 9 @ 10 IK cate, shall be adjudged by any act whatsoever to have pro- 11. cured a legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and Iona side take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of lot, or shall execute some annual office in such parish.

If any person shall be an apprentice or a hired servant, to n A*. ft. t. any person who came into any pariflt by means of a certift- iS* cate, and hath not afterwards gained a legal settlement there; such apprentice or servant Stall not be adjudged thereby to have any settlement in such pariflt.

The witnesses whoatteft the execution- of the certificate by 3 G.:. 59.

the churchwardens and overseers, or one of the said witnesses, shall make oath before the justices who are to allow the same, that such witness or witnesses did fee the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, whose names and fealy are thereunto subscribed and set, severally sign and fe3l the said certificate; and that their names are of their own proper hand-writing:

220

Which said just ices shall also certify, that such oath was madt before them. And every such certificate so allowed, and oaih of the execution thereof so certified by the said justices, Hull be allowed, in all courts whatsoever, and received as evi. dence, without other proof thereof.

Certain general rules concerning certificates.

A parish cannot be compelled to grant a certificate. A certificate is not binding unless signed by the

Burrvafs Sail. THE justices are not obliged ministerially to allow and lign tjfi581. a certificate,. They have a discretion to allow it,'or not to allow it, if it be liable to objection. And if it is not a ccr-tificate within the act (which it is not, unless properly signed) it cannot conclude the parish.

A certificate extends

S IS 9 )K c. 30. NOT only to the certificate man himself, but likewifeto ill ! his family and all his children, whether born before' or aftu the certificate.

A certificate is conclusive against the parish certifying.

Salk. 533. Because a certificate is a solemn ‘acknowledgment whereby the party' is owned to be legally' settled there: and as all otbtr parishes on this certificate are bound to receive him, so the parish' that certifies is'concluded ;as to all other parishes.

A certificate is not binding against a subsequent let-"dement.' ''

3 253. A certificate promiling to receive the persons wheneva

they become chargeable, is. not conclusive against a settlement obtained afterwards; for tho' it be according to the agreement between the parishes, yet a. private agreement in this respect shall not alter the law. 1

‘ Appendix, No. 59. - %

A ccr*

221

A certificate is not restrictive from gaining a settle-ment in a third parish.

A certificate provides for the security of that parish only Burma's Scut into which the certificate persons came to reside by virtue of Cu/. 1S6, such certificate j but doth not exclude a certificate person from gaining a settlement in another parish, in the same manner as any other person may do. '

A certificate is discharged by an estate of a man's own.

A man may not be removed from his own, whether it come 3 £? to to him by descent,' devise,' or purchase; arid continuing thereon 40 days,' he shall thereby gain a settlement, provided that in case of purchase, the consideration paid amount hsa side to the fuiri of 30I.

A certificate is discharged by a removal.

THE law is so far from looking upon a certificate as con- Burma's Sail. tilting after an order of removal, that the pauper cannot re-Ca/o,373, torn to the place from which he was removed, without incurring a penalty.

A certificate is discharged by the pauper's deserting it.

THE certificate aft fays, that the apprentice shall not gain id, 5-7. .'.settlement in the parish to which his mailer came by certificate. But if this apprentice hath gained an intermediate settlement, he ought to be lent to that settlement which he hath intermediately gained.

Of. settlement by birth.

Of bastards.

A Ballard child is frima facie settled where born: and this was'the antient genuine settlement: but this rule admits'of divers exceptions.

If

222

Cafes of S. 66*

3 Sail. 66. Cafsi o/s. 66. 11.

S'

13 C. 3.Sr iff. C. J'.'i

3-: .

Poor. (Settlement by birtk)

If a woman comes into a place by privity and collusion of the officers where (he. belongs, and is there delivered of a bastard, such bastard gains no settlement, notwithstanding its birth. ;

If a woman big with child of a bastard, and settled in one parish, is persuaded to go into another,' and there be delivered ; this fraud will make the parish chargeable where the mother was settled, though the child was not born there.

. If a bastard is born under , an order of removal, and before the mother can be lent to the place of settlement, being hindered by water or otherwise, such bastard shall not be settled where so born, but at the mother's settlement.

If the officers are carrying a woman by virtue of an order of removal, and {he be delivered on the road in transttu, the ' bastard shall go with the mother where fhc is going, by virtue of the order, notwithstanding the birth.

Where any woman, wandering and begging, shall be delivered of a child, in any parish or place, to which fhc doth not belong, and thereby shall become chargeable to the same, the churchwardens or overseers may detain her, till they eta safely convey her to a justice of the peace. And if such woman shall be detained and conveyed to a justice as aforesaid, the child of which file is delivered, if a bastard, shall sot be settled in the place where so born, nor be sent thither by a vagrant pals; but the settlement of such woman shall lie deemed the settlement of such child.

A child born in the hqufe of correction, shall be sent to the place of its mother's settlement.

A ballavd born in a lying-in hc/pital, shall follow the mo-tliev's settlement.

if a woman come into a parish by certificate, and be there'-delivered of a bastard, that child shall not be included in the certificate as part of the family, but shall be settled where born.

Yet it seems, that the bastard child shall go with titc bo- 1 titer for nurture, till seven years, and be maintained at the charge of the parish where the mother is settled.

Of legitimate children.

THE lather's settlement is the settlement of the children, when it can be found out; otherwise the birth of tire child prints fade is the settlement of the child, until there is another settlement found out. If they cannot f.nd oat the legal settlement of the father, the birth is the settlement of the child. The fetticmerrt by birth is only Kumrfpic they tind the father's settlement; and if they never can find shat, St is absolute up-era them.

'Of

223

Poor. (Settlement with the Parents.)

OF the settlement of children with their parents.

THE birth of legitimate children doth not give them a Fo/ry. 269, settlement, except where the settlement of their father and mother is not known, and then only till it is known.

A child of seven years of age may be bound apprentice to a j El. c. 5. (hipwright, fisherman, owner of a ship, or other person tiling the trade of thefeas; and by the vagrant act of the 17 G. z, a vagrant's child of that age may by the justices be put out an apprentice: And as soon as he shall have refrded and lodged in a parish for 40 days under the indenture, he will have thereby gained a settlement. So that the precise time, when a person may have gained a settlement in his own right, is at the age of seven years and 40 days.

Where a father gains a second settlement after the birth of Sir. 580. his child, that settlement is immediately communicated to the child. And'a child may be sent to the place of his father's settlement, without ever having been there before.

The place where a bastard is born, is the place of his fet- 3 259.

tlrment, unless there is some trick to charge the parish; but the place where legitimate children are born, is not the place of their settlement; for let that be where it will, the children arc settled where their parents are settled.

Tho' the place of the birth of a child, where the father Sir. 5S0.. hath no settlement, is the place of the settlement of the child, yet where the father hath gained a settlement, his children, though born in another parish, shall be looked on as settled at the place of their father's lad legal settlement, and shall be removed thither, as well after the death of their father, if occasion requires, as in his life-time, supposing they have gained t no settlement of their own.

Jf the father dies before the child is born, yet the child *9 V«ur. 382.

! fall he settled where the father was settled before his death.

' If a widow, by renting iol. a year, gains a new settlement, 254. her children arc settled witlt her.

But if a woman marry again to a man settled in another A. Raym. 1473. parish, her children by her former hulbnnd mud go with her for nurture, yet they are 110 part of her second husband's family; and therefore gain no settlement in the parish where the father-in-law is settled.

Those under seven years of age shall be kept at the charge 3 239.

of the other parish, where their father whild living was settled; and to that parish' they may be sent after seven years old, as to the place of their lawful settlement.

The child's settlement follows that of its father, if the fa- ^,t!'

titer's can be found; and no recourse shall be had to the mo- c*'' ther's settlement, till that of the father can be traced no further.

Where

224 Poor. [Segment with the Parents)

Halt. CH. J. Where a child is first known to be, that parish mull provide

for it, till they find another.

Of settlement by apprenticeship.

13 & 14 c. a. c. 12.

1 J. 2. c. 17.

3W. c. 11.

12 As. J!. 1.

c. lH.

31 G. 2. c. 11.

Sura,

Cafes cf S. 155.

ON complaint by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, within 40 days after any person shall come to settle in any parish, bn any tenement under 10I. a year, two justices (t fj.) may remove him to the place where he was lafi legally settled, either as a native, hbuiholder, sojourner, apprentice, or servant, for the space of 40 days at the lead.

The said 40 days shall be reckoned, not from the time of his coming to inhabit, but from the time of his delivering notice in writing: and by fW. c. n. not from the time of delivering such notice, but from the time of the publication of such notice in the church.

If any person shall be bound an apprentice by indenture, and inhabit in any town or parish, such binding and inhabitation shall be adjudged a good settlement, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published;

If any person, after June 24, 1713, shall be an apprentice bound by indenture to any person redding tinder a certificate, in any parish, and not afterwards having gained a legal fet-tlcment in such parish, such apprentice, by virtue of such apprenticcship, shall not gain any settlement in such parish.

No person who shall have been bound an apprentice, by any deed, writing, or contract, not indented, being first legally stamped, shall be liable to be removed from the place where he was so bound and resident 40 days, by any order of removal, or order of sessions, by reason only of such writing not being indented.

An apprentice may gain a settlement, whilst his mailer, not renting 10I. a year, gains none. In such case, the maltu being removed, may apply to the justices so compel the apprentice to go with him.

If the mailer runs away, the apprentice is not sufficiently fui juris to hire himself, nor can he gain a settlement, till his indentures be legally cancelled.

Of settlement by service.

3 W. e. 11. IF any unmarried person, -not having child or children, shall be lawfully hired into any parish or town for one year, such service shall be adjudged and deemed a good settlement therein.

8 S' 9 If', c. 30. No such person so hired as aforesaid, shall be adjudged or

deemed to have a good settlement in any such parish or town-

ihif,

225

Poor. (Settlement by /mice.)

[ ship, unless such person shall continue and abide in the same I service during the space of one whole year, j Ifany person after June 24, 1713, shall be a hired servant I4 with any person, who did come into, or shall reside in any pa- <. 18. rish, township, or place, by means or licence of a certificate, and not afterwards having gained a legal settlement in such parish, township, or place ; such servant shall not gain any settlement in such parish, township, or place, by reason of such hiring or service, but shall have his settlement as if he had not been an hired servant to such person.

If a man, who has a daughter married and settled elsewhere. Cafes e/S. 7. hires himself for a year, and serves the year, he gains a settlement by the service, tho' not ftriflly a single man.

If a man hired for a year marries, having served half a year, 4 Salk. 527. the marriage doth not hinder the service; if the man performs the service, he gains a settlement.

All hiring for a few days, lhort of a year, for the purpose Cafn o/S. So, of avoiding a settlement, will be considered as fraudulent; 11 arrow's Stt, and the service will be allowed to make a good settlement. ty. 243.

Less than 40 days residence in any parish will not gain a settlement: but if the cpntradl be for a year, and the service be performed (suppose at sea, or in distant journies) the residence need not be 40 days successively; it is sufficient if within the year he resides 40 days in the whole.

Where there is a hiring for a year, and a service for a year, u. 156, and a continuance under the same service, it is sufficieijt to gain a settlement; and such settlement, mull be in the parish where it was performed the last 40 days.

Of settlement by marriage.

THE settlement of a woman in her husban'd's parish, being ^ c, I( a minor, and not having obtained the consent of his parents or guardians, set aside in the case of K, and Tenham.

A woman marrying a husband, who hath a known settle- Cafes of S. 89. merit, shall follow the husband's settlement. - Aytherp Reding

A wife can gain no- settlement, separate and distinct from jn,:c her husband, during the coverture!

A woman marrying a husband, that hath no kn-aw.n settle- M. 3. C. 3.

1 raent, doth not lose her former settlement, which Ihe had be-i fore marriage.-

Of settlement by continuing 40 days after notice.

THE 40 days continuance of a person in a parish, to make 1 J- 2. c. 17, a settlement, shall be accounted from the time of his delivering notice in writing, of the house of his abode, and the number G g of

226.. yW. c. ii.

Id.

W.

3:ifri.

Sf.' S53 .

V

I; fa 14 C. 2 c. I a.

I J. J. c. 17 3 c. 11.

Id.

Poor. (Settlement :by marriage.)

of his family, if he have any, to one of the churchwardens or

overseers of the parish to which he shall remove.

Which said notice in writing, the said churchwarden or overseer shall read, or fcaufc to be read, publickly, immediately after divine service, in the church or chapel, on the next Lord's day," when there shall be divine service in the same. And the said churchwarden or overseer shall regiller or cause to be regittred, the said notice in writing, in the book kepi for the poor's account.

And if any churchwarden or overseer shall refuse or neglect to read, or cause to be read fuclt notice in writing as aforesaid, he shall (on proof thereof by the oath of two witnesses before one justice) forfeit for every offence 40s. to the party grieved, by distress, by warrant directed to the constable of the parish or town where the offender dwells; and for want of fnflicient distress, the said justice shall commit him to the common gaol for one month. And if any churchwarden or overseer mail refuse or neglect to register, or cause to be rc-giftred, such notice in writing.; he shall, on the like Conviction, forfeit 40s. to the use of the poor of the parish or town where the offender dwells, to be levied as aforesaid; and for want of fulffcient distress, then the said justice shall commit him as aforesaid, for the time aforesaid.

N. B. No soldier, fcaman, shipwright, or other artificer, or worknjan in his majesty's service shall have any settlement in any parish, port-town, or other town, by delivering and publication of notice in writing, unless the same be after a difmiliion ofit of the service.

All persons not removable may become settled without giving notice, the notice being only intended where the person is removable.

When this notice given in writing has been omitted, the court has held all conllru&ive notices to be no legal settlement, such as, attending the leet, amending the highways, and doingwatch and ward.

Of settlement by paying parish rates.

FORTY- days inhabitancy shall gain a settlement,

Such 40 days are-to be reckoned from the delivering of no- ] tice in writing, and from the publication of such notice in the church.

But.if any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or parish, shall be charged with, and pay his (have, towards the public taxes or levies of the said town or parish, he shall be adjudged to have a legal settlement in the same, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

Bk

Poor. .{Settlement by rates.)- 227

But persons residing under a certificate-, shall gain no let- qigialt'.r.ii. tlement by being rated to and paying any inch levies, taxes, or assessments.

Payments for the repair of the church, the relief of the poor, 'and the land tax, have been adjudged sufficient to gain a settlement: but no payment for the repair of the highways,. or of the county bridges, or of the duties on houses and windows, shall make a good settlement.

Where the tenant is assessed to, and pays the land tax, tho' ihtm-.v's it be afterwards allowed by the landlord, and deducted out of Cafi 75. the rent, the tenant hereby gains a settlement: which is supposed to turn on the notice of inhabitancy, that arises from the party's being afiefled and paying the tax, which, is con-fulcred as tantamount to notice in writing.

Of settlement by serving a parish office.

IF any person, who shall come to inhabit in any town or 3 if'. r, u. parish, shall for himself, and on his own account, execute any public and annual office or charge in the said town or parish, during one whole year, he shall be adjudged to have a legal settlement in the same, though no such notice in writing be delivered and published.

No person, who shall come into any parish by certificate, g & 10 IP-shall be adjudged by any act whatsoever, to have procured a c. m. legal settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and knit fuk take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of 10I. or shall execute forne annual office in such parish, being legally placed in such office.

Tofcrve the office of constable as deputy to another, doth PhcrSctti. not gain a settlement, though it he served a year: for, by the words of the act, he mult Serve the office for himself, and on his emu account.

He mult also be legally placet/ in his office, by taking the Barrows Sttli. oaths, which belong to it. It must appear to the court, how CV/i '44-hc rame into his employment or office.

Of settlement by renting 10I. a year.

NO person, who shall come into any parish by certificate, , g I0 shall be adjudged by any act whatsoever to have gained a legal c. 11. settlement in such parish, unless he shall really and bona fide take a lease of a tenement of the yearly value of tol. or shall execute an annual office in such parish.

The aft doth not require a person renting a tenement of jJamwT .!««' tol. a year, to occupy it; it is enough, if he rents it, and Co/. 571. reiidcs 40 days in the parish. The ground the act goes upon,

228 Poor. {Settlement by 10/. a year.)

is a performs having credit fufRcient to hire a tenement of that value.

If the tenement is under xol. a year, the justices upon complaint within 40 days have power to remove the person coming ' thither to reftde; if it is not under iol. a year, they have no power to remove him ; and continuing upon the same unre. moveable for 40 days, he thereby gains a settlement.

Of settlement by a person's own estate.

9 6? 10 }!'. NO certificate person shall gain a settlement, but by rent. c.ju ing iol. a year, or executing an annual office.

Foky. 257. But, where a person has an estate for life, or an estate of inheritance of his own, that gains him a settlement, though less than iol. a year; for he cannot be removed; and if he cannot be removed, he certainly gains a settlement.

Farrow's Sait, Where a man lives.upon his own, it is a case of a very Caf. 7. tender nature, and the law will toot unsettle him: persons to

be removed under the statute of C. 2. are those that wander from place to place, and not those who live upon their own estate.

9 G. c. 7. ' No person shall be deemed to acquire any settlement in any

parish or place, by virtue of any purchase of any estate or interest in such parish or. place, whereof the consideration for such purchase doth not amount to the sum of 30I. born fit paid, for any longer or further time, than such person shall inhabit in such' estate, and shall then be liable to be removed to such parish or place, where he was last legally settled before the said purchase and inhabitancy therein.

Farm's Stitl. ' A person may not be removed from his own, altho' not C,:/. 412. settled thereby, be the value ever so small, or let hint come

to it in what manner soever.

A certificate person shall gain a settlement by an estate of his own, notwithstanding the abovesaid statute of the 9 (S'

to w. ' ;

Farm's Sml. H an estate defeends to a certificate person, it gains him a Caf.io-y settlement, because it is by operation of law, and not by an ; act of his own.

2 Salk. 524. Having land in a parish will not make a settlement, but f , living in a parish where one has land, will gain a settlement

without notice; for the act never meant to banish men fro;.; the enjoyment of their own'lands. ' ‘ '

Of removals.

13 6? 14 C. 2. IT shall be lawful, upon complaint made by the church* -,2- wardens or overseers of the poor of any-parish, to any julhee

' 0?

229

Poor. {Removal.)

\ of the peace, within 40 days after any poor person comes, i to settle in any tenement under the yearly value of 10I. for any two justices of the peace (one whereof is of the quorum) of the division where any person that is likely to become chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabit, by their war-nnt to remove and convey such person to such parish where he was lall legally settled, linlefs he give fumcient security for the discharge of the said parish, to be allowed by the said justices.

And if such person shall refuse to go, or shall not remain in such parish where he ought to be settled, but shall return of his own accord to the parish from whence he was removed, one justice may fend him to the house of correction, there to he punished as a vagabond.

AH persons who shall unlawfully return to such parish or place fiom whence they have been legally removed by order oftworjustices, without bringing a certificate from the pa. tish or place whereunto they belong, shall be deemed idle and disorderly persons; and one justice may commit them (being thereof convicted before him, by his own view, or by their own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness) to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

And if the churchwardens and overseers of the parish to which he shall be removed, refuse to receive such person, and to provide work for him, as other inhabitants of the parish;. any justice of that division shall bind any such officer in whom there shall be default to the affixes or sessions, there to be indicted for hiscontempt in that behalf.

If any person be removed by virtue of this act, by warrant of two justices j the churchwardens or overseers of thepoor.of the parish or town to which such person shall be removed, are required to receive the said person: which if he or they shall refuse to do, the person offending, on proof by the oath of two witnesses, before one justice of the place to which the person shall be removed, shall forfeit for each offence ;1. to the use of the poor of the parish or town, from which such person was removed: to be levied by distress, by warrant to thcconflable of the parish or town where fuel) offender dwells; and for want of sufficient distress, the said justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol for 40 days.

Though the complaint may be to one justice, yet the examination ought to be by two, and those the same, who sign the order of removal.

; And, mop undoubtedly, the justices ought to be both together at the hearing and determining; tho' the practice in many places is otherwise.

After an order and adjudication is made, that the same may appear upon record afterwards, in order to charge the parish, the most regular way for the justices to proceed is to make a . record

13&14C.J.

C. 11.

17 C. a. c. j.

13 & 14 C. a. e. 12.

3 J!'. c. 11.

Str. 109s,

Burn. Pcorreu ir-eual, W. /«. 49S.

I Salk* 406s

g3©

S 6? 9 30-

j«j. 2.zrj.

75 if 14 C. 2. r. rz.

S S? 9 *. c. 30.

i .V:/*. 450.

Caftt *f Stttl. 10.

9 G. c* 7*

Poor., (Removal.)

record of the complaint and adjudication, and upon tltat to make a warrant to the churchwardens and overseers, to convey the persons to the parish to which they ought to be lent, and deliver in the record by their own hands into court the next sessions, to be kept there amongst the records^

If any person, who shall come into any parish or place, there to relide, shall deliver a certificate to one of the churchwardens or overseers there, such certificate shall oblige the parish or place granting the same, to receive and provide for the-perl'on mentioned in the said certificate, together with his family, as inhabitants of that parish, whenever they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to alk relief of the parish, township, or place, to which such certificate was given; and then and not before, it shall be lawful for any such person, and his children, though born in that parish, nor having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, to be re. moved, conveyed, and settled in the parish. qr place from whence such certificate was brought.

When any overseer or other person shall remove back an; persons or their families, residing under a certificate, and be. coming chargeable, to the parish or place to which they shall belong, such overseer or other person shall be reimbursed such reasonable cltarges as they may have been put unto in main, taining and removing such persons, by the churchwardens 0; overseers of the place to which such persons are removed; the fold charges being first ascertained and allowed of by one or more justices for the county or place to which such removal shall be made; which fold charges so ascertained and allowed, shall, in case of a refusal of payment, be levied, by distress and salt of the goods of the churchwardens and overseers of the place to which such certificate person is removed, by warrant of such justice or justices.

All persons, who think themselves aggrieved by any such judgment of the said two justices, may appeal to the justices of the peace of the said county, at their next quarter-Mm?, who shall do them justice according to the merits of tlurir canfc.

The appeal against any order of removal of any poor person, snail be had, prosecuted, and determined, at the general or quarter-sessions of the peace for the county, division, or riding, wherein the parish, township, or place, from whence such poor person shall be removed doth lie, and not elf:-where.

N. B. In cafo of an order of removal from a town corps, rate, the appeal mull bo to the sessions of the county; and noVab eoiLm ad enndem, the same justices probably fitting who made the order.

No appeal from any order of removal shall be proceeded upon, unless reasonable notice be given by the churchwardens of overseers of the parish or place appealing, unto the church-

wardtra

231

Poor. [Removal.)

widens or overseers of the parish or place from which the removal shall be; the reasonableness of which notice shall be determined by the justices at the quarter-sessions to which the appeal is made; and if it shall appear to them, that rentable time of notice was not given, they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions, and then and there finally determine the same.

On all appeals to the sessions against the judgment or orders 5 G. i. c. 19. of any justices of the peace, the justices there shall cause defers of form to be rectified and amended, without any colt to the party, and after such amendment shall proceed to hear the truth and merits of the cause.

And for the more effectual preventing of vexatious removals $ & 9 IK r. 30. and frivolous appeals, the justices in sessions upon any appeal concerning the settlement of any poor person, or upon any proof before them there to be made, of notice of any such appeal to have been given by the proper officers to the churchwardens or overseers of any parish or place (tho' they did not afterwards prosecute such appeal) shall at the same sessions order to the party in whose behalf such appeal shall be determined, or to whom such notice did appear to have been given, such costs and charges in the law, as by the said justices ill their discretion shall be thought most reasonable and just; to be paid by the churchwardens, overseers, or any other person, against whom such appeal shall be determined, or by the person that did give such notice; and if the person ordered to pay such costs, shall live out of the jurisdiction of the said court, any justice where such person shall inhabit, shall on requell to him made, and a true copy of the order for the pay-mento'f such costs produced, and proved by some credible witness on oath, by his warrant cause the same to be levied by distress; and if no such distress can be had, shall commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain by the space of jo days.

If the justices shall at their quarter-sessions, upon an appeal 9 G. c. 7. before them there had, concerning the settlement of any poor person, determine in favour of the appellant, that such poor person was unduly removed, they shall, at the same quarter-sessions, order and award to such appellant, so much money, as shall appear to the said justices to have been reasonably paid by the parish or other place on whose behalf such appeal was made, towards the relief of such poor person, between the time of such undue removal, and the determination of such appeal; the said money so awarded, to be recovered in the same manner as costs and charges upon an appeal are to be recovered by the statute just mentioned.

An order of two justices, if quashed at the sessions upon an Filey. 276. appeal, for want of form only, is not conclusive between the two parishes.

It was moved for setting afidc an order of sessions confirm- 11'tmr. 310.

ing

232 Poor. {Removal)

ing an order of two justices upon appeal. But the coat! would hear nothing of the merits of the cause, the'order cf sessions being in that case final, unless there had been an errot in form.

Of the poor rate, and other helps towards their relief.

4} £-' c. it

'-7 O.

37-

% J G. S. (t 3.

17 G, s, t. 38.

THE churchwardens and overseers of the poor of every pa. rifli, or the greater part of them, shall raise weekly or otherwise (by taxation of every inhabitant, parson, vicar, and other, and of every occupier of lands,- houses, tithes impropriate, propriations of tithes, coal mines, or saleable underwoods in the said parish) a convenient (lock of flax, hemp, wool, thread, iron, and other ware and fluff, to let the' poor to work; and also competent sums for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being, poor as are not able to work, and also for the putting out poor children apprentices.

Where there shall be any dispute in what parish or place improved wastes, and drained and improved marlh lands lie, and ought to be rated; the occupiers of such lands, or houses built thereon, tithes arising therefrom, mines therein, and saleable underwoods, shall be rated to the relief of the poor, and to all other parish rates, within such parish and plate which lies nearest to such lands; and if on application to the officers of such parish or place to have the same assessed, any dispute shall arise, the justices at the next sessions after such application made, and after notice given to the officers of the several parishes and places adjoining to such lands, and, to all others interested therein, may hear and determine the same on the appeal of any person interested, and may cause the same to be equally assessed, whose determination therein shall be final.

The churchwardens and overseers shall cause public notice to be given in the church, of every rate for relief of the poor, allowed by the justices, the next Sunday after such allowance; and no rate shall be reputed sufficient to be collected, till after such notice given. — And they shall permit any inhabitant to inspect such rate at all seasonable times, paying is. and Dull ' give copies on demand, being paid 6d. for every 24 names. — : And if any churchwarden or overseer shall not permit any in-' habitant to inspect, or refnfe to give copies as aforesaid, h: shall forfeit 20I. to the party grieved.

If a person shall be aggrieved by any assessment, or shall have any material objection to any person's being put in 0: left out of such assessment, or to the sum charged on-any person or persons therein; he may, giving reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers, appeal to the next sessions for the county, riding, division, corporation, or franchisebut if

reasonable

Poor. {Rate.)

m

reasonable notice be not given, then they shall adjourn the appeal to the next quarter-sessions after.

On all appeals from rates, the justices shall amend the same, 2? c. a. c. 38. without altering such rates, with rcljpeft to other persons mentioned in the same; but if upon an appeal from the whole rate, it shall be found necessary to set aftde the same, then they shall order a new rate to be made.- — And the court may award colls to either party, as in cases of settlement by the

Stfg If. . \

True copies of the rates shall be entered in a book, by the JJ, churchwardens and overseers, within 14 days alter all appeals from such rates are determined; and they shall attcll the same, by putting their names thereto; and they shall be delivered over from time to time, to the new churchwardens and over-fcers, as soon as they enter into their offices, to be preserved and produced at the sessions when any appeal is to be heard.

It shall be lawful as well for the present as subsequent 43 El. c. a. churchwardens and overseers, or any of them, by warrant from any two such justices, one whereof is of the quorum, to levy the said sums, and all arrearages, of every one that shall refuse to contribute according as they shall be a defied, by distress and sale.

And if sufficient distress cannot be found within the county, 17 G. i. c. 38. on oath made thereof before a justice of any other county, the goods may be levied in another county or precinct.

In defect of such distress, it shall be lawful for two such ^ £/, c,«. justices to commit such person to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize. Until payment of the same.

And if any person shall neglect to pay to such overseers, 17 G. 1. c. 38. the succeeding overseers shall levy the arrears, and shall reim-httrfe their prcdecelTors the same which are allowed to be due to them in their accounts.

If the justices perceive that the inhabitants of any pa- 4.3 £/, c. 5, rish are not able to levy among themselves sufficient sums for the purposes aforesaid, then the said two justices (1 shall tax, rate, and alfefs as aforesaid any other of other parishes, or out of any parish within the hundred, to pay such sums to the churchwardens and overseers of the said poor parish, as the justices shall think fit.

The father and grandfather, mother and grandmother, and id. children of every poor, old, blind, lathe and impotent person, or other poor person not able to work, being of a sufficient ability, shall at their own charges relieve and maintain every such poor person, in that manner, and according to that rate, which by the justices of that county where such sufficient persons dwell, in their sessions shall be afielTed; on pain of zos. a month: which penalty shall go to the use of the poor of the same parish, and be levied by some or one of the H h churchwardens

2.34

j 6 ,e

Ii.

7 J-'-A' 17 G. i. c.

Poor. [Rate.)

churchwardens or overseers, by warrant from two such justice; (l. by distress; or in deleft thereof, any two such justices may commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till the said forfeitures shall be paid.

Where any wife, child, or children flia.ll be left by their husband or parents, it lUallbe lawful for the churchwardens ot overseers, by warrant of two justices, to take and seize so much of the goods and chattels, and receive so much of the annual rents and profits of the lands and tenements of such husband, father, or mother, as .such two justices dial! order and diced, towards the discharge of the parish or place where such wife, child, or children are left, for the bringing up and providing .for such wife, child, or children ; which warrant or order j being confirmed at the next quarter sessions, it shall be lawful for the justices there, to make an order for the church-wardens or overseers, to dispose of such goods or chattels by sale or otherwise, or so much of them, for the purposes aforesaid, as the court shall think lit, and to receive the rents and profits, or so much of them as shall be ordered by the said sessions, of his or her lands and tenements, for the purposes S aforesaid. . |

And the said churchwardens and overseers shall be accoun- j table to the justices at the quarter-sessions for all such money as they flmll so receive.

All persons running away out of their parishes, and leaving their families upon the parish, shall be deemed and sufferas incorrigible rogues. See the article Vagrants.

If a person doth but threaten to run away, and leave his , wife and children upon the parish; he flialf, on conviction, ; before one julliccby confession, or oath of one witness, be i committed to the house of correction/ for any time not ex- ! cceding one month.

Of the relief and ordering of the poor.

THE churchwardens and oxxrfeers, with the consent of m justices (i Q.) shall take order from time to time, for setting-to work the children of all such whose parents shall not by the said churchwardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their children; and for setting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, having no means to maintain them, and using no ordinary uni daily trade; and for the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other among them being poor, and not able to work.

And

Poor. (Relief.)

And the said justicis, or one of them, shall send to the ^ £/. c house of correction, or common gaol, such as shall not employ themselves to work, being appointed thereunto as aforesaid.

Two or more parishes, townships, or places may join (with j c. c. the approbation of any justice in or near such parish, &c. signified under his hand and foal) in purchasing, hiring, or taking any house or houses for the lodging, keeping, and maintaining of the poor of the said parishes; the major part of the inhabitants assembled in vellry and confcnting, and notice being first given of such public meeting for this pttrpolc.

The churchwardens and overseers of one parish, &c. may contract with those of another, without joining, for the lodging, maintaining, and employing of the poor.

There shall be provided and kept in every parish a book, 3 wherein the names of all persons who receive collection shall be registered, with the day and year when they were first admitted to have relief; and the occasion which brought them under that necefiity; and' yearly in Eastcriveek, or often as shall be thought convenient, the parishioners shall meet in vellry, or other usual place of meeting in the parish, before whom the book shall be produced, and all persons receiving collection shall be called over, and the reasonsof their takingre-lief examined, and a new lilt made and entered of such persons, as they shall think lit and allow to receive collection ; and no person shall be allowed to receive collection of the parish, but by authority of one justice residing in or near such parish, or by order of the justices in sessions, except in cases of plague or small pox, for such families as shall be therewith in-fcCted.

No justice shall order relief to any poor person, till oath he c f-made before him, that the same person hath applied to the parishioners in vellry, or to two of the overseers, without being relieved, and till such justice hath summoned the two overseers to appear and llicw cause why such relief (lioukl not he given.

Two thirds of a parish, in number and value, may agree to C-adopt this act, and may nominate three difercet persons qualified for guardians of the poor, and three others to be governors of the poor-house, and may fix their salaries, with the consent of two justices of the limit. — Two or more parishes may also unite for the purposes of this act, with the approbation of two justices subscribed at the foot of the agreement; which agreement shall specify the filiation of the house or houses, and a copy of the terms agreed on shall in three months be left with the clerk of the peace.

Two justices shall appoint one of the three persons recom- y mended as above for governor of such poor-house, to take

236, Poor. {Relief.)

care of, and employ the poor, and to be allow,ed the salary or wages speci Red in the agreement : The visitor of such pobr-house, or where a guardian, is visitor two justices, .may remove the governor, on suficient, proof of misbehaviour or incapacity.

% % G. 3. c. 83. The guardians of the poor of these united parishes shall, two or more of them, produce to two justices of the limit the names of three respectable persons, as fit for the office of visitor; out of whom the justices iltall within three, days appoint one; and if he declines it, one other of the three; and in case of his refusal, the third: and if all refuse, the guardians shall visit by rotation, subject to the controiil of the justices of the limit,: Such visitor, if hot a guardian, may appoint a proper person for his deputy, to inspect the mat-ters committed to the care, of the visitor; and to make his report thereof.

It. Every visitor so to be appointed shall superintend every such house or houses, and settle and adjust the accounts between the said guardians of the poor.and the treasurer of such house, if any question or dispute shall arise respecting the same; and also shall settle and adjust all questions which may arise concerning the persons which ought to be sent to fuel1, house or houses, according to the intention of this act, and by every prudent means in his power enforce and promote the rules and orders for the better accommodation and relief of the poor: and every such governor, guardian, and treasurer, is hereby required to observe and obey the directions which he shall from time to time .receive from the visitor so to be appointed, touching the several matters aforesaid : and, where :any act shall be required to be done by a justice of the peace, such visitor, if not a justice, or his deputy or ailistant, shall , apply to some neighbouring magistrate to do the same: and every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or deputy visitor as aforesaid, as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from faring the office of constable; and all parochial offices, and also from serving upon juries at the assizes or quarter-sessions, so long as lie shall continue in that office ; and a certificate under the hand of a justice of the peace acting for the limit wherein he executes such office, shall be admitted as evidence of his serving the office.

It, If two thirds, in number and value as aforesaid, of th:

owners or occupiers of land, tenements, or hereditament;; within any single pariilt, township, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act in manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a visitor appointed, and shall nominate artd recommend to the justices of the limit three persons properly qualified fa

ths:

Poor. (Relief.)

that office, the justices, upon application to them in manner aforesaid; shall appoint one of the persons so recommended, in the manner herein before directed.

The guardians of the several parishes and townships united a* C. for the purposes of this act, shall recommend to the justices one of their own body to be treasurer of the poor house; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian so recommended, or any other of the guardians whom they shall think better qualified, to that office ; which treasurer shall give sufficient security to the satisfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successors, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his hands j and shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and payor discharge the several bills and expences which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting j and shall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every such meeting, for their perusal and approbation; and Ml, once in every year, within 74 days before the Michaelmas quarter-sessions of the peace, make out a just and fair account of the expences attending the same; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age andfex, which shall bet ontained in every such house at the time of making such account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour o,f the poor in the year preceding; which shall be laid before the visitor, and iign his hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, before or at the time of the said quarter-sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspedhion: and every such treasurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual sum, not exceeding iol. as the visitor, if not a guardian, shall think lit; and if no such visitor, as two justices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

Vacancies occasioned by death of officers, &c. to be sup- /</. plied by the justices in manner aforesaid.

The offices of guardian, governor, visitor, or treasurer, U. shall determine in Easter week next after the respective persons shall be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the public meeting shall be held; when the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office,

shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, in the manner herein-before directed, as if such person had died.

If within any such limit as aforesaid, wherein any poor u. house shall be situate, there shall happen to be no aching justice, or only one acting jttftice of the peace, or if the justice

238 Poor. (Relief.)

or justices of the peace who usually aft in that limit shall be absent, or by any means incapacitated to act, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to act in all such cases.

2i G. 3. e. 83. The justices of the peace, within their respective limits, may appoint special or privy sessions for executing the several powers and purposes of this act, causing proper notices to be given of the time and place of holding the same, to the fere-ral justices of the peace, peace officers, and guardians of the poor, within such respective limits;, and also may adjourn any such privy sessions, to be again holden at such time and place as they shall judge moll proper for discharging the business required by this act, and such other buftriefs which may happen to fall under their cognizance, so as to occasion the leall trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest conve. nience and accommodation to the public, causing the like notices to be given of every such adjournment.

13. The poor are to be maintained at the general expence of the respective parishes: the guardians are to-meet monthly: and the treasurer, at each meeting, is to produce an account of debts incurred for utensils, furnitnre, &c.; and also an account of the victuals, beer. &c. used in the poor home; and the sum due from each pariflt, township,'or place, shall be specified at the foot of such account, which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such guardians, or the ma-jor part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the vifttor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him, if lie shall approve thereof; and in case default shall be made in payment of the respective fttins so proportioned, for seven days after the same shall be so settled and proportioned, and the money de. manded, it shall and may be lawful for any jtillice of th" peace for the limit where such house or houses shall be situate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to levy the said respective sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by distress and iale of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any such parish, township, or place, making such default; and at the end of every year tbs account shall be finally closed, and the balances paid and received.

U. It shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor,

where any such poor house shall be provided, purchased, or agreed to be erected, to inclose from any wade or common land or ground lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or persons having right of common thereupon, signified under their hands and fcals, any part or portion of such waste or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upon, or oc-' cupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the nfe

. Poor. (Relief.)

and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be, or within the parishes, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith for the purposes of this act.

No person shall be sent to such poor house orhouses, ex- 21G. 3 cept such as are become indigent by old age, sickness, or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a maintenance by their labour, and except such orphan children as shall be sent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the vifttor; and except such children as ."hall necessarily go thither with their mothers for sustenance.

Nothing herein contained shall give any power to separate Id, any child or children, under the age of seven years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

Where there shall be, in any parish, township, or place. Id. any poor person or persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, township, or place, and he is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employment suited to his or her Arength and capacity, in any parish, township, or place] near tile place of his or her refldence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such employment shall be procured, and during the time of such work, and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in such maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons, who shall have earned such money, if no further expellees shall be then incurred on his or her account to cvhaufl the same. And in case such poor person or persons Hull refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian to finite juAice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall enquire into the same upon oath, and upon conyifiion ptiniih iueli offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the houi'c of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lets than one calendar month.

The guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or U. place, adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, luitable and necessary clothing for the persons lent by him to such poor house as aforesaid ; and in case of his neglect so to do, the governor or one of tlte guardians of even- such house

shall

Poor. (Relief.)

shall make complaint thereof to some neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian so making neglofi to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct him to provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary; and if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within io days after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to di-rest the governor of such poor house, or the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the same, and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expences of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such jnf. tice or justices of the peace to levy the same, and the coils and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such guardian so making default.

The *rules, orders, and regulations shall be duly observed and enforced at every poor house or workhouse to be provided by virtue of this act, with such additions as shall be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at some special feflionprovided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act, and provided that the same be not repealed by the justices at their quarter-sessions of the peace; and, for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the governors of every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such house or houses,

It shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, on complaint made upon oath, by or on the behalf of any poor person belonging to any parish, township, or place, that the guardian, upon application made to him, hath refused such poor person proper relief, and after enquiring into the condition and circumstance of such poor person upon oath, eilht to order him or her, by writing under the hand of such justice, some weekly or other relief, or direct such guardian to fend such poor person to the poor house, in case he or so: shall appear a fit object to be kept and provided for there; which order shall be complied with, or sufficient cause shewn to the contrary, before such justice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same; and every person receiving weekly relief shall wear the badge directed by the act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, unless directed otherwise by a justice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour; or if it shall appear to such justice, that the person so complain-

Tlu'fe 3vc fuhjoincri to the which every parish, adopting the (chant therein propol'cd, will certainly obtain $ and to which the reader is referred,if he requires more particular information.

ing,

H1

Poor. (Relief.)

ing, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that .case it shall and may be lawful for such justice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein-before directed; and if any guardian, shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the sum of jl. or if it shall appear to such justice, that the person making such complaint, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is an idle or disorderly person, and has not used proper means to get employment, it shall and may be lawful for -the justice, after examining such person, and hearing the whole circumstances of the case, to commit such person to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; or if it shall appear to such justice, upon enquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person making complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly person, able to work, but by his neglect of work, or for want of seeking employment, or by spending the money he cams in alehouses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and suffers them to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor woman, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceed- . ing three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

The guardian shall not be summoned before the justice, <7, 3. c, 83, unless the complainant shall have applied both to the guardian and visitor; but if suficient relief shall not be given or ordered, the poor person complaining, or on whose bphalf such complaint shall be made, shall be redrefl'ed by such justice.

Out of the penalty hereby inflicted upon the guardian for u, disobeying the order of a justice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the justice of the peace, who shall convict such offender, shall direct to be paid to such poor person to whom such relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in such manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

If any poor person shall be retarded on his or her passage Id. through any parish, township, or place, in which he or she has no legal settlement, by sickness or bodily infirmity, without the means of subsistence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her fetlement, the guardian living near the place where such distressed object shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and suitable nourishment and afliilance (and also cloathing if necessary) for fitch person, until he or she can be removed with safety:

I i and

242

Poor. {Relief.)

and when such person shall be fit to be removed, shall take such person to fotne neighbouring justices of the peace, who shall examine him or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlement, and make an tyder for his or her re. moval thither, if they think fit: and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for such person or persons as aforesaid, shall make a.charge of the expences attending the same, which, oil being allowed and certified by the justices before . whom such poor person shall be so taken, or some other i neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, tlte same shall be paid by the 'guardian of the parish, township, or place, where such poor person shall be settled,' in case the same can be discovered, and Jliall happen is k rwithin that county, on demand made thereof, and on the pro-duction of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid: or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any such guardian so making default, after due summons, by warrant from a justice of the peace having jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick person circum-ltanced as aforesaid shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor person shall be found dead in any pa-riflt or place to which he or flicdid not belong, theguardianof such parish or place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case, to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or place, where heor lhe so died or was found dead, and shall make a charge of the expences attending the same respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where such person shall appear to have been settled, if the same shall be within that count;'; but in case the settlement of such poor persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that county, the { same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, diviftott, city, or place, where such person was so relieved, on the production of such allowance and certificate, out of the county or public money to be collected within his limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts, g. If any poor person, who shall be sent to such house or J' houses, shall embexxlc or wilfully tvalle any of the goods or materials committed to his or her care, or shall take or carry away, without permission of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the tile of (itch house, or belonging to any person residing there, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of tlte peace living

The word when applied to n pariflt, township, or place at hr«,

appears to be only another teim for a churchwarden or overseer of the poor, as: h* not confined to the officers appointed to fupciintend the poor-houses cds* Mimed in parishes adopting the provisions of this act.

near

243

near such house; who shall hear the same, and the part)' needed; and such justice is hereby authorised, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

If any guardian, or other person or persons, shall entice, n c. 3. r. S3, take, convey, or remove any poor person or persons from one parish or place to another, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every person or persons l'o offending fall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding 20I. nor less than 5!.

If any visitor, guardian, or governor, shall fell or furnish la, any materials, goods, clothes, victuals, or provisions, or do any work in his trade for the use of any workhouse, poor house, or poor persons, within any parish, township, or place, for which he shall be so appointed to act, or be concerned in trade or interest with any person or persons who fall fell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a fuin not exceeding 20I. nor less than 5I. on being duly convicted thereof by a justice of the peace.

The guardians of the poor of any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, with the approbation of the persons qualified as herein before-mentioned, obtained at a public meeting held for that purpose, may sell or dispose of any house, cottage, or building, which shall have been crcfted or purchased for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expence of such parish, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom for the purposes of this act; and also may remove, by order from a justice or justices of the peace, the person or persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expence of such parish, township, or place, if he, she, or they refuse to quit, after receiving 14 days notice for that purpose.

dll penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the jurisdiction where the offender dwells; who shall, upon conviction, ill default of payment, after due summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied by distress and falc of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charges of such diltrcfs and stile fall be deducted; for want of distress, any such justice of the peace may commit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; every such penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby 1 i 2 . otherwise

244

Poor. [Relief.)

otherwise directed to be .disposed of, shall be paid to the treasurer of every such house or houses, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expences of victuals, beer, firing, and other necessary provisions for the poor within such house or houses.

G. 3. c, 8". Any person aggrieved by the ad of any justice or juflke; of the peace out of sessions, may appeal to the next general quarter-sessions of the peace, giving eight days notice thereof to the party against whom the complaint shall be made, am! giving security, by recognizance, to be acknowledged before a justice of the peace, with a suficient surety, to pay the cods attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against the appellant; and the justices' determination shall be final.

97 G. 2* e. 38.

« £/.

?7 G. 2. r. 3S. 4.3 El. r. i.

17 G. 2. c. 3S.

iV'. c. 1:.

21 J. c. 12.

If any over leer shall remove, he shall, before his removal, j deliver over, to some churchwarden or other overseer, hi> I accounts, verified as aforesaid, with all act'effments, books, j papers, money, and other things concerning his office; and ! if any overseer shall die, his executors or administrators shall ; within 40 days after his decrease, deliver over all things con-ccrning his office to some churchwarden or other overseer, and shall pay out of the assets all money remaining due, which lie received by virtue of his office, before any of his other debs are paid.

If any person shall find himself aggrieved by any act done by the said overseers or justices; he may appeal to the gcnotl, quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall bind all parties.

In all corporations or franchises, which have not four jut tices, persons aggrieved may appeal, if they think fit, to die next county-sessions.

Overseers being negligent in their office,' shall forfeit for ] every default 20s. to the poor, to be levied by 011c of the churchwardens or overseers, by warrant of two justices (1 ^.) j by distress; or in defect thereof, any two such justices may j commit the offender to the common gaol, there to remain with-; out bail or mainprize, .ill the said forfeiture shall be paid.

Any parish officer neglecting his duty, being convicted thereof on oath before two jutliccs, in two calendar month-after the offence committed, shall forfeit not exceeding jl. act lets than 40?. 10 the poor, by diifrefs.

In r.ll aftioas to be brought in the courts of Westminster, or at the affixes, for the recovery of any sum mispent or taker, to their own ufi- by tire churchwardens or overseers, the eri-dence of the parishioners, other than such as receive aim;, shall be admitted.

If air. action be brought against any overseer, or oihfi person which in his aid, or by his commandment, shall do any thing concerning his office, lie may plead the general ilia, mid if fie recovers, he shall have double costs: And such aclioa shall be laid in the proper county, and not elsewhere.

Popery,

245

BY the toleration-aft, if any person, being required by a justice of the peace, shall refuse to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and to make and subscribe the declaration against popery of the 30 C. 2. he shall be committed by the said justice to prison ; and, at the next feifions, if he shall again refuse to make and subscribe the said declaration, he shall be deemed and fuller as a popish recusant convict.

Two justices may summon any person, whom they shall fuf- 1G.JI.2. c. 13. pcfl to be disaffected, by writing under their hands and seals, to appear before them at a time prefixed, to take the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration: which summons shall be served on such person, or left at his dwelling house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there; and if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, then, on due proof made upon oath of serving the said summons, they shall certify the same to -the next sessions, to be there recorded : And if such person shall neglect or refuse to appear, and take the oaths at the said sessions (his name being publickly read at the first meeting of the said feifions) he shall be taken and adjudged a popish recusant convict. And the same shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace, into the chancery or king's bench, to be there recorded.

They who are in seminaries abroad shall return in fix 2? £/. c. 2; months after proclamation, and conform in two days, before ihebilhop, or two justices of the peace; otherwise if they return at all, without submission, they shall be guilty of high treason.

If any person, knowing a jesuit or priest to be in the realm, u,

shall not in 12 days discover the same to a justice of the peace or other higher officer, he shall be fined and imprisoned at the Queen's pleasure. And if such justice or other officer shall not in 2S days give information thereof to one of the privy council, he shall forfeit 200 marks.

Penalty of not referring to church.

ONE justice, on proof (in one month after default) by 3 y. c.i. cor.session, or oath of one witness, may call before him the party ucglcfting to go to church or some place of public worship on every Lord's Day; and if he shall not make sufficient cxcufc, on due proof thereof to the satisfaction of the justice, such justice shall give warrant to the churchwarden to levy I2d. to

the

23 EL e.

S 7- 4-

w.

7i.

J

r,c. c. is 1 G.Ji.z.

Poor.

the use of the poor of the parish for every default by distrefe andfale, rendering the overplus: for want of distress, commitment till paid.

Every person above the age of 16 years, who Dial! not repair to some church, chapel, or usual place of common prayer, being convicted thereof before the judges of a (line, or justices of the peace in their open quarter sessions, thrill forfeit 20I. a month, one third to the king, one third to tit maintenance of the poor of the parish, and of the houses oi correction and of impotent and maimed soldiers, as the lord treaftircr, chancellor, and chief baron of the exchequer shall order, and one third to him who shall sue in any court of record. If not paid in three months after judgment, he shall be imprisoned till he pay, or conform himself to go to church.

Every offender in not repairing to church, being once convicted, shall pay into the exchequer at Easter or Michaelma term, which shall fir (I happen after the conviction, 20I. lot every month contained in the indictment; and afterwards, without any other indictment or conviction, shall pay into the exchequer at every Easter and Michaelmas term 20I. for every month till he conform; except where the king may refute the same, and take two parts of the lands as hereafter is mentioned.

Every person, who shall retain in his service, or shall re-lieve, keep, or harbour in his house any servant, sojourner, or stranger, who shall not repair to church, but shall forbear for a month together, not having reasonable excuse, Ml forfeit 10I. for every month lie shall continue in his house fttcli person so forbearing. And the sessions may hear and determine the same. '

The justices in sessions shall have power to esquire, hear, and determine of all rccufants and offences for not repairing to ch urch ; and shall have power at the sessions where an in: diClment is taken for such offence, to make proclamation, by which it shall be commanded that the body of the offender shall be rendered to the Ihcriff, bailiff, or gaoler, before the next sessions: and if he shall not appear of record at the nest sessions, then upon such default recorded, he shall Hand con-v idled.

Every person educated-in the popilli religion, shall within six months after he shall be of the age of 21, take the oaths of the 1 G. c. 13. and make the declaration against popery of the 30 C. 2. or in default thereof, shall within six months regiller the lands which he possesscs.

And such lands shall be registred in the county, where the house thereupon (lands. c, 5- The name of such popish recusant shall be subscribed to the ' regillry, in the prefcncc of two justices in open sessions, by him-

seif

Popery.

felforhis lawful attorney, and two justices shall subscribe their names as witnesses on pain of zol. that the entry was duly made.

All deeds and wills already inrolled, and every oath of the sj due execution thereof, administered by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace, and the deputy clerk of the peace, or any two of them, (such deputy clerk of the peace being one) shall be of the same force, vigour, validity, and effect, to all intents and purposes, as if the same deeds and wills had been inrolled, and as if such oaths had been administered by or before the clerk of the peace in his own proper person.

No manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any 3 intcrell therein, or rent or profit thereof, shall pass, alter, or change from any papist, or perron professing the popllh religion, by any deed or will, except such deed within six months after date, and such will within six months after the death of the testator, be enrolled in one of the courts of re-cord at Westminster, or within the county where they lie, by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace, or two of them at lead, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one.

Any two justices, who shall know or suspect, or shall be , informed, that any person is or is suspecied to be a papist, map and shall tender to him the declaration in the act of 30 C, 2. and if he shall not appear, after notice by warrant under hand and seal given to him, or left at his ufunl place of abode; or shall not make and subscribe the declaration; he shall be difiibled to have or keep, in his house or else.vhcrc, or in the possession of any other to his ufc, any arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except such weapons as shall be allowed by the sessions for the defence of his house or person. And any two justices may by warrant authorize in the day time any person, with the constable's afliibnee, to search such person's house for the same, and seize them for the use of the king. And the said justices shall deliver the same in open court at the next sessions for the use aforesaid; where also iky shall certify the name and place of abode of every person so subscribing, or not subscribing.

Post-Office,

NO person shall be capable of exercising -any employment relating to the post-oflice, or any branch thereof, or be ay way concerned in receiving, sorting, or delivering of Jct-:ers, before he shall have taken the following oath, before a alhcc of the peace where he resides:

247

G. 3. r. 51.

G. iS.

r. ij.

A‘i> 10*

I A. B.

24®.

gAo. c.io.

Id.

U.

5 G- 3- & z5-

Jrf.

Id.

7 G. 3. r. 50.

9 An. f. 10.

Post-Office.

1 A. B. do swear, that I will not wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, detain, or delay, or catt/e, procure, permit, a Suffer to be opened, detained, or delayed, any letter or letters, packet or packets, which fall come into my hands, power, er ' custody, by reason of my employment in or relating to the pop-offee j except by the con/cnt of the person or persons to whom tht same is or shall be directed, or by an express warrant in writing, under the hand of one of the principal Secretaries of fate for tlict pttrpoje; or except in fitch cases, where the party or parties tt whom Jttch letter or letters,-packet or.packets, shall be dircBsl, or who is or are chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof, fiall ref life or negleli to pay the same, and except fid letters or packets, as shall be returned for want of true dtreSms, or when the party or parties to whom the same is or shall be & relied, cannot be found: And that I will net any way einkxdt any fitch letter or letters, packet or packets, as aforesaid.

And if any person shall do any thing contrary to the said oath, he, shall forfeit zol. and his oflice.

Persons appointed from time to time to measure the poi roads, shall be fivorn to perform the same, according to bell of their skill and judgment, before a justice of the peate, who shall make a certificate thereof in writing, to be entered in the general poll office, without fee.

If any poll boy shall quit the mail, or shall loiter on the road, or shall not in all possible cases convey the mail after the rate of fix miles an hour at least: he shall> on conviction bp confession or oath of one witness before one justice, be feet to the house of correction, to be there kept to hard labour, not exceeding one month, nor less than 14. days.

And if any poll boy shall by himself, or in combinatios with others, unlawfully collefl any letters, or convey, o; cause them to be conveyed: he shall, on conviction by confession or oath of one witness before one justice, forfeit for every letter or packet 10s. to the informer; and if not forthwith paid on conviction, he shall be committed to the house el corrcflion to hard labour, not exceeding two months, nor left than one.

Any postmaster embezzling money for letters post-paid, cr destroying the letters, Dial) be deemed guilty of felony.

If any person employed in any business of the post-oliicf, who shall take any letter or packet to be forwarded by tht pod, and receive any money therewith for the portage, flu! burn or destroy any such letter or packet; of shall advance the rate of portage upon any letter or packet, and not duly account fur the money by him received for such advanced foliage. he shall be deemed guilty of felony.

All sums, not exceeding $1. that shall be due from an? person for letters, or which shall be received for the carriagecf inters, without answering for the same to the receiver general,

shall

249

Pofi-Office.

shall be recovered before justices of the peace in the same manner as small tithes; and such debt shall be preferable in payment, before any debt to any private person.

Any person Healing bills, or other securities for money, out 7 g, 3. e, j0, of letters, or robbing the mail, shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy;

All pecuniary penalties; amounting to 2ol. .or upwards, to c.3. c. 51. shall be distributed, half to the king, and half with full colts to him who shall sue in the courts of Westminster.

If not sued for in three months, they shall belong to the U. king. — If under 20I. they may be recovered before one justice residing near to the place where the offence was committed ; who shall summon the party iiccufed, and also the wit-nefTcs and on due proof made either by confession or oath of one witness, may issue his warrant of distress and sale of the offender's goods, if not redeemed in six days;1 if sufficient distress cannot be found, the justice shall commit him to prison lor three months, tinlcfs the penalty shall be sooner paid.

And if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give Ji. evidence before such justice, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, he shall forfeit 40s. to be levied and paid as the other penalties herein before directed;

A summons by such justice of the proprietors of carriages, V-left at the inn or place where the carriage shall put up, with, the person who keeps the books for taking places in such carriages, shall be deemed good service on such proprietor, altho' he may not have a residence or habitation at such inn or place.

Prison-Breaking.

HOSE who have broken prison are not bailable by jjM.i.e.'ip _ justices of the peace; and that for two reasons: 1. Be-cause it carries a presumption of guilt; And, 2. Because it is a superadded offence to the former for which they Hood committed;

The party may be arraigned for prifori-breaking, before he 2 How. 137. be convicted of the crime for which he was imprisoned: for that it is not material whether he were guilty of such crime or not; for the words of the statute are, for 'which he 'was taken etui imprisoned.

The gaoler, shall not be puniftted as a felon for the party's 1/7.77. Con breach of prison, unless he voluntarily consented to it; blit it seems to be a negligent escape in the gaoler, for which he may be punished by fine and imprisonment, because there K k ' wanted

25° Prison-Breaking.

wanted, either that due strength in the gaol, or that due vigi. lance in the gaoler or his officers, that should have prevented it: and if gaolers-might not he punished for this as a negligent escape, they Would be careless either to secure their prisoners, or to .retake them that escape. i Haw. 71. If a criminal endeavouring to break the gaol, assault his gaoler, he may. be lawfully killed by him in the affray.

Process.

BY.the commission of the peace, the justices in sessions have power to make and continue proceil'cs upon indictments, against the persons indifled, until they can be taken, furren-

der themselves, or be'outlawed.

Indictments and presentments, taken in the sheriff's tourn, shall be delivered to the next sessions; who may award procef; thereupon, in like form as if they had been taken before themselves.

The law in several cases in express words directs process to Be made by justices out of sessions; and in other cases by necessary implication: as where a statute doth give power to, justices put of sessions to esquire, hear, and determine, there they may make process to cause the party to come and anliver, otherwise they cannot proceed to hear and determine; am! this may be either before or after presentment or indictments; the several statutes do require : before presentment or indifl-ment it is called a warrant; after presentment or indictment it is properly called process.

Wherever the king is a party to the suit (as he certainly i; to all informations and indictments), the process ought to be executed by the sheriff himself, and not by the bailiff of any franchise.

If the party.be in an house, if the doors be fltut, and the sheriff (having given notice of his process) demand admittance, and the doors be not opened, he may break open the doors, and enter to take the offender.

It feemet'n that any one jtiflice may bail persons indicted at the sessions, for any offence under the degree of felony ; for that the statutes relating Specially to the" power of justices in granting bail, do not hi this case seem to take away the power, which one justice had before the making of the .faitl statutes.

It is laid; that the justices in sessions cannot issue a ctfse Titkgaium, but mull return the record of the outlawry into

tit:

1 Ed.11 3,

Vale. c. 1173.

1 Haw, 184.

a U. ]1.2oa.

2 Ham. 103.

. Process. >2^ii

the king's bench, and there process of capias utlagatum shall issue.

If one be outlawed before the justices of the peace on an to, indictment of felony, they may award a capias ntlagatutr.; for they that have power to award process of outlawry, have also power to award a capias ntlagatum, as incident to their authority and jurisdiction.

By the outlawry all personal chattels are vested in the king 3 Salk- -6t-by forfeitures; but real chattels, or freehold estates are not vested in the king, till after inouilition found.

If a man be nidified before justices of the peace, and hjl. 166. thereupon outlawed, and is taken and committed to prison, PI. 1;S. the justices of gaol-delivery may award execution of this pri- -!1, !1- 35-foner; for they arc conllituted to deliver the gaol.

Prophecies.

|F any person flrnll advisediy and directly advance, pub- fE!. c. 15. Xlish, and set forth by writing, printing, or otherwise any false prophecy, thereby to make any diilurbnnce in the realm; and shall be convicted thereof before a judge of assize, or julHce of the peace, within six months after the offence committed, he shall for the first offence be imprisoned for a year, and forfeit to); and for the second offence, shall be imprisoned for life, and forfeit his goods: half the forfeitures to the king, and half to him who shall sue for them in any court of record.

Public Worship.

TF any person shall speak irreverently of the fhcrament of 1 FJ. c. 6. t.

I the Lord's Tapper, he shall suffer imprisonment,. and

make line and ransom at the king's will. And three justices

(l fb) may take information by the oaths of two witnesses;

and afterwards, at the fclfions, may esquire thereof by the

oaths of 12 men upon indictment.

All commanders, captains, and officers at sea, shall canfc 22 C. 2. c. 33. the publick worship of almighty God, according to the liturgy of the church of England, to be performed in their respective ships; And prayers and preachings by the chaplains shall be performed diligently. , '

If any person shall disturb a preacher in his sermon by 1 Mar.fcff. : word or deed, he shall be apprehended and carried before a . K k 2 justice

252 Public Worship.

justice of the peace, who shall commit him to safe custody, and within six days, he and another justice shall examine the . 'fast,' and if they find him guilty by two witnesses,' or tonfef. iiori,' they shall commit him to gaol for three months, and further to the next sessions; 'and if at the sessions he repeats

and is reconciled, he shall be discharged on finding sureties for his good behaviour for a year; if not, he shall be continued in' gaol' till he does; favirig the ecclesiastical jiirifdiction; and he shall not be punished both ways,

j rr. c. jS. If any person shall willingly and of purpose, come into any church',' chapel, or other 'congregation permitted by the act of toleration, and difqiiief and diilurb' the same, or‘ misuse any preacher or teacher; he shall on" proof'thereof before one justice, by two witnesses, find two fu'reties to be boundby recognizance in jol; and in default thereof shall be committed . till the next sessions, and on conviction there of the said offence, he shall forfeit to the king zol. :

Rape.

a Inf;. 180. i Haw. 108. rS El. e. 7.

r Haw. toS.

U.

1II. H. 633.

II.

RAPE is when a man hath carnal knowledge of a woman, by force, and against her will.

If any person shall unlawfully and carnally know, aid abuse any woman child, under the age of ten years, whether with her consent dr against it, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.'

The oifence of rape is no way mitigated, by shewing that i the woman at lall yielded to the violence, if such Her consent was forced by fear of death, or of duress.

It is not a fuincient excuse in the raviiher,' to prove that the woman is a' common ilrumpet; for the is Hill under the protection of the law, and may not be forced: nor is it any excuse, tharfhe confc'nted after the fact.

The party ravished may give evidence on oath, and is in law a' competent witness; but the credibility of her teilimony, and how far she is to be believed, mull be left to the jury, and is more or less credible, according to the: circumilancts of fasts that concur in that testimony. '

For iriftance, if the witness be'of good same; if ihe presently discovered the offence,' and made pursuit after the offender; ihewe'd circumstances and signsof the injury, whereof many are of that nature, that' only women are the moll proper examiners and inspectors; if the place, wherein the fafi was done, was remote from people, inhabitants, or paffen-geis; if the offender fled for it; these,'and the like, are

con-

m

Rape.

concurring evidences to give greater probability to her teilir mony, when proved by others as well as herself.

But on the'other side, if flie concealed the injury for any i II. H. 633. considerable time, after Ihe had opportunity to complain; if the place, where the fast was supposed to be committed, were near to inhabitants or common passage of passengers", and Ihe made no outcry when the fact was supposed to be done, when and where" it is probable Ihe might be heard by others; or if a man prove himself to be in another place, or in other company, at the time Ihe charges him with the fact; or if Ihe is wrong in the description of the place, or ftvears the fact to be done in a place where it was impossible the man could have access to her at that time, as if the room was locked up, and the key in the custody of another person: these and the like circumstances carry llrong prefump-tion, that her lettimony is false or feigned.

Upon the whole, rape, it is true, is a most detellable crime, 1 *35?

and therefore" ought severely and impartially to be punished 63<"' with death; but it mull be remembered, that it is an accusation calily to be made, and hard to be proved, and harder to

be defended by the party accused, tho' never so innocent:

therefore, a wife jury will be cautions upon trials of offences of this nature, that they be not so much transported with in-

"donation at the heinonfness of the offence, as to be over haltily carried to the conviction of the person accused thereof, by the confident teBimony, sometimes of malicious and false witnesses.

Recognizance.

RECOGNIZANCE is a bond of record, tcllifying the Bah. e. lit.

recognizor so "owe "a certain sum of money to some other; and the acknowledgment of the same is to remain upon record; and none can take it but only a judge or officer of record, &c.

Recognizances are taken from the reputed fathers of bastard children. See appendix, No'.'iz. '

To indict for felony, No. 23.

Tc give evidence for felony, "No. 24,

For good behaviour. No. 30.

To indict for misdemeanour, No. 4S.

To answer for misdemeanour. No. 49.

To give evidence‘for misdemeanour. No. 50.

To keep the peace. No. 52.

Besides these, these aregeneralrecognizances.

Without sureties, ‘No. 6j.

With sureties, No. 66,

' And

254

Cram. 125.

U.

Bari. Racer.

Recognizance.

Dali. c. 16S.

« hji. 260.

Siltir. c. J76.

: K. 7- i-

1 S'

c, ;

S\V.

And these recognizances, in some cases, the justices of the peace arc enabled to take by the express words of certain fames : but in other cases (as for the peace, and good beha. viour, and the like)' it is rather in .congruity, and by reasonable intendment of lav/, than by any express authority given them, either by their commission,. or by the llatmc law.

' But wheresoever any statute giveth them power to take2 bond of any man, or to bind over any man to appear at the assizes or sessions, or to .take sureties for any matter or cause, they may take a recognizance. Yea, wheresoever they have authority given, them to cause a man to do a thing, there it seemeth they have.in congruity power given them to bind the party by recognizance to do it: and if the party shall refuse to be bound, the justice may fend him to gaol.

Every obligation and recognizance, taken by justices of the peace, irtuft be made to our lord the king; on pain of imprisonment of any person that shall take it otherwise.

When the parties are to enter into recognizance, call then by their names thus: " You A. B.. acknowledge to owe to ‘ our fovcieign lord the king, the sum of — : , and you

C..D. acknowledge to owe to our.sovereign lord, the king,

" the sum of — ; to be levied of your respective goods and

chattels, lands and tenements, for the use of pur said lord " the king, his heirs and fitccessors, if default shall be made " in the condition following; that is to say, if you the said " A. B. shall make default in appearing, &c." lint the panics need not sign it. And it is tifua! for the justices to mark at the foot of the examination, A. B. in 40I. to appear &c. And from fitch short note make out a record afterwards.

Lord Coke fays, that a record is a memorial or remea-brance in rolls of parchment; &c, from whence it seemeth that a recognizance ought to be ingrafted on parchment; but finet there is no law which prohibits it to be engrossed on paper, it seemeth that if it shall be on paper only, and not on parchment, it is good in law.

And when it is made up, if the justice shall only subserite his name, without his seal to it, this is well enough; and that may be in either of these forts, acknowledged before me. J. P. or only to subscribe his name thus, J. P.

The justices shall certify their recognizances for keeping the peace, to the next sessions, that the party may be called; and if he make default, the default shall be recorded, all the recognizance, with the record of the default, shall be fe; and certified into th.e chancery, king's bench, or exchequer. !

But in cases of felony, the recognizances are to be certified to the general gaol delivery.

P.eftitu'.ier.

255

Restitution of stolen goods.

T F any felon do rob or take away any man's money or goods, n H. 8. c. m 1 and thereof be indicted and arraigned, and found guilty, or otherwise attainted, by reason of evidence given by the party robbed, or the owner of the money or goods, or by any other by their procurement; then the party robbed or owner of the goods, shall be reflorcd to such his money or goods: and as well the justices of gaol-delivery, as other justices before whom the felon shall be found guilty, or otherwise attainted, may award a writ of restitution, in like manner as if the felon were attainted on appeal,

Riot, rout, and unlawful assembly.

WHEN three persons or more shall assemble themselves , iim. 155.

together, with an intent mutually to affillone another, Dj!t. c. 136. against any who shall oppose them, in the execution of some enterprise of a private nature, with force or violence, against the peace, or to the manifest terror of the people, whether the act intended were of itself lawful or unlawful; if they only meet to such a purpose or intent, although they shall after depart of their own accord, without doing any thing, this is an unlawful assembly: if after the first meeting they shall move forward towards the execution of any i'uch aft, wiiether they put their intended purposes in execution or not; this, according to the general opinion, is a rout ; — And if they Kccute such a thing in deed, then it is a riot.

The justices of the peace (or, as it hath been resolved, one 34 EJ. 3. c. 1. justice) shall have power to restrain rioters, and to arrest and cfcallife them according to their offence; and cause them to beimprisoned and duly punished, according to the law and cuilom of the realm, and according to that which to them llall seem best to do, by their discretion and good advise-ment.

nut if the rioters are above the number of twelve, the of- 1 G.ji. 2. ' 5-fence is greatly enhanced, and the power of one justice very much enlarged, by the act commonly called the riot aft, which is required, to be read at every quarter-sessions and lect.

Every justice, flicriff, under-lhcriff, and mayor, shall on notice or knowledge of any unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous

assembly

256 Riot, rout, and unlawful assembly.

I C.f.. s. t. 5.

U.

13II.4. f. 7.

s II. 5. c. S.

13 H. 4. f. 7.

13 ff. 4. r. 7.

s II. 5. r. 3.

assembly of pe'rfons to the number of twelve or more, together with such help as he (halt command,-resort to the place.: and with a loud voice command, or cause' to be commanded, fi. lence to be, while proclamation is making; and after that, shall openly and with a loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

Our foitereigit lord the hing elmrgelh and commandeth all pert Jons icing ajjbnbled, immediately to di/per/e themselves,- arJ peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful luj(-nrfs, upon the pains contained in the rill made in the jirjl year if liny George for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies: Gil same the king.

Arid-'if any twelve or more of them shall continue together by the lpacc of one hour after such pfoclam'ati'on made, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.'

If any rioters (although under the number of twelve, and whether any proclamation be made or. not) shall unlawfully and with force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolifc or pull down, any church of chapel, or any building for religious worship certified and registered according to the act of toleration, or any dwelHng-ho'use, barn, liable, or other oat-house, they shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy: and the hundred, city, or town, shall answer the damages thereof, as in cases of robbery. , .

If any riot, assembly, or rout of people, against the lav, be made, the justices, three, or two of them at the lead, and the sheriff, or under sheriff, shall come with the power of the county, if need be.

And' the king's liege people being sufficient to travel, fell be assistant to them, upon reasonable warning, to ride will them in aid to refill such riots, routs, and alTemblics, on pain of imprisonment, and to make line and ransom to tk king.- .

And the feme justices and (lieriif, or under sheriff, shall have power to record that which they shall find so done in their prefcncc against the law: by which record the offenden shall be convicted in the same mannerand form as is contained in the statute of forcible entries.

And if the offenders be departed before the coming of tit said justices and . sheriff or under sheriff, the same justices; three or two of them, shall diligently esquire within a month niter such riot, assembly, or rout of people so' made, and thereof shall hear and determine according to the law of tit land.

And the said justices and other officers shall execute their offices aforesaid at the king's colls, in going and continuing in doing their said offices, by payment thereof to be made by the sheriff, by indentures betwixt the said sheriff and justices, and other officers aforesaid, whereof the sheriff upon his account in the exchequer may have due allowance.-

Tie

Riot, rout, &c. 257

The justices dwelling nighest in the county, where such 211.5. c, 8. riot, assembly,or rout shall be, together with the sheriff or under sheriff, shall do execution of the said ilatute of the 13 H. 4. every one upon pain of iool. to the king.

If default be found in the two justices, sheriff, or under id. sheriff, then at the inllance of the party grieved, a commiiBon Ml be issued under the great seal, to enquire as well of the truth of the case for the complainant, as of such default.

Rioters shall be taken by writ and proclamation out of 2 H. 5. c. g. chancery, on suggestion of two justices and the iheriiF, on the 8 6- c‘ lt"

common same of such riot.

Rivers and Navigation.

TF any person shall, either by day or night, wilfully or ma- 27 G. 2. c. 15.

1 liciously pull down, cut down, pluck up, throw down,

level, or otherwise destroy, any lock, sluice, floodgate, or

other works, or any navigable river, credted or to be credted

by authority of parliament, or refeue any person in custody

for such offence, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit

of clergy: and the offender may be tried in an adjacent

county. Persons discovering and convicting an accomplice

shall have a pardon: and the hundred shall answer damages,

not exceeding 20I. to be recovered as' in cases of robbery.

If any person shall wilfully and maliciously draw or pluck Id, bp any floodgate fixed or made in any wear or lock, erected or to be erected by authority of parliament, in or upon any navigable river, for preserving the navigation thereof, he shall, on conviction upon the oath of one witness, before two . justices of the county or place, or of the adjacent county or place, be font to the houfo of correction to, hard labour for one month.

If any person acting as mailer of a ship, shall call out, or ,a c. 2. c.zt. there shall be call out, of any vpflel being within any haven, road, channel, or navigable river, any ballad, or rnbbilb, hut only on the land where the tide never comes; any one justice near the place, may summon the mailer or owner, or other person acting as such, against whom the information shall be made, or issue his warrant to bring him before him; and upon due proof made, either by confession of the party offending, or on view of such justice, or oath of one witness, that any ballast or rubbish hath been cast out, the matter, or person acting as such, shall be adjudged the offender, and shall forfeit not above 5I. nor under 50s. half to the informer, and half to the poor of the parifc or place where such convic-L 1 tion

258

19 G> 3

M G.

3 J»jl-

7.411. 19 C,

Rivers and navigation.

tion Hull be pronounced : to be levied by distress, and the offender to be committed to the gaol or house of correction where the conviction shall be, for two months, or-till payment of the penalties, or so much thereof for which the commitment shall be.

c,And as soon as any vefl'cl shall be funk, Branded, or run ashore, in any harbour, channel, or navigable river, or he brought in, or be there in a fluttered condition, and the owner or mailer Hull begin to take down, or carry away any. of the rigging, or tackle, or if there shall not be any person to take care of fuclt vessel, any one justice of the county or place, near which Inch fad Hull happen, shall on information thereof summon the owner, or other person having ot pretending to have command thereof, or ifflie his warrant to bring him before him.; and on conviction shall' issue his warrant for seizing and removing such vessel, and also the rigging and tackle thereof, in such manner as he shall order and di-rest : and if such person shall not within live days give security to the justice, to clear the harbour of such vessel, and of ail wreck and parts thereof, and pay the charges of seizing, re-movingj and disposing of the vessel and furniture, then tit justice shall cause the hulk and tackle to be sold,' and will the money pay the charges of clearing the place where tit vessel shall lie, and of seizing, removing, and felling the same, rendering the overplus to the owner of the manor where the same shall happen.

.. c. 34. All persons who Hull feloniously Heal any goods of the value of 40s. in any ship, boat, or vessel, on any navigable river, or in any port of entry or discharge, or from any wharf or key, or shall be present and aiding therein, shall be excluded from the benefit of clergy.

Robbery.

os. "O OBBE'R Y. is a felony by the common law, coramititi JlV by a violent assault upon the person of another, by putting him in fear, and taking from his person, his money ot other goods, of any value whatsoever.

S. c, j. Ifany pCrfpn be indicted, or appealed, for killing ar.v person attempting'to rob, he shall be acquitted.

2. t. If any person, which shall travel upon the Lord's day, ftaS be-then robbed, the hundred shall hot be liable: nevert'uM they shall make hue and cry, on pain of forfeiting to the king as much its might have been recovered against the hundred, it the robbery had not been bn the Lord's'Jay. Except only. or from church.

Robbery. 259

If there be so much day-light as that one. may fee a man's Dgk. c. S4. . face, so that the,robber may be known, though it be before the sun-rising, or after the sun-setting, the hundred shall an-ftver for it.

No person shall recover against the hundred, more than the£. ... c. ,4, value of zool. unless the persons robbed shall at the time of the robbery be together in company, and be in number two at the lead, to attest the truth of his or their being so robbed.

In order to make the hundred liable; the person robbed -7 >3*

mall, with as much convenient speed as may be, give notice thereof, unto some of the inhabitants near the place.

He shall also give notice, with as much convenient speed s G. a. r. 16. as may be, to a constable of the hundred, that is, the high constable, or to a constable of some place.near; or leave notice in writing at his house, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery.

The party robbed shall also, within 20 days, cause notice W. to be given in the gazette, describing therein the felon, and the time and place of the robbery, and the goods and c(lefts whereof he was robbed.

He shall also be examined on oath within twenty days next 27 El. c. 13. before the action brought, before a justice in or near the hundred, whether he knows any of the robbers; and if he.confides that he does, he shall before action brought, be bound over by the said justice effectually to prosecute the person or persons so known to have committed the said robbery.

If the plaintiff recover, the ilieriff shall flicw the writ of execution to two justices (1 .®.) in or near the hundred.

The high conllabla also shall cause his attorney's bill to be SC.2. c. jG. taxed by the proper officer, and shall give in to the said justices an account thereof, and of his other expences in defending the action, and make due proof of the same upon oath, to the satisfaction of the said justices.

The said two justices shall thereupon cause a taxation to be jj, made, and levied in 30 days, upon every division within the hundred, by the constables, by distress and sale.

And the constables shall in ten days pay the same to the Id. ihcriff, and the ffieriff shall pay the same without fee to the plaintiff for lus colls and damage, and to the high conHa-lie for his expences.

The high constable shall in like manner, if he recovers id. against the plaintiff, be reimbursed his expences which shall be over and above the cods'to be taxed, and also such colls taxed as he shall not be able to recover, by reason of the in-folvency of the plaintiff and of his sureties; which shall be paid in ten days to the said two justices, or one of them, who shall, upon requell, deliver over the same to the high con-!aWe.

Any

L 1 2

260 Robbery.

8 G. 2.1.16, Any person or persons apprehending a felon, whereby the hundred becomes indemnified, shall have iol. reward paid by the hundred ; the same to be .ascertained, levied, and paid by two justices (i 0>.) in or near the hundred, in such proportions as they shall think reasonable, within the hundred,

4IV. c. 8. ‘ And moreover, every person who shall apprehend a high-

wayman, and prosecute him till he be convicted, shall have from the sheriff of the county where the robbery and conviction was made and done, without paying any fee for the same, the sum of 40I. within one month, the judge, certifying, the conviction of such a felon, and also that such felon was taken by the person claiming the reward.

Id, If any disputes shall arise, the judge shall direct it to be paid

unto and amongst the parties claiming, in such proportions as to him shall seem just and reasonable. And if the fiieriff shall mrfke default of payment, he shall forfeit double, with treble costs.

jd, Such person shall have moreover the horse, furniture, and

arms, money, or other goods of the robber, that shall hi taken with him, notwithstanding the right of the king, or lord of the manor, or of the person lending or letting the same to hire: but saving the right of them from whom they -may have been felonionlly taken.

Id, And if a person is killed in endeavouring to apprehend such

highwayman, the sheriff shall pay the like sum of 4.0I. to the executors or admiiiistrators of the person killed, upon certificate delivered to him under the hand and seal of the judge of assize for the county where the fact was done, or the two next justices, of such person being lb killed.

jd. If any person, being out of prison, shall commit any rob-

bery, and afterwards discover two or more persons, who Hull commit any robbery, so as two or more be convicted; he shall have the king's pardon for all robberies he shall have committed before fnclt discovery; which pardon shall likewise be a bar against any appeal for such robbery.

2s G, 2, t. 33. Robbery in the navy shall be punished with death, or other.

wife as a court martial, on consideration of the circumstances, shall find meet.

Seameii.

j; G. 1.1.5. a SEAMAN having a testimcmahinder the hand and seal r\ of a j.ustice of the peace, setting forth the time and place of landing, and the place to which he is to pass, and limiting the time of his passage, shall not be deemed a vagrant,

Seamen. 261

grant, while he continues in the direct way, and within the time limited.

Any one who shall personate a seaman in his majesty's fer- 31G. 1.1.10. vice, or his heir, executor, or administrator; or shall utter ot publish as true, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, assignment, lad will, or any other power or authority, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money or prize-money,

shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

No mailer of a merchant ship shall proceed on a voyage, iC. a- f. 36. without agreeing in writing with each mariner (apprentices excepted) to be signed by such mariner, for wages; on pain of 5!. for each mariner, on conviction before one justice by the oatlt of one witness, to be levied by distress j for want of distress, to be committed till paid.

And if the mariner deserts after he hath signed the agree- W* ment, he shall forfeit the wages due to him at the time of de-ferting; and on application from the mailer, owner, or commander of the ship, such justice may cause him to be apprehended; and if he shall refuse to proceed on the voyage, without sufficient reason to the satisfaction of the justice, the said justice shall commit him to the house of correlation, there to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding 30 days, nor less than 14 days.

And if any seaman absent himself from his ship without W. leave, he shall forfeit for every day's absence two days' pay to Greenwich hospital, to be deducted by the mailer out of his wages: and if any seaman not entering into the king's service, shall leave his ship before he hath a discharge in writing, he shall forfeit one month's pay, in like manner.

The mailer shall pay the seaman's wages, if demanded, in W. jo days after the ship is entered in the cullom house, or at die time of discharge, which shall first happen.

Note, This act, by 2 G. 3. c. 31. is made perpetual.

Search-Warrant.

A JUSTICE cannot legally grant a blank warrant for the 2. Haw. 8j, 84.

arreil of a single person, leaving it to the party to fill up, much left can he grant such a general warrant, as might have the effefl: of an hundred blank warrants.

A justice cannot, upon a bare surmise, make a warrant to 177. break any man's house, to search for a felon, or for Helen goods; for the justices being created by act of parliament,

have

262

2. H, H, 113, 150.

Bari, Search War*

s //. //. 150. //. I{, 151.

0H.lf.x5}.

Search-Warrant.

have no such authority granted to them by any act of parliament.

But in case of a complaint, and oath made, of goods stolen, and that the party suspects that goodsare'in such a house, and ihews the cause of his suspicion, the justice may grant a war. rant (in the day time)'to search in those suspected places mentioned in his warrant, and to attach the goods, and the partyiri whose custody they are found, and bring them before him, or foine other justice, to give an account how he came by them, and farther to abide such order as to law shall appertain.- ' _

But in case of positive proof, it is right to execute the warrant in the night-time, left the offenders and goods also be gone before morning.

Such, warrant ought to be directed to the constable, or other public officer, and not to any private person, though it is fit the party complaining should be present and assistant, because he knows his goods.

. Whether the stolen goods are in a suspected house or not, the officer and his assistants in the day time may enter, the doors being open, to make search, and is justifiable by the warrant.

As touching the goods brought before him, if it appear to the justice that they were not stolen, they are to be restored to the possessor; if it appear they were stolen, they are not to be delivered to the proprietor, bnt deposited in the hand of the sheriff or constable, to the end the party robbed may/ proceed, by indifting and convicting the offender, to have restitution.

As touching the party that ha.d the custody of the goods, if they were not stolen, then he is to be discharged; if stolen, but not by him, but by another that fold or delivered them to him, if it appear that he was ignorant that they were stolen, he may be discharged as an offender, and bound over to give evidence as a witness against him that fold them; if it appear he was knowing they were stolen, he must be committed 0: bound over to answer the felony.

Servants.

Who may be compelled to serve, and for what term.

TW 0 j ustices (or the chief officer of a town corporate, and two aldermen, or two discreet burgesses if there be no aldermen) may appoint auy woman of the age of 12 years,

and

Servants. ' 263

and under 40, and unmarried, and out of service, to serve,-or be retained to serve by the year, or by the week or day, for such wages, and in such reasonable sort and manner as they shall think meet.

If a person retain a servant generally, without expressing a bft. 4a, any time, the law shall conllrue it to be for one year, for that retainer is according to law.

If a servant retained for a year, happen within the time of Dal:. r. 5s. his service to fall sick, or to be hurt or disabled by the act of God, or in doing his mailer's business; yet the mailer mull not therefore put such servant away, nor abate any part of his wages for such time.

Rating of wages.

THE juliices of every shire, the mayor and other head-of- 5 El. c. 4. licer within any city or town corporate, shall yearly in Ealler sessions, or within six weeks next after, a/Temble, and call unto them such discreet and grave persons as they shall think

meet, and shall have authority to rate and appoint the wages

offervants, labourers, artificers,-:workmen, Sec. as they shall think meet, and what wages every workman or labourer shall take by the great, for mowing, reaping, or threlhing of corn r anil grain, or for mowing or making of hay, or for ditching, paving, railing, &c. by the rod, perch, or foot, and for any other kind of reasonable labour or service. j The juliices in anvdivision, where the sessions arc kept, t j. c. 5. j shall have power to rate the wages within such division, as if ; the same were done in the general sessions for the county. —

No clothier, being a justice of the peace in any precinct or li-| herty, shall be a rater of wages for the making of cloth.

If any justice resident within the county, or mayor, shall 5 El. c. 4.

: be absent at the rating of wages, and not hindered by sickness or other lawful cause, to be allowed by the juliices then assembled for rating of wages, upon the oath and affidavit of tome credible person, lie shall forfeit to the king iol. to be recovered in the sessions or other court of record, by indictment or otherwise.

If any clothier, or other, shall refuse to pay so much wages 1J c. 6. to their weavers, spinsters, workmen, or workwomen, as shall be rated, and be convicted thereof by confession, or oath of two witnesses, at the assizes or sessions, or before any two justices (1 $>.), he shall forfeit 10s. to the party grieved, to be levied by distress and sale.

Working

264

13 & i£ c. t. 31.

17 G. z.

HG.i. c. 55

5 £/. c. 4.

Servants.

Working in harvest.

A person may go abroad to work in harvest, carrying with him a certificate from the minister and one churchwarden or overseer, that he hath a dwelling-house ,or place in which lie inhabits, and hath left wife and children, or fomd of them there (or otherwise as his condition shall require) and declaring him an inhabitant there.

By the vagrant aft, persons carrying with him such certificate, shall not be liable to be apprehended as vagrants.

Servant fleeing into another shire. j

IF a justice shall issue a warrant against any person, who shall escape into another shire, the constable or other person, on having the warrant* indorsed by a joftice in such other shire, may arrest him there, and carry him before a justice in such other shire, if the offence is bailable, to find bail, or else shall carry him back before a justice in the shire from whence the warrant did first issue.

Servant assaulting his matter.

IF any servant, workman, or labourer, shall wilfullymnlce an assault or affray upon his mailer or mistress, or upon any other having charge or oversight, and shall thereof be convicted before any two justices, or other head officer aforesaid, by confession, or oath of two witnesses, he shall be imprisonti for a year, or less, by the discretion of two justices out of a town corporate, and in a town corporate of the mayor 01 other head officer, with two others of the difereeteft persons of the same corporation: and if the offence shall require further punishment, then to receive such other open punishment, a the justices in sessions, or the mayor or other head officer, and fix or four at lead of the difereeteft persons of the corporation, shall think convenient for the quality of the offence.

If any servant, to whom any goods shall by his mailer 0; mistress be delivered to be kept, shall go away therewith, to the intent to Heal the same ; or, being in his matter or mif-tress's service, without his or her assent, shall embezzle 0; otherwise coftvert the same to his own ufc, with like purpose to (leal it, if the same be of the value of 40s. or above, he I shall be guilty of felony; butfthis not to extend to any apprentice, or any person within the age of 18 years.

See Appendix, No. 09.

Difpes

Servants.

265

Disputes between silk-masters and their workmen.

EVERY fill: winder and doubler, who shall purloin, cm- I36? I4 c. v. bezzlc, pawn, fell, or detain any part of filfc delivered to c. 15. them to wind or double, as well as the buyer and receiver eoC.z. r. 6. thereof, being lawfully convicted, by confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor), shall render to the party grieved such satisfaction for his damage and loss, and charges} as the justice shall order; or shall immediately on conviction by confession, or oath of one witness, be committed to prison, or to the house of correction, till satisfaction be given to the party wronged, or punishment inflicted as above.

The wages of journcymcn-weavers in the silk manufacture q. 3 c. 6S, in London shall be settled by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen; in the county of Middlesex, by the justices of the said county; in the city and liberty of Westminster, by the justices there; within the liberty of the Tower, by the justices in and for the said liberty, at their general quarter-sessions respectively; who shall, within 14 days after, cause the same to be published thrice in any two daily newspapers in London

or Westminster;

And if any mailer weaver shall give more or less wages than shall be so settled, he shall, on conviction before two justices, on the oath of one witness, forfeit 50I. by distress: to be paid to the mailer of the weavers' company, for the use of distressed journeymen.

And if any journeymen shall take more or less than so rated, ^ or enter into any combination to raise the wages, he shall, on the like conviction, forfeit not exceeding 40s. to be applied in like manner: and if not paid immediately, he shall be committed to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding three months.

Two justices, upon information on oath, that there is rea- it. son to suspect, that any mailer or journeyman hath been guilty of any the offences aforesaid, may summon any clerk, apprentice, servant, or other person whose attendance appears necessary, to give evidence; and if such person shall not attend on the said summons, they shall issue their warrant to bring him before them ; and if he shall refuse to give evidence, they shall commit him to the house of correction for one month, unless he shall sooner submit to be examined and give evidence.

If any mailer weaver, residing within the limits aforesaid, Id. shall retain or employ any journeyman out of the said limits,

M m with

266 13 G. 3.

U.

4. Ed. 4. U.

1 J' c‘

I CT./.

Servants.

with intent to evade this act, he shall forfeit 50I. half to the king, and half to him that shall iue in any of the courts of record at Westminster. c. 68. No silk weaver, within the aforesaid dillrifts, shall hare more than two apprentices at one time, on pain of 20I. to be recovered before two justices, as is aforesaid.

Persons convicted before two justices may appeal to the next general quarter-fedious, or next general sessions.

Disputes between clothiers and their workmen.

CLOTHMAKERS shall pay to their labourers, their wages in money, and not in goods, and deliver wool to them to be wrought according to the due weight thereof; on pain of forfeiting treble value of the wages, and for every delivery of excessive weight 6d.

And every justice of the peace, mayor, &c. may hear and determine differences, and commit the offender to the nest gaol, till the said duties, forfeitures, and damages be paid.

Every weaver, &c. who shall purloin, fell, or detain any part of the wool or yarn, and also.the buyer and receiver thereof, knowing the same, being thereof convicted by con-session, or oath of one witness,'before two justices, or before the mayor and one of the aldermen or moil substantial persons

of a town corporate, shall make such satisfaction for damage:,

as the said justices or chief officers shall appoint; and if the offender do not make satisfaction, he shall for the first offence be apprehended and whipped, or set in the Hocks where the offence is committed, or in some neighbouring market town ir the same county; and for the second offence,' shall incur the like or such further punishment by whipping, or„beingpmin the Hocks, as the said justices or chief officers shall thin's convenient.-

Every clothier, clothworker, Src. shall pay his workmens money, and not in goods, on pain of 40s. on convictioa (it 40 days) before one justice, on oath of one witness; to b; disposed, if in London, to the benefit of Christ's hospita], elsewhere, to the poor where the offence shall he discovered; and if he shall not pay in 30 days, to be levied by the conlkbie, by warrant of such justice, by distress; and where no sufficiest distress can be found, he shall lie committed to the common gaol or hopfe of correction, to be kept to hard labour for three calendar months.

Offences against this act shall be determined by two juite on information on oath, within three calendar months; win shall levy the penalties by distress, half to the informer, and half to the poor; for want of sufficient distress, the offender

I'ntli

Servants. 267

M be committed to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction shall be made.

And all difpntes and demands, relating to work, wage's, or t G.fi. % . <. t<. ('images, between any clothier or maker of woollen goods, and any weaver or other person employed in fitch manufactures, shall be determined by two justices, who shall on complaint summon the parties, and hear and examine on oath, and give such colls and damages to the party grieved, as they Ml judge reasonable, and issue their warrant to levy such colls and damages (if not paid in ten days) by dillrels; and fortyant of such distress, shall commit the party to the county gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made.

Persons aggrieved by order of such justices, may appeal to /„, the next fclitons, giving six days notice.

One justice, on information upon oath, that any person is, Id. or is fiifpefted to be, guilty of any the ill practices aforesaid, nitty issue his warrant to the conilable or other peace officer, tr to any churchwarden or overseer, direfling It Hit in the day time to enter into any house, (hop, warehouse, or other fuf-pccteil place, to search for and examine all such bars and weights as shall he made ufc of for the purposes before mentioned, by any such clothier or maker of woollen goods; and if Inch person shall interrupt the officer, he shall forfeit 5I.

If any clothier, &c. shall pay any person his wages by way of 29 £> r- IV truck, or in any other manner than in money, he shall (on prosecution in three months) forfeit 20I. to be recovered by

a/iioa of debt, by any person who shall ftte for the same or odicrwife, before two justices, by confelliiin, or oath of one tvitness, by distress (if not paid in 14 days); and to be dif-trihuted, half to the informer, and half to the poor: and for wantc.f sufficient distress, he shall be committed to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or until Hitisfaclion shall be made. Persons aggrieved by the order of thejulliccs may appeal to the next Motts, first entering into recognizance, and giving eight days notice in writing to the party in whose favour the order was made. And the order of session Hull be final: and no proceedings of the justices out of, or in the sessions, Hull be removed by certiorari, or otlterivife.

If any weaver, or other person, employed in the manufac- 14 G. 3. 25.

turing of woollen doth, or in preparing materials for that purpose, shall not return all working tools or implements wherewith he shall be intruded, and all wool, &c. delivered out to be wrought, or shall fraudulently increase the weight, he shall, on conviction before one justice where the offender foil reiide, by consession or oath of one witness, be committed to the house of correction for one calendar month.

M m z

If

268

14 0. 3. £.

U>

Id.

Servants.

*5* If any person shall fraudulently buy.or receive any tools, implements, or materials,* or if any person shall be charged on suspicion with having embezzled and kept back the wool and yarn delivered out to him, or with having fold, bought, or otherwise received the same, and oath shall be made thereof before one juliice where the offence was committed, such juf-. tice shall issue his warrant to the constable, to enter into and search in the day time the dwelling house of such person, and also such other house or place, in which the clothier or his servant shall make oath that he hath jult cause to suspect that the said tools or materials may be fccreted: and if, upon search, they shall be found, the constable shall seize the same, and apprehend the person in whose custody they shall be found, and bring him before the same or some other justice; and unless he can give a good account how he came by the same, to the satisfaction of such juliice, he shall be thereof convicted, and suffer the like punishment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

If the person accttfed shall request of the justice to appoint a reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bough: or received the same, or any witness to prove the sale or delivery thereof; the said juliice shall appoint such time as aforesaid, and Avail issue a summons to the constable where such person or witness shall reside, requiring them to appear at such time and place as the justice shall appoint, in order to be examined on oath of the several matters aforesaid: bur such person, at the time of making the said request, shall enter into recognizance for his appearance at the time so to Ik set; or for wailt of such recognizance, he shall be committed until the said time.

Upon information on oath made to any justice, that there is just cause to suspect, that any ends of yarn, or other refuse of cloth, drugget, or of other woollen goods, or of good: mixed with wool, have been collected and received, and ate lodged or concealed in any dwelling house, or other place, such justice Ihul! by his warrant cause every such place to be searched in the daytime; and if any of the said goodso: materials, Hocks and pinions only excepted, above the quantity of three pounds Avail be found therein, he Avail cause the person in whole house or other place the same Avail be found, to be brought before him or some other juliice : and on proof made upon oath before such juliice, that such goods oriua-i tcrials were found in the house or other place of such person1 so brought before him ; the said person, not exculpating hint-frlf to the satisfaction of such justice, shall suffer the likcpti-niCnment as for not returning the tools or materials as aforesaid.

The justice dial! cause the conviction to be written on parch-jnent, and filed a,c the next sessions: and at the time of the " ' conviction

Servants. 269

conviction, shall make known to the party convicted, that he hath a right to appeal to the next sessions; who, upon proof of such notice and recognizance, shall hear and determine the matter, and may award colls to either party.

In case of a second offence, such justice shall commit him 14G. 3. c. *5. to the house of correction till the next sessions, or until he shall have entered into recognizance with sufficient sureties to appear at such sessions, and abide the order of the justices there; and the justices shall also bind over the informer to profeente at such sessions: and if the person informed against shall be found guilty at the said sessions, the justices there shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months. But if it appear to the said justices, that such person hath been already convicted at some felons of any offence against this act, then they shall, upon conviction, commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding six calendar months, and also order him to be once publickly whipped at such time and place as they.

shall appoint_Information upon oath to be made before a

justice, within three calendar months after the offence committed.

Disputes between mailers and servants in the woollen, linen, fullian, cotton, and iron manufactures.

IF any person employed in these manufactures shall cm- , ji, -. krzlc or purloin any materials, and shall be convicted by c. iS. oath of one witness, or confession, before one justice, he shall forfeit double the value of the damages : and if he shall neglect or refuse to pay the lame, the justice shall commit him to the house of correction until satisfaction shall be made: and if it shall appear to the justice, that he is not able to make satisfaction, he shall be there publickly whipped, and kept to hard labour not exceeding 14 days.

Ail payments to the said workmen, shall be in money, and Id. not in cloth, victuals, or commodities: and all wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers, in the said manufactures, concerning work done, shall be determined by two justices, who may summon and examine witnesses on oath: persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions to be holden next after notice of the order of the said two justices.

Ifanyperson employed as aforesaidlhall purloin, embezzle, , c, 2. c. S. or otherwise illegally dispose of any materials, and shall be convicted thereof, he snail forfeit double value of the damages, together with such colls as the justice shall judge reasonable;

and

Servants.

and if not paid immediately, the said justice shall cause him to be committed to the house of correction, to be whipped and kept to hard labour, not exceeding 14 days ; and for i second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four times the value of the damages, together with such colts as the justice shall judge reasonable; and if not paid immediately, then such or any other justice shall cause him to he committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also during the time of such commitment, shall cause him to be publickly whipped in the market town where lie shall be committed, at the market place or cross, ante

or oftener, as to such justice shall fcem reasonable_The re-

ceivers of the same shall be subject to the like penalties. — The forfeitures by both tliefu acts shall be half to the party injured, ami half to the poor; with the liberty of appealing to the fefiiuns.

Disputes between mailers and their workmen in the leathern manufactures.

JF any person employed in the leathern manufacturees fisll fraudulently purloin or embezzle any wares of this kind, awl be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witness,« cnnfeftion, before the justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall rcude, such justice may award hint to make latisfaflion to the party injured, not exceeding double the value, half to the party grieved, and half to the poor, together with full charges attending the conviction; to be levied by distress and sale; and if he shall not pay immediately, such justice shall commit him to the house of cor. correction or other public prison, to be kept to hard labour' for 14. days, and whipped in such manner as the justice shall direct; and for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit four times the value of the damages, together with such coils as the justice shall judge reasonable; if not paid immediately, he shall be committed to the house of correction or other public prison, to be there kept to hard labour not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also during such commitment to be publickly whipped in the market town where he shall be committed, at the market place or cross, once or oftener, as to such justice shall seem reasonable.

And every person who shall knowingly or willingly receive any the said goods or materials, or offer so to do, shall, on like conviction, make such recompence in two days, ordfe }ie fulijeft to such distress ; and for want of sufficient distress,

Servants. 27

be liable to the like punishment, as the person so purloining or otherwise disposing thereof; and so for the second. and every subsequent offence.

Ail payments to workmen employed in the said manufac- 13 G. s. r. 8, cures, shall be in money, and not in goods, except by their own requell and consent; and if such labourer or manufacturer shall be guilty of any fraud, abuse, neglect, or default in the work by him undertaken to be done, he shall answer to the owner double damages.

All wages, demands, frauds, and defaults of labourers and id. manufacturers in the said trades, shall be determined by two juiliecs, who may funimon and examine witnesses upon oath.

Every person employed by any one mailer, and neglecting the performance thereof, shall, on conviction by oath of one witness before one justice, be sent to the house of correction,

10 be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month.

Persons aggrieved by any order of the said two justices, Id. may appeal to the next sections, giving eight days notice; ami the sessions may award colls to either party. Hut no order of such two justices shall be appealed against, or quashed, for want of form only.

Oifputes between mailers and their workmen, in the malting of hats, or in the woollen, linen, fullian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, or lilk nianufactures.

IF any person hired or employed in ativ of these manufac- „„ c tures shall purloin or embe7.7.1c any of the materials with G'. 3. c VII which he shall be intruded, and be convicted thereof by the ‘ oath of one credible witness, or confession, before two justices, he shall for the first offence be committed to the house of correction or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for not less than 14 days, nor more than three months; and for a second or any other subsequent offence, not less than three months, nor more than six months; and the justices nay likewise, for the f.rll or any subsequent offence, order the offender to be once publicfcly whipped, if such additional punishment shall by them be deemed proper.

The receiver of any of the said materials, knowing them to it. he purloined or embezzled, shall, for the lirll offence, fbifcit not more than 40I. nor less than zol,; the same to be applied,

!iy direction of the justices, in the firtl place to defray t'nc ex-fctices of the prosecution; next, to make such satisfsftion to

072 Servants.

the party injured as the justices shall think proper ; after, wards, to the informer a sum not exceeding iol.; and the remainder to the poor of the place where the conviction shall be, or to such other' public charity as the justices dial! appoint: and if the said penalty shall not be paid on conviction, the justices shall commit the offender.to the house of correction or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not more than six months;. nor less than three months, unless the penalty shall be fooher paid; or the jin', tices may fend him to the house of correction or other public prison, for three days exclusive of the day of commitment, with an order that within the said time the offender shall he once publickly whipped at the market place of some otht; public place, where the offender shall be committed. Fora second offence, the justices shall commit him to the house of correction or other public prison, till the next general, or general quarter-sessions, or till he shall have entered into recog. nizance to answer for such offence at the said sessions; and the justices there shall hear and determine the matter; and if tie person shall be convicted, he shall forfeit not more than iocl. nor less than 50I. to be recovered and distributed in like manner as the penalty for the first offence.

17 G 3. c. 56. Although the purloined materials be worked up, or other.

wife disposed of, so that it may be difficult to convict the offender, two justices as aforesaid, or the justices in sessions respectively, on proof upon oath that such person hath purloint! or embezzled, or received such materials knowing them tob: purloined or embezzled, may convict the offender, allho'

ho proof shall be given to whom such materials belong____All

which provisions shall extend to all tools and implement); and also to all drugs or ingredients for dying, preparing, and manufacturing the same.

51G. 2. c. 27. If any person shall wilfully damnify, spoil, or destroy, any work committed to his charge, he shall, on conviction at aforesaid, forfeit to the owner double value, by distress; for want of sufficion t distress, the offender shall be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour, for any tint not exceeding three months, or till satisfaction be made.

17 C. 3. c. 56. If any person hired or employed to work up materials so: any mailer, shall neglect the performance thereof for eight days successively; or having taken in any materials for matin-failure from, one mailer, shall afterwards take in any from another mailer; or suffer himself to be employed in any other occupation sooner than eight days before the completion ci the work first taken; he shall be sent to the house of correction or other public, prison, to be kept to hard labour, no: exceeding three months, nor less than one: and if any person shall receive any of the said materials in a fictitious name, in order to be manufactured; or shall receive the same in his own

name,

Servants.

name, and afterwards deliver them to any other person to be manufactui'ed; or if any carrier, or other person employed to deliver such materials, shall deliver the same to any other person than him to whom the owner ordered them to be delivered, he shall suffer, as in case of neglecting performance of the work for eight days;

It mail be lawful for the owner of the materials to enter at 17 C all seasonable hours in the day time, into the ihop, outhouse, or other place, of any person employed by him to work up auy the said materials, and there to inspect the condition thereof; and if any person shall refuse to permit such entrance or iiifpefiion, he shall forfeit any sum at the discretion of the justices; not less than 40s.; to be levied and applied as for having materials, and not being able to give a satisfactory account how he came by them.

And if any person entrusted with any of the said materials, li, in order to work, up the same, shall neglect, for the space of eight days after the work shall be finished, to return (if required by the owner) so much of the said materials as were not used, he shall suffer as for purloining or embezzling.

Twojustices, on complaint upon oath, that there is cause to suspect, that any embezzled materials are concealed in any dv.'clling-house, or other place, may by their warrant cauie the same to be searched in the day-time; and if any such materials shall be found, they may cause the same and the person in tvhofe possession tltey were found, to be brought before them or any other two justices of the district; and if such per-. Ion shall not give an account to the satisfaction of the justices how he came by the same, he shall be convicted, allho' no proof shall be given to whom the materials belong: and every peace officer, and watchman, during the time he is upon duty, may apprehend any person who may be reasonably suspected of carrying, after sun-setting and before sun-rising, any such materials, and the same, together with such person, may carry before two justices; and if he shall not produce the party of whom he bought or received the same, or shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall be.convicted in like manner, altho' no proof shall be |ivcn to whom such materials belong. Provided, that in either of these cases, if the person who shall be brought before the justices shall request them to appoint a reasonable time to produce the person of whom he bought or received the same, or a witness to prove the sale or delivery thereof, the justices may appoint such time, and issue a summons to the constable where such person or witness shall reside, requiring him to appear and give evidence: but such person, at the time of his request, shall enter into recognizance, for his appearance at the time; or, for want of such recognizance, shall be committed until such time appointed.

N n

273

' 3- e. 56-

And

274

17 C-3. e.

U.-

Servants.

And when a person shall be convicted in either of the case aforegoing, the justices may cause the materials so found or seized to be deposited with the churchwardens or overseers, for any time not exceeding 30 days; and in the mean time shall order them to advertise the same in some newspaper usually circulated there, or otherwise to cause notice to be given by some public cryer, and by fixing such notice on the church or chapel door, that those who have loft such materials may come and claim the same: and if any person can prore them to be his, the justices shall order them to be rellored to the owner, he paying the charges of removing, depositing, and giving notice. But if before the end of 30 days no per. foil shall prove his property, the justices shall order the same to be sold, and after deducing such charges as aforesaid, together with the charges of sale, one moiety of the money arising from such sale shall be given to the prosecutor, anil the other moiety either to the poor where the conviction shall he, or to such public charity as the justices shall appoint: and the offender shall forfeit for the lirft offence 20I, for the second offence 30I. and for every subsequent'offence 40!. All which said respective forfeitures shall be levied by distress, and distributed half to the informer, and half to the poor where the conviction shall be, or to such public charity as the justices shall .appoint: if no' sufficient distress shall be found, the justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or' other prison, or to the lioiife of correfdon, for one month for the lirft offence, for two months for the second offence, and for six months for every subsequent offence.

If any person employed as a -journeyman dyer, servant, or apprentice, in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woollen, linen,- futtian, cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or fill: materials, shall, for his own profit, and without consent of the mailer, dye any of the same, whether wrought or un-wrought, he shall for the first offence forfeit 10s. for the second offence 20s. and for every subsequent offence 403. Or ff any person shall procure any such materials to be dyed by any such journeyman, servant, or apprentice, without consent of the mailer, he dial! forfeit for the firlb offence js, so; j the second.offence 20s. and for every subsequent offence .1!.: j to be recovered as aforesaid before two justices, on the uait , of one witness,. to the use of the informer; and in case of non-payment, or.- conviction, the offender to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time cm exceeding one month.

And all contracts or agreements made in any unlawful clubs and societies, by any persons employed in any of lbs manufactures aforesaid, for settling the prices of goods, or for advancing their wages, .or for lefiening their ufua! boon of woiK, shall 11c void : and if any such person shall be cos-

Servants. 275

cemed in any such ..combination, lie shall, on. convictionin three calendar months,' on the oath of one ivitncfs,- before two julliccs, be committed to the house of correction, to be-kept to hard labour, not exceeding three months, or to the common gaol not exceeding three months. And if any person shall a (fault or abuse any mailer or other person concerned in any of the said manufactures, whereby he shall receive any bodily hurt, for not complying with any such illegal byelaws, or shall write or cause to be written, or knowingly fend or cause to be sent any threatening letter, &c. to any such jerson, for not complying with any demands of his workmen, he shall, on conviction by indictment, in iz calendar months, he guilty of felony, and transported for feveu years.

The matter shall pay his workmen in money, and not other- i- c. c. z$. wife: and for the more easy recovering the said wages, two justices upon complaint (in three months) shall summoii the party offending, and for non-payment shall issue their warrant to levy the same by distress; and for want of sufficient dilirels, shall commit the offender to gaol for six months, or until he shall pay, or give full satisfaction for the same : and every person paying the same otherwise than in money, shall forfeit toi. half to the informer, and half to the party grieved, by distress' as aforesaid.

in order to recover the penalties an these acts, one justice, tj G.t. $G„ on complaint to him on oath, may issue his warrant for apprehending the person accused, and bringing him before two justices; who shall proceed to hear and determine the offence.'

And any inhabitant of the parish, townflrip, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his being an inhabitant there.

The conviction shall be written on parchment, in this or Id.

the like form: Be it remembered, that on the — day of----

a the year of our Lord----, A. B. nnas cor.viSled before us

----- --of his majesty's jitfices of the peace in and for the said

amly of — , of ----- -- [here specify the offence, and when

and where committed.] Given under our hands and feats the by midyear first above written.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by any order or id. judgment of the two justices, he may appeal (and at the time of the conviction the justices shall make known to him his right to appeal) to the next general, or general quarter-sessions; such person, at the time of the conviction, giving to the justices notice in writing of his intention to appeal, and entering into recognizance with sufficient sureties to try the appeal, and to abide the judgment of, and pay such colts as toll be awarded by, the court: but if he shall not at the time of giving notice enter into such recognizance, the justices shall commit him to the house of correction or other public prison until the sessions, unless such recognizance /trail be N n 7. sooner

276 Seiryints.

sooner entered into. And the justices at fitch sessions, upon de.terminijtg the appeal, .may. award'costs to either party. 14.5.3. c, 44, If any period, shall reel false or short yarn, and shall be

thereof convicted* by the oath of the owner of the yarn, or of one witriefs, or by confession, before one justice where the offence was committed or the offender shall relide, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding 20s; nor less than 5s.; for the second'offence, not exceeding 5}. nor less than 40s.; and for the third and every other offence, he shall be committed to the house of correction or'other public prison, to be kept to hard labour for one calendar month, and he once publickly whipped at. the market town nearell to the place where the offence was committed, on a market day: all which forfeitures shall go to the party aggrieved.

(i. And the conviction (nail be in this form: Be it remetdird,

that on the — 1 — day of — in the year of our Lord ----- -A. 2,

it coni'iSed, before me--- one of kit majesty's justices of the f nut

for — [specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where' committed, and also specifying that it is the full, second, or third offence again!! this act.]. Given under hand and Jeal, the day ar.dyear first abovemeniioned.

Si. ' Which conviction shall be written on parchment, and (led

at the next sessions. ' '

Si, If any persons so convict'ed shall be deiirous of appealing to

the next sessions, he may, at the time of the conviction, eater into recognizance, conditioned to try such appeal, abide the order of, and pay such colls as shall be adjudged by the justices at such sessions." And the justices there shall take cognizance of the appeal, and may affirm such conviction, and award such colts as they shall think proper.

55 G. 3. c. 14. If the pecuniary penalties for reeling false or short yam, ' ' .together with the colls and charges attending the profecudon,

shall not be paid according to'the order of such justice, the same shall be levied by distress, together with the colls and charges of distress and sale; and if goods sufficient cannot It found, such 'justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction for one calendar month, unless such penalties and charges shall be sooner pald.--And ju. fons aggrieved on this act may appeal to the next sessions, who shall finally hear'and determine the matter of complaint.

Upon which Dr. Bum jufay observes, that It is a singular infante cfi conviction cn'the oath of a'person doubly'interfcfted, namely, both as ownercf the goods, and as entitled to the whole forfeiture.

DlfpUtt;

Servants.- 277

Disputes between matters and their workmen, in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

ALL lace merchants and dealers in lace shall pay the per- ig c> 3. *.49. fans employed by them for their labour, and for all the lace bought of them, in money only, on pain of 10I. to the party grieved; by warrant of one justice by distress; lor want of sufficient distress, to be committed to the common gaol or knife of correction for six calendar months, unless such penalty, and the charges attending the recovery thereof, be sooner paid. 1

Persons aggrieved may appeal to any sessions to be holden W, within six months after the cause of complaint shall arise, giving 14 days notice; and the sessions shall hear and finally determine the same, and may give cods to either party, and levy the same by difirefs.

Disputes between matters and their workmen in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

IF any person shall purloin, embezzle, secretc, fell, pawn, 27 G.t. 7# exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any clock, watch, gold, silver, or other metal or material, or any part thereof, or any diamond or other precious Hone, with which he shall be entrusted; and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of the owner, or other credible witness, or confession, before one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the person so charged shall reside, he shall for the first offence forfeit 20I. and if not forthwith paid, the justices shall commit him to the house of correction or other public prison, thereto be kept to hard labour for the space of 14 days, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the said 14 days such forfeiture shall not be paid, the justice may order him to be publickly whipped at the market place, or tome other public place, of the city, town, or place, where he shall be committed; and for a second, or other subsequent offence, he shall forfeit 40I. in like manner, and if not paid forthwith, the justice shall commit him as aforesaid, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within seven days before the expiration of the time for which he shall be committed, the forfeiture shall not be paid, the justice may order him to be whipped in like manner, twice or oftner, as to such justice shall appear reasonable.

278 Servants.

27 G. 2. c. 7. And if any person shall buy or receive any clock or watch, or part thereof, or any diamond or other precious Hone, knowing the same to be so purloined, he shall, on the like conviction suffer as above.

Id. One justice on complaint to him made upon oath, of any

offence against this act, may issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other justice of the same place, the person so charged.

id. And the conviction shall be in this form:

Middlesex, ? BE it remembered, on the ----- ----- day of — in tk

to wit, j.---- year of his mayfly's reign, A. B. wasesr.

viBed before me [or us if more than one] ----- -of his majtflft

jnflices of the peace for the said county of -or for the — .

riding f or division) of the said county of - or for the lily,

liberty, or town of — — in the said county of----(as the caf:

shall be) of purloining, embezzling, or unlawfully disposing if, or of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn (as the case shall lie) specifyng the respective goods, materials, or effects, the fn.

petty of C. D. of ----- -in the county of — . Given under nj

hand andfeal (or our hands and seals) the day and year afortjsil

Disputes between mailers and servants in husbandty, artificers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keel: men. pitmen, glaflmen, potters, and other labourers.

20 C. z, e. 19. ALL complaints, differences, and disputes between mates or mistresses and servants in husbandry hired for a year [or for less time]; or between matters and miftrefl'es and artificers, and other labourers employed for any certain time or it any other manner, shall be determined by one justice, where the matter or mistress shall inhabit, although no rate or assessment of wages has been made that year ; which justice shall examine on oath any such servant or other the said persons, or any other witness touching such complaint, and make such order for payment of wages, as to him shall seem just and reafoiu-ble, provided that the sum in question do not exceed id. with regard to any servant, nor 5I. with regard to any other persons before mentioned ; and in case of non-payment for 21 days, such justice may issue his warrant to levy the fume by 1 distress.

hi. Such justice on application or complaint on oath by any I

matter, mistress, or employer, against any such servant, crj labourer, concerning any misdemeanor, miscarriage, or i!!j behaviour in his service or employment, may hear and determine the same, and punish the offender by commitment0 the house of correction, there to remain and be correfled, and

held

Servants. 279

held to hard labour hot exceeding 'one' calendar month, or otherwise by abating some part of his wages, or by discharging. such servant or other the said persons from their service or employment.

And in like manner, such justice,- on complaint or appli- 10G. a. e. is. cation on oath by any such servant, artificer, or other labourer, against such mailer, mistress, or employer, concerning any mifufage, refusal of necessary provision, cruelty or other ill treatment, may summon such mailer, mistress, or employer, to appear before him at a reasonable time to be prefixed in such summons; and he shall examine into the matter of such complaint, and upon proof thereof made upon oath, to his satisfaction, may discharge such servant, or other person aforesaid, from his service and employment, which discharge shall be given under his hand and seal gratis.

If any person shall think himself aggrieved by such deter- Id. ruination, order or warrant of such justice (except any order of commitment) he may appeal to the next sessions, who may award colls to either party, not exceeding 40s. to be levied by

dillrcfs, in manner before-mentioned_Nothing herein shall extend to the Itannaries in Devon and Cornwall, if any artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftsman, miner, fi G. 3. c. a5, potter, labourer, or other person, shall contrail with any person for any time or term, and shall absent himself from his service before the term of his contract shall be compleated, or be guilty of any other misdemeanor; it shall be lawful for one justice on complaint upon oath, to issue his warrant to apprehend such person complained of, and to examine into the nature of the complaint; and if it shall appear to such jotlice, that the person complained of hath not fulfilled his contrail, or hath been guilty of any misdemeanor, the said jnllice shall commit him to the house of correction, for any i time, not exceeding three months, nor less than 011c month.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions, giving ^

'fa days notice to the justice and to the parties, and entering into recognizance, within three days after such notice, before : justice, with sufficient surety, to try the appeal at, and elide the order or judgment of, and pay such colls as Hull be awarded, by the justices at such sessions.

Taylors and their workmen within the bills.

THE hours of work for servants or journeymen to be cm- ? qj-._ u ployed in the taylor-bnliness, within London and five miles thereof, shall be from fix in the morning till seven in the evening, with an interval of one hour only for refrefttrnem. And the

wages

280

S G. 3. c. 17.

u.

u.

Id.

Id.

Servants t

wages for the same shall be, any sum not exceeding 2s. yd,| a day; except during the space of one calendar month from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl marshal in the London gazette; and during that space, any sum not exceeding 5s. id.f

And if any mailer shall give, or any workman within the said limits shall take, any more or greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall,. on information or prosecution within three months, and conviction thereof, before two justices, by confession or oath of one witness, be committed to the hous; of corrcflion, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the con. mon gaol, for any time not exceeding two' Months, nor ltd than 14 days.

Any two justices within the limits aforesaid, upon info, motion on oath made to them, that there is reason to suspect J that any person hath given or received greater wages than as j aforesaid, shall issue their summons requiring any person cm. J ployed by the person so suspected to have offended, or any j other person whose attendance fuclt informant shall think nr- j ceflhry for the purpose of giving evidence, to attend fad justices, or some other two justices ailing for such county0; place, to testify concerning the premises; and-if.such pnfcj shall not attend, such two justices, or any other two justices ailing for such county or place, shall issue their warrant to apprehend and bring such person before them, or some othu two justices ailing for the said county or place, to' be examine! touching the premises in the said information: arid if asy such person so attending, or being brought before such jut ticcs, (nail refuse to be examined or give testimoriy, he M, by the said justices, be committed to the house of correflics, until he shall submit to be examined and give testimonys aforesaid.

The mayor, aldermen, and recorder of London, at theit general quarter-sessions or general feflioris, shall, from tin* to time, on application to them made, alter, regulate, ml order the wages for persons employed in the business e! making men and women's clothes within London and £« miles thereof, and the hours of work; and within fonffits days after making every such order, shall cause thclamet) be printed and publiftied, at the reasonable expence of tit persons applying for the same, in any two daily netvfpapta in London or Westminster.

Nothing herein shall extend to regulate the wages or how of work of persons employed as foremen; or to hinder fc paying or receiving other wages (not exceeding 6d. an hen in times of general mourning, and 3d. an hour at any (ids time) before or after the hours of work.

And if any mailer redding within the limits shall empk:j any person out of the said limits, with intent to elude M

Servants.

aft, and shall give greater wages than as aforesaid, he shall forfeit 500I. with coils., half to the king, and half to him. that (iiall sue.

- Persons convicted by the two justices as aforesaid, may ap- sc, 3 peal to the next general qitarter-feihons or general-feifions, giving immediate notice of such appeal, and findingTufRcient security to the satisfaction of such justices, for being personally present at the said sessions, and for prosecuting the appeal with effect, and abiding by the judgment of the court.

And the sessions may award coils to either party. And if the conviction shall be confirmed, the appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the conviction, and until payment of coils;

Shoemakers and their workmen within the bills.

IF any journeyman shoemaker within the bills of mortality, 9 G. shall be accused by his mailer ofpurloining any shoes or other wares or materials, one justice where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall inhabit, on oath of such offence, may summon the party, or issue his warrant to apprehend him; and if the same is proved before him by confession, or oath of one witness, he shall award satisfaction for damages and charges, and levy the same by distress; and for want of sufficient distress, shall cattfe the .offender to be whipped where the offence was committed; and for a second or other offence, he shall commit him to the house of correction, not exceeding one month, nor less than 14 days: and every person, who shall buy, receive, or take in pawn the same, shall. he subject to the same punishment.

Two justices, on complaint on oath, may issue their war- W* rant for searching in the day-time for goods so purloined, and break open doors, and every person hindering such search shall forfeit 10I. to him who shall sue in two months; and if fuefi goods shall be found, they shall reitore them to the owner, and cause the offender to make satisfaction for the damages and charges, as aforesaid.

And every person retained by one mailer, who shall suffer u. himself to be retained by any other, before he hath finished his work, shall, on conviction upon oath of one witness, before onejustice, be sent to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

Persons aggrieved, may appeal to the next session, giving U, eight days notice.

O 0

28i

. c. 17.

c. 27-

Duty

282

*7<?.3

id.

II G. 3. c.

U.

Path C. iS:

1 }Iaw. 42. 12, X. C. f.

Servants.

Duty on Servants,

THERE dial! be paid 21s, yearly, for every male servant, not being a day labourer.

The of of the duties upon houses and window shall be of to put this act in execution.

l'rofecutions under this act, within the limits of the excite, office, shall be determined by the of of excite. and; in other parts of the kingdom, by any two or more of the justices of the peace reftding near to the place where l'urh forfeitures shall be made, or offence committed; and if tie party finds himself aggrieved, he shall and may appeal to ik justices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the same, whose judgment therein shall be final.

It shall be lawful for the said of and justice.-. where they shall see cause, to mitigate or Icffen any penalties and forfeitures, in Rich manner as they shall think lit, the reasonable costs and charges of the prosecution being allowed, over and above fuels mitigation, so as not to reduce the penalty to lets than one fourth part thereof, over and above the said colls and charges; one moiety thereof to and for the u!e of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other nroier; to the discoverer or informer of the same.

Sessions.

THE sessions of the peace is a court of record, holder before two or more justices, whereof one is of the quo-rum, for execution of the authority given them by the commission of the peace, and certain statutes and acts of patli-ament.

Such sessions only are properly called general quarter feS-. ons/ which are holden in the four quarters of the year, ir. pursuance of the z H. 5. any other sessions holden at ant other time for the general execution of the justices' authority, may be properly called general sessions, and those holden on a special occasion for the execution of some particular branch of their authority, may properly be called special sessions.

JO_ The justices shall keep their sessions in every quarter of the year at Ieall, and for three days, if need be; to wit, in th: lirll week after the feast of St. Michael, in the first weekaf. ter the Epiphany, in the first week after Easter, and in the first week after St. Thomas, and more often if need be. Except in Middlesex; where the justices. shall keep their

felita

14 a. 5. r. 4.

283

Sessions.

li'llions twice in the year at least, and more' often (if need be) for any riot or forcible entry within the said county.

N. J3. How many adjournments soever shall be holden af- jjur„, terwards in that quarter of the year, all shall refer to the first p. iS>. commencement of the sessions.

Any two justices, one whereof is of the quorum, by the ;j_ words of the commilHon of the peace, may ifl'ue their precept to the ihcriff to summon a session, for the general execution of their authority ; and such session, holden at any time within that quarter of a year, is a general quarter session.

Any two such justices may direst their precept under their z Iljw. 4:. telle to the Iherift', for the summons of the sessions, thereby commanding him to return a grand jury before them', or their fellow justices at a certain day and place, and to give notice to all Stewards, constables, and bailiffs of liberties, to be pre-feat and do their duties at such day and place, and to proclaim in proper places throughout his bailiwick, that such filiians will be holden at such day and place, and to attend there liinifelf to do his duty.

And such precept should bear tcftc, or be dated, fifteen AWf. Ir.trod«3. days before the return. 35-

The flierilf also shall cause a jury to appear at such days and 3?*. places, as the said justices, or such two or more of them as aforesaid shall appoint.

t. The justices of the peace are compellable to appear at Dah. c. 1S5. the sessions; for without their appearance the sessions cannot he holden.

Dm a justice ought not to join in an order at sessions where- a &/t. 607. in himself is concerned, nor ought his name to be in the caption. An order was quaflicd for that reason.

a. The custos rotulorum ought to be there himself, or by Da!t. c. 1S5. his deputy, who is the clerk of the peace. 3. The Ilieriff also, by himself or his deputy; to receive the fines, to return jurors, to execute process, and what else to his office doth appertain. 4. All coroners. 5. The high constables, and all other officers to whom any warrant hath been directed, in order to make return thereof. 6. All bailiffs of hundreds and liberties, as they are bound to give an account of all sessions-process. 7. The gaoler, to bring thither his prisoners, and to receive such as may be committed. 8. The keeper of the house of correction, to give in a calendar and account of persons in his custody. 9. All persons returned by the sheriff, by virtue of the aforesaid precept.

And the jurors not appearing according to their summons, are punishable by loss of iflucs, which usually make part of ' die estreats of sessions. 10. All persons returned by recognizance to answer, or to prosecute and give evidence.

All persons may freely attend at the sessions for the ad- M tsneement of public justice, and for the service of the king.

O o 2 And

284

22 G. 2. c. 46.

Lt R* 426*

1 li. H. 579.

Dull. c. J91.

2 Sa/i. 606.

2 Haw. 41, 42.

11 y. 4.

2 //. //. 54.

Sef.C.t'.i. 176,

2 Barnartiish 249, 250.

Daii. e. 1S5.

5C.2. f.2.

5 £/. c. i. i C. c. 5.

9 G. t. 22.

11 & 1- ir.

Sc-.*

4#5#r.*. 24. 7 s? s jy c. 32 3 # 4 Au. c. j 8. 3 G. 2.25.

7 6. 2. r. 24.

Sessions.

And they are invited thither by a certain freedom of access, and by protection from common arrest.

No person shall act as solicitor, attorney, or agent, or sue out any process at any general or quarter-sessions, either with respect to matters of a criminal or civil nature, tmlcfs he is admitted and inrolled according to law; on pain of 50I. to him who shall sue in 12 months, with treble costs.

Where authority is given to two justices to do any act, the sessions may do it in all cases, except where appeal is directed to the sessions.

Justices may id'uc their warrants for apprehending personss charged of crimes within the cognizance of the sessions, and bind them over to appear there, although the offender be not yet indicted.

If jurisdiction be given to the sessions, to hear and delei-mine, and doth not say by information, this shall bebyir.-distment, and not upon information.

The sessions is all as one day, and the justices may alter their judgments, at any time whild it continues.

It seemeth certain, that the sessions hath no authority tv amerce any justice, for his non-attendance at the sessions,.as the judges of assize may for the absence of any such jtiflice at the gaol delivery, inter fares non eji fotejias.

The sessions may proceed to outlawry in cases of indiftraentt found before them: but they cannot issue a capias sttlagatum, but mull return the record of the outlawry into the king': bench, and there process of capias utlagatmn shall issue.

The sessions cannot award an attachment for contempt in not complying with their orders; but the ordinary and proper method is by indictment.

The justices are not punishable for what they do in sessions: unless there be some manifed act of oppression, or wilful abuse of power.

The justices being met, the usual course is with three o-yer to proclaim the sessions, and then read the commission of the peace: then the grand jury arc called and sworn, and the charge given to them.

If there be any who are to take their oaths, in order to qualify them for oflices, this mud be done between the hour! of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and not otherwise.

The king's proclamation against profaneness and immorality is also to be read; and likewise divers acts of parliament; against popery; the riot aft; and the black set; the act about ale measures; about burying in woollen ; are required to be given in charge at the sessions; the acts concerning jurors are to be read in Tvlidfnmmer sessions yearly; and the datute against bribery and corruption in eleftiousol members of parliament is to be read at every Eader sessions.

Then

Sessions.

2

Then the recognizances may be called, especially fitch as D.:h. c. iS are to prosecute and give evidence, that so bills may be drawn ami prepared.

Upon appeals to be made to the sessions against judgments jU.-.t, or orders, the julfices shall cause any defect of form in such original judgments or orders, to bereftified and amended, and then shall proceed.upon the merits.

In cale of trespass and act'ault, the court frequently recom- Cn.Cir. 53 mends to the defendant to talk with the prosecutor, that is, to make him amends for the injury done him j and if thepro-fecutor comes and acknowledges a satisfaction received, the court will set a small fine on the defendant.

Sometimes the profeentor and defendant agree, before the U. defendant pleads 10 the indictment; and then the defendant comes into court in his proper person, and pleads guilty to the indictment; and upon proving, by a subserihing witness,

1 general release executed by the profeentor, the defendant luhaiits to a final! fine, such as the court is pleased to im-pose.

37 OR one year after the expiration of a commission of 15 F.l. c. 9 P sewers, the justices of the peace, or fix of them, (23k) may execute the powers of the said commission, unless a Hew commission shall-bc issued ir. the mean lime.

For the power and authority of thele cominiflioners, fee 2511. S. c. 5. 25 H. 8. c. 10. 3 f!f 4 Ed. C). c. S. 7. A,1. c. to.

Beiidcs which general arts, there are others which concern the cities of London and Westminster only , and other places within the bills of mortality.

IF any person shall in the night-tlmc maliciously and wif. - c lingly kill any iheep, he shall be guilty of felony; but to avoid judgment of death, he may make Ins election to be transported for seven years. And three justices (1 ^.) may hear and determine the same.

If any person shall in the night-time maliciously maim, Id-wound, or otherwise hurt any (beep, whereby the same is not killed, he shall forfeit to the party grieved treble damages, by action of trespass or on the case-

Sewers.

286 14 C.a. c. 6.

U.

3 Salk. 3Ji. a 86.

'f V

a 2/jw. 41.

2 Ifow. 142.

i Msr.fi/. 3.

1 if. i/. 597.

Sheep.

If any person shall drive away, or steal any (hcep or lamb; or shall wilfully kill any sheep or lamb, with a felonious intent to Heal the carcase or any part thereof; or shall alil!( in committing any the said offences; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

And every person, who shall apprehend and prosecuteto conviction any such offender, shall have a reward of 10I.; in order to which, he shall have a certificate signed by the judge, before the end of the nflizes, certifying such conviction, anil where the offence was committed, and that the offender was apprehended and prosecuted by the person claiming tile re-ward; and if more than one claim the reward, he shall therein appoint what share shall be paid to each claimant: whichccr. tificate being tendered to the Ihcriff, he shall pay the same within a month, without deduction, on pain of forfeiting double, with treble costs.

Sheriff.

f-p'HK Ihcriff hath a jurisdiction both in criminal and civil cases; and for this purpose he hath two courts, his torn for criminal causes, which is therefore the king's con::; the other is his county court for civil causes, and this is the court of the sheriff himself.

The sheriff having a justice of the peace's warrant directei to him, shall execute the same; but he need not go in person to execute it, but may authorize another to do it.

On summons, he is bound to attend the sessions of the peace, there to return his precepts, to take the charge of tie prisoners, to receive fines for the king, and the like.

It seems clear, that the Ihcriff is punishable by the justice-in sessions, for defaults in executing their writs and precepts. !

No Ihcriff shall exercise the oflice of a justice of the peace, in any county wherein he is sheriff; and in such calc, lit acts as a justice shall lie void.

If the gaoler fuft'er a felon voluntarily to escape, this, inal-much as it reacheth to life, is felony only in the gaoler, but the sheriff may be indicted, fined, and imprisoned.-

Shire-Hall.

THE justtces in sessions, on presentment of the grand-jury at the assizes, of the ill Hate and condition of the shire-lull, or other building commonly used for holding the aflizEs, and the neceility of repairing the same, may order it to be

repaired

287

Shire-Hall.

repaired in such manner as they shall think fit, and the money to be levied as for other county rates.

If there be occasion for fuaden repairs, which will not coll s c, j, more than 30I. two jnllices, after having viewed the same, and an ellimate having been made by able workmen of the expence thereof, may order it to be repaired, and the money to be levied as aforesaid, as if it had been presented by a grand jury.

But where the same hath for time out of mind been re- y, paired at the expence of any particular places or persons; or any particular places or persons arc bound by law and ancient iilage to furnish the same with benches, tables, rails, or other fixtures, they shall continue liable as before.

The justices in their quarter-sessions may directthe shire-hall . or other court of julllce within their jurisdiction to be properly ventilated: the expences thereof to be paid out of the general county-rate.

Silks.

NO person shall exercise the trade of a ftlk thrower, unfel's g he hath served seven years apprenticcship ; on pain of r. 1;. 40s. a month, half to the king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record, or at the assizes, or quarter-sessions of the peace.

No foreign silks, called nlamodes or lutcflrings, shall be p 1 imported, but in the port of London, on notice first given to c‘ ‘a-ike of of the cuiloms, and licence had from them.

And if they be imported elsewhere, or without such notice tad licence, and the duties paid, they shall be forfeited, or the value thereof, and be fold and exported again; and the offender, and also the receiver and person offering to fell the lame, llmll forfeit cool — And the of shall cattle them to he marked and sealed: and if any person shall counterfeit the cullomhouse seal, or seal of the httcllring company,

he shall forfeit jool. and be set in the pillory two hours____

Any person, who shall buy and sell, or have in his custody any alaniodes or lutcftrings, sealed or marked with a counterfeit seal or mark, shall forfeit the same and look Any person authorized by a writ of aflilbnce under the seal W. of the exchequer, or with a constable or other public officer, inhabiting near the place, with a warrant from a jttdice of the peace, and in the day-lime, may enter any house, (hep, or other place, to search for and felze any alamodcs or luteflrings imported contrary to this act, or no: sealed or marked, or

marked

c.59.

1.; C. 1.

0 ;r.

288

Silks.

gS?lo;7..'. 43-

3c-3-

5C.3.

C.21. 6?

f.is.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

marked with a counterfeit mark or seal, and in case of refinance may break open doors, chelts, trunks, and other pad;-; age; and every justice shall grant such warrant to any credible person, making oath that he hath reason to suspect or believe, that there are feme of the said silks so fraudulently imported or not sealed and marked, or sealed or marked with a counterfeit fed or mark in the place or places where he intends to search.

The said penalties shall be two thirds to the king, and one third to him that shall seize or sue in any court of record.

If any person shall import any ribbands, laces, or girdles, not made in Great-Britain,- the same shall be forfeited, anil may be seized by any officer of the cultoms; and the importer, vender, and retailer, in whose custody they shall fc found, shall forfeit respectively 200I. with colls. Half the said penalties to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall inform and profeente.

When the goods seized (being out of the limits of the hills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of 20I. two juliices, on information before them that such goods were seized a; unduly imported, may hear and determine the same, ami proceed to condemnation or discharge.

And after seizure, until condemnation or discharge, the said goods shall be deposited in one of the king's warehouses, if the seizure be within the bills of mortality; elsewhere, in the hands of the chief magistrate or constable: and the same shall be free to inspection, with leave.of the court, judge, 0: juliices, before whom the prosecution shall be.

And after condemnation, the said goods shall be publicly sold by the candle for exportation; half of the produce by such sale to be to the king, and half to the officer who shall seize and secure the same.

And on information in writing upon oath, before two juf. tices, that there is good reason to suspect, that such ribband;, iaces, or girdles have been imported, and are in the possession of any retailer or feller of ribbands, &c. they may issue their warrant to the constable or other peace officer, impoivcring him to search, in the day time, the houses, outhouses, and other places of such persons, and (if the same shall be fossa) to seize and carry away the lame, and dispose thereof as ii aforesaid.

If any person in whose possession such goods shall be seized, shall discover upon oath before one justice the person who fold the same to him, so as he may be convicted as the lelkr thereof; such person shall be discharged of all penalties end forfeitures inflicted by this act on venders or retailers having such goods in their possession.

If any foreign manufactured fdk (lockings, silk mitts, 0: fill: gloves, shall be imported into this kingdom, or any part

Silks. 289

of the British dominions; the same Ih'all be forfeited, and liable to be searched for and seized as other, uncustomed goods: and every person who shall import the same, or be a (Tiding therein ; and the venders and retailers in whose custody they shall be found, or who shall sell or expose the same to sale, or conceal them with intent to prevent the forfeiture; shall, over and above the forfeiture of the goods,- forfeit 200I. with colts; half to the king, and half to the odicer who shall inform and prosecute.

And when the goods seized (being out of the limits of the 5 ff. 3, c, ^3, bills of mortality) shall not exceed the value of zol. two justices may proceed to the condemnation thereof: And the proceedings in all other respects, shall be in like manner as in the case of ribbands and Iaccs'abovementioned.

Slander.

WORDS which directly tend to a breach of the' peace; 2 Salk. 69S, as if one man challenge another, are cognizable before 1 KV4.93c. juliiccs of the peace, for which the party may be bound to the good behaviour, and even' indicted.

But if they do not tend directly to a breach of the king's peace, but are matters only of private Hander between party and party, which no way affect the publick adminidrntion of justice; justices of the peace have not any jurisdiction at all in such matters.

Soldiers.

Enlisting.

WHEN any person shall be enlided, he shall in four days, t C. 3. c. 6.

but not sooner than 24 hours, be carried before the next justice, or chief magistrate of a town corporate (not being an officer in the army) and before him shall be at liberty todeclare his dissent to such enlisting; and on such declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and paying 20s. for the charges expended on him, he shall be forthwith discharged, in presence of such magistrate: if he declare that he voluntarily cnlilled himself, the justice or chief magistrate shall forthwith certify under his hand, that such person is duly cn-lifted, setting forth the place of his birth, age, and calling P p (if

Soldiers.

(if known), and that the second and sixth sections of thear-tides of war against mutiny and desertion were read to him, and that he has taken the oath mentioned in the artides of war; and if any person so certified as duly entitled shall re-fufc to take the said oath of fidelity before such magistrate, the officer from whom he hath received such money, may detain and confine him till he shall take it.

Which said second and sixth sections of the articles of war are these:

SECT II.

Art. I. Whatsoever officer or soldier shall presume to life traiterous or disrespectful .words against our royal person, o: any of our royal family, if a commissioned officer, he shall he cashiered; if a non-commissioned officer or soldier, he shall iiifi'er such punishment as shall be inflicted upon him by ;i; sentence of a court-martial.

Art. z. Any officer or soldier who shall behave liimfelfwish contempt or disrespect towards the general, or other commanner in chief of our forces, or shall speak words tending to his hurt or dishonour, shall be punished according to the nature of his oft'ence, by the judgment of a court-martial. Art. 3. Any officer or soldier, who shall begin, excite, i .iufe, or join in any mutiny or'sedition, in the regiment, troop, or company, to which he belongs, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, of either of our land ormzriK forces, or in any party, poll, detachment, or guard, on any pretence whatsoever, shall suffer death, or such other puniffi. inent as by a court-martial shall-be inflicted.

Art. 3. Any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, who being present at any mutiny or sedition, does not ttf: his utnioll endeavour to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or 'intended mutiny, does no: without delay give information thereof to his commandisg officer, shall be punished by a court-martial with death, k othmvife, according to the nature of the offence,

Art. 5. Any officer or soldier who shall itrike hia fupetio: officer, or draw, or offer to draw, or shall lift up any «va-jam, or oiler any violence against him, being in the execution of his office, on any pretence whatsoever, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer, shall fiitei death, or such other punishment as shall, according to iii: nature of hi. offence, be inflicted upon him by the fenten«M ;. court-martial.

SECT VI.

Art. 1. All officers and soldiers, who having received pay vt having been duly cnliited in our service, shall bc.convitk"

c-i

Soldiers. 291

of having deserted the same, shall suffer death-, or fitch other punishment as shall by a coure-.martial be inflicted.

Art, 2. Anynon-commissioned officer or soldier; who shall, without leave from his commanding officer, absent himself from his troop or company, or from any detachment with which he shall-toe commanded, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be punished according to the nature of his offence, at the discretion of a court-martial.

Art. 3. No non-Commissioned officer or soldier shall enlist himself in any other regiment, troop, or company, without a regular discharge from the regiment, troop, or company, in which he last served, on the penalty of being reputed a deserter, and differing accordingly. And in case any officer shall knowingly receive and entertain such non-commissioned officer or soldier, or shall not, after his being discovered to be adeserter, immediately confine him, and give a- .ice thereof to the corps in which he last served, he the said officer so offending shall by a court martial be caniicred.

Art.Whatsoever officer or soldier shall be convicted of having ndvifed ir perfu'acted any other officer or soldier to desert our service shall (lifter such punishment as shall be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court martial.

And the oath mentioned in the said articles of war, is as follows:

Ifam to be true to our sovereign lord Hug George, end to firm him honestly and faithfully, in defence ef his person, crtnmi, erj dignity, against all his enemies or oppo/ers whatsoever : Jlnd

11 tbjerve and obey his majesty's orders, and the orders of the generals and officers Jit o ver me by his majesty.

But if any person shall receive the enlilling money knowing it to be such; and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such magistrate, in order to declare his assent or dissent, he shall be deemed to be enlisted, and may be proceeded agntnft as if he had taken the said oath before such magistrate. ^

Muster.

NO muster roll shall be allowed, unless figr.cd by the mayor or other officer: but if such mayor or officer shall not attend, or refuse to sign such muster roll, without giving faf-Scient reason for such his refusal; then the commifl'ary may proceed to muster, and (itch muster roll shall be allowed, though not ligned as aforesaid, provided that oath be Made before a justice in 48 hours after such muster; and the said muster roll shall be then produced, and examined by the said judice, who shall sign the same, if there appear to be no fuf-tcient objection to it.

? p 2

ill

Soldiers.

In Westminster and Southwark; no mutlerthall be made, ,but in presence of twb'justices (not being officers of the army); unless the justices,'. bn 4.8 hours:no'tice to fix of-them, neglect to attend. ' ' ' -

And the commissary or multer matter thall make oath (for which no fee shall be taken), before'the mayor or chief ma. gistrate attending the mutter, if such mayor or chief magi, llrate be ajutliceof the peace, or otherwise before a justice in the form following;' I A. B. do swear, that I saw at the time of making the'within mutter, such men or horses as are borne, and not respited, on the multer roll, for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates are not in dorfed on the back of the roll, certifying their being absent from the mutter, by reason of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or by being sick, in prison, on fur. lough, or at grass, or by a signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company.

Which oath the said commissary thall insert and subscrib: on the back of the mutter roll transmitted by him into the office of the commissary general of the mutters.

If any person shall be falsely muttered; or offer himself to be falseiy muttered; on proof thereof by oath of two witness, before the next justice, and on certificate thereof under the hand of the commissary, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, he shall be committed to the house of correction for ten days, and if any person shall wittingly furnish a horse to be muttered, he shall be forfeited to the informer, if he thall belong to the person furnishing the same; .otherwise the offender shall forfeit to the informer 20I. on oath by two witnesses, before the next jjjtli.ee, by ditlrefs; and if he thall have no fuf. ficient ditlrefs, or thall not pay in four days after conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol for three months, or be publickly whipped, at the discretion of the justice; and the informer if a soldier, shall be discharged, if he demands it. j

For provision of carriages for the forces in their march,or1 for their arms, cloaths, and accoutrements, any justice of the peace, being duly required thereunto, by any order from his majesty, or the general of his forces, or the mailer general, or lieutenant general of his majesty's ordnance, thall on such order being brought and thewn unto him, by the quarter mailer, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, troop, or company ordered to march, issue out his warrant to the con-liable or petty constables of the division, liberty, hundred,or precinct from, through, near, or to which such forces thall b; ordered to march ; requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with 2ble men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the laid warrant; allowing them sufficienttime to do the same,

Soldiers.

that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden: and if sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precinct j then the next justice (or justices) of the county, riding, nr division, shall on such order as aforesaid so brought or ihewn. to him, illuc his warrant to the constables or petty constables of such next county,- riding, division, or precinct, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency.

And the officer, who by virtue of the said warrant is to demand the carriages of the conilable to whom it is directed, shall at the same time pay down to him in hand for the use of (he persons who shall provide fuclr carriages and men, the sum of is. for every mile any waggon with five horses shall travel; and is. for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses shall travel; and gd. for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less carriages: for which the conilable shall give a receipt.

And if any military officer shall force any carriage to travel more than one day's journey; or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home; or shall fuller any soldier .or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman, to tide in such carriage; or shall force any conilable, by threat-nings, to provide (addle horses for themselves or servants: or shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants or soldiers; he shall forfeit jl. proof .thereof being made on oath before two justices, who shall certify the same to the pay-mailer general, or other paymaller of the forces, who shall pay the same, according to the order of the said justices under their hands and seals, who shall deduct the same out of the officer's pay.

And no waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall be obliged to carry above thirty hundred weight.

And if any high or petty conilable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants for providing carriages, or if any person appointed by such conilable to furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse and neglect to provide the same; or any other person shall wilfully hinder the execution thereof; he shall forfeit not exceeding 40s. nor less than 20s. to the, poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; the same to be heard and determined by two justices dwelling in or near the place, who shall cause the penalty to be levied by distress.

The treasurer of the county shall without fee pay unto such conilable all reasonable sums by him laid out for carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by- the officer requiring such carriages, out of the public flock, according to such rates and orders as the justices in sessions shall direst, which orders shall be made without fee; regard being

had

294

»S G 3. c. 63.

s G. 3. e. 6.

y.

i£

Soldiers.

had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the ways j and if the publick flock be not fuiiicient, the justices in sessions may raise money as for gaols and bridges.

No toll or duty shall be demanded or taken for any horses belonging to officers or soldiers upon their march or upon duty, or for any horses, cattle, or carriages employed in carrying the arms or baggage of any such officers or soldiers, or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled officers or fob diers, and no carriages so employed shall be subject to be weighed at any engine, nor the owner or driver liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight titan is allowed by law to be conveyed in such carriage.

The constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, and other places, and in their default or absence, any one justice inhabiting in or near such place, and no other, shall and may quarter and billet the olHcets and soldiers in inns, livery stables, alehouses, and all houses felling brandy, ilrong waters, cyder, &c. by retail, and so other; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than by this act, or shall offer any menace or compulsion to deter and discourage any civil officer from doing his duty, he shall on conviction before any two of the next justices by the oath of two witnesses, be ipso faSt ca-Ihiered and disabled to hold any military employment; provided the conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who shall certify the same to the next court-martial. And if any person Hull be aggrieved by having more soldiers billeted titan in proportion to his neighbours, on complaint thereof to one justice, or if the person so billeting them be a justice, then on complaint to two justices, they m'ay relieve him.

No justice, having any military command, shall be concerned in quartering soldiers under his immediate command; but all things done by him therein shall be void.

If any conliable, or other officer, shall neglect his duty in billeting, for the space of two hours, provided fuiiicient notice hath been given before, of the arrival of the forces; or shall take any reward to excuse any person; or if any person liable shall refuse to receive any soldiers, or to furnish them as required by this act, and be thereof convicted, before one justice, by confessionj or oath of one witness, he shall forfeit ;1. (or any sum not exceeding 5I. nor less than 40s.) by distress, by warrant of such justice, to be dirrfted to any other constable, or to any overseer of the poor of the paril'n where the offender shall dwell, for the use of the poor of fee laid parish-

If any officer shall take any money of any person, for et-cufing the quartering of soldiers, he shall be calhjered and incapacitated.

Ii

Soldiers. 295

If any officer, military or civil, shall quarter any of the iy c, s, r. ij. wives, children, men, or maid-servants of officer or soldier, in any house against the consent of the owner, if he is an officer of the army, lie shall on proof made thereof to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ij/o faBo cashiered; and if a constable, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party grieved 20s. on proof thereof to the next justice, by distress.

Any justice by his warrant, may command any constable u, or other officer, to give an account in writing of the number of officers and soldiers billeted by them, and also of the names of the persons on whom they are billeted, with the llreet or place where they dwell, and the ligns, if any; that it may appear where they arc quartered, the better to prevent abuses in billeting of them.

In Westminster, the petty constables shall deliver lifts on IJ oath at every, quarter-sessions, of the houses and persons obliged to receive soldiers quartered, and the number billeted in each houl'e; the lifts to remain with the clcik of the pence, to be inspected without fee: constables making default shall 1 forfeit 5I. to the poor by distress, by warrant of one justice; j for want of distress, to be imprisoned not more than three months, nor less than one.

If any non-commissioned officer or soldier shall have wife, child, or children, two j.ufticcs may funimon him, where he ! is quartered, to mnkc oath of the place of his last legal settle-j raent; who shall obey such summons, and make oath ac-! .cordingly: and the justice shall give an attested copy of such 1 affidavit, to be delivered to the commanding officer, to be j produced when required. Which attclled copy shall be at ! any time admitted in evidence as to such feitlcment, before I any jirllices or at any fcllions.

; If any officer or soldier shall be accused of any capital ; crime, or of any violence or offence ngainfi. the person, cllatc, u.

or property of any of the king's subjects, the commanding 1 officer shall ufc his utmost.endeavour to deliver over such needed person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding ; to the officers of justice, in seizing and apprehending him, in order to bring him to trial; on pain, on conviction before wojultices, by the oaths of two witness'es, of being ipso facto cafliicred and disabled; provided the conviction be affirmed at tie next quarter-sessions, and a certificate thereof be trans-ciitted to the judge-advocate, who shall certify the same to tie next court-martial.

Soldiers convicted of profane curling or {wearing, and not t<j <7, 2. c.n. paying the penalty, shall not be committed to the house of ctnreftion as other offenders, but shall be put in the flocks for one hour, for every Angle offence; and for any number of

offences.

Soldiers.

offences, of which they shall be convicted at one and the same time, two hoars.

Deserting.

iff. 3. c. 6. THE constable may take up any person renfonably fuf.

petted to be adeserter, and carry him before a justice in or near the place, who shall examine such suspected person; 2nd if by his consession, or the oath of one witness, or the know, ledge of such justice, he shall be found to be a dcfcrter, the justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the county gaol, or house of correction (or the Savoy in London) and iransmit an account thereof to the secretary at war; and the keeper of such gaol or house of correction shall receive the subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance while he fall be in custody, but shall not be intitled to any fee for his in-prisonment.

M, But no officer may break open any home to search fords,

ferters, without a justice's warrant; on pain of 20I.

U. The justice, before whom he is brought, shall issue his war-

rant to the collector of the land tax, of the parish or town, ship where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money by himcollefted or to be collected, into the hands of him who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, such deserter, the sum of 20s.; the same to be allowed on his account.

U-. If any person shall knowingly harbour or assist any defer®,

he shall forfeit 5I. and if any person shall knowingly buy a exchange or otherwise receive any arms, cloaths, or furniture belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or change the colour thereof, he shall forfeit 5I. and on conviction by the oath of one witness, before one- justice, tie said penalties shall be levied by distvefs; half the first penalty to be to the informer, by whole means such deserter shall hi apprehended; and half the last penalty to the informer; aid half of both, to the officer to whom the deserter did belong; and if such person have not sufficient, or shall not pay the penalty in four days, the justice shall commit him to gaol so: three months, or cause him to be publickly wjiipped.

-ffsrM, v.m-.zig No law gives, nor ever did give to justices a power to prolong a ibldier's furlough. In case of sickness, or other unavoidable accident, it may be useful for a justice to certify upon the back of the furlough such neceliity, specially setting forth the same; to prevent his being apprehended as a deserter, or punished at his return, I

Setting

Soldiefs*

297

Setting up trades after their discharge.

All such officers, mariners,. soldiers, and marines, who g. 2. e. 44. have served ft nee the 29th day of Nov. 1748, and not-, deserted, and also their wives and children, may set up and csercife such trades as they are apt and able for, iri any town orplace within Great Britain or Ireland (except Cambridge and Oxford) without any molestation by reason of the uling such trade; nor shall they, or their wives or children, during the time they shall exercise such trades, be removable from such place to their last legal place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, until they shall become actually chargeable; and if they shall be sued for exercisingfuch trade, they shall have double costs.

Two justices may cause such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, to be summoned before them, in order to make oath of the place of their lad legal settlement; And the justices shall give an attested copy of such affidavit to the person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required.

IF any person shall carry about, or expose to sale, any alma- 10 g. 2. c. 26* uack not stamped according to law, any justice of the peace may upon conviction commit such offender to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months. And any person seizing and carrying such offender before a justice of the peace is entitled to a reward of 20s. to be paid by the receiver general of the stamp duties.

The same penalties are appointed, and the same reward is J0 c. c. 19. offered for apprehending offenders against this act, as by the former of 16 G. 2. r. 26.

All foreign or inland bills of exchange, all promissory or 24 (?. >r.7-other notes, drafts, or orders, under the sum of 50I. shall be drawn or written on paper with a 6d. stamp; all above 50I. with a damp of- is. All receipts or other discharges given on the payment of money amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds, shall be charged with a stamp duty of twopence; and all such receipts or discharges to the amount of zol. and upwards shall be charged with a stamp duty of four pence, under a penalty of jl. if any person after March zj, 1784, shall write or sign any such bill, note, or receipt, except on paper stamped, as above: but no person shall be liable to any prosecution for having written, or signed

298 Stamps.

any note or receipt not duly stamped, previous to the commencement of this act.

»4C. 3. c. 7. All drafts or orders payable to the bearer, and all drafts for any sum leis than forty Drillings, are exempted from the said llamp duties. All receipts for the purchase of Hock in . . the Bank' of-England, East India Company, or South Sea Company,'or for dividends thereof, are also exempted front the said Damp duties. All receipts for money allowed for drawbacks or bounties on exportation, &c. arc likewise exempted from the above duties. Any person required to give a receipt may provide the Damp, and may add the value of the damp to the demand.

u No bill of exchange, or other note, or receipt shall lit

Damped after it is written or signed, unless on the payment of 10I.

Any offence against this act may be heard and determined by any justice of the peace residing-near the place where the offence Dtall be committedwhich justice is hereby authoristd and required, upon information or complaint, to fitmmon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fast; and upon due proof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to issue out his warrant for the penalty of five pounds; to be levied by distress, and sale of goods, if not redeemed within six days; and on failure of distress, the offender shall b.e committed to prison for three months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid: any persons aggrieved by the judgment of such justice, may, on giving reasonable .notice, and also security to the amount of the value of such penalty, together:with the coils which shall be awarded,' appeal to the-justices of the peace at the next general quarter-sessions, which shall happed after 14 days next sifter such conviction; and their determination Dial! he final, 'she justice may, where he shall see cause, mitigate the penalty to half the Aim; over and above the colls ana charges of prosecution. ti. If any persons, being summoned as witnesses-to givecri.

deuce before such justice or justices, shall neglect or refitfeta appear, or appearing shall refttfe-to give evidence, they shall forfeit 40s. unless such refusal be allowed by such justice or justices of the peace. The penalties to be-divided and distribttted, one moiety to the' receiver general of the top duties (or some one authorized by him to receive it) for the use of I'.is mcjesty, and the other moiety to the pdrfon or persons who shall inform andjfue for the same within one yea after the offence.

.. yh. ;. 19. Two or more justices of the peace reftding near the plat: where pecuniary forfeitures not exceeding twenty pounds 01 this or any act touching any of the duties on Damped vellum,

parchment,

2S9

Stamps.

parchment, and paper, shall be incurred, or any offence against any of the same acts shall be committed, by which any sum of money only may be forfeited, may hear and determine the same; who shall on information or complaint, within a year after the seizure made or offence committed, summon the party accused, and witnesses j and may ifl'ue warrants for levying the penalties by distress and laic, if not redeemed in six days.

And the said j offices,'where they fee cause, may mitigate to Jlv, c. 19. the penalties; the charges being (irff allowed : so as not to reduce the penalty to less than double duty, over and above the said charges.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions; and no JJ. certiorari shall supersede the proceedings of the said justices.

The penalties, not otherwise directed, shall be half to the 5 G 3. c. 35. king, and half to him that shall sue in any court of record.

Stamp duty on the registry of marriages, burials, births, and christenings.

UPON the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chriffen- 53 c. 3. < tying, in the register of any parish, precinct, or place in Great Britain, a stamp duly of 3d. shall be paid.

All prosecutions for recovery of the duties granted by, as /</. also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed against, this act, shall be heard and determined by any justice of the peace reftding near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgment of any Inch justice, he fell and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter-sessions, and their judgment therein shall be final: and every such juffi.ce is hereby authorized, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, to fiim-mon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusal or neglefi to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fail; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment thereupon, and to issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to cause sale to be made, if not redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

But it shall and may be lawful'to and for the said justice, fJ. where he shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture or penalty as he shall think fit, so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the coils,

(U *

All

3°°

Stamps.

All forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person and persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

NY one jufllce of the peace, upon complaint made before hint upon oath, that there is reason to ftifpeft that itolen goods are knowingly concealed in any dwelling-house, outhouse, garden. &c. by warrant under his hand and seal, may cause every such place or places to be searched in the day-time; and the person or persons knowingly concealing the said stolen goods, or any part thereof, or in whose cui'-lody the same, or any part thereof, shall be found, he, she, or they, being privy thereto, shall be deemed and held guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall and may be brought before any ‘justice of the peace for the county, city, &c. and being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be punishable by line imprisonment, or whipping, as the court (trail think (it.

And every conftnble, headborough, Src. and every beadle within Iris ward, and every watchman, during such time only as lie is on his duty, shall and may apprehend, or canfc to be apprehended, all and every person and persons, who may realbnably be suspected of having, or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any time after sun-setting, and before sun-rising, any goods or chattels fufpcfled to be (Men, and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, &c. to be dealt with according to law; and such person and persons, so carrying or conveying such goods or chattels, knowing the same to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by due course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a mifdc-meanor, and, on conviction as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

And every person, to whom any goods or chattels, which have been felonioudy llolen or taken, shall be brought and oli'ered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is hereby

N. B. If the goods stolen and received arc lead, inn, copper, brafi, kii-,r.c:al, or fitter, the buyers or receivers thereof mult be carr ied before rtrs :r iron justices of the peace, and are punishable by transportation for 14. year-, by nq G. z. c. 30.

Note alfi, — That buying such goods at a rery low price is interpreted to be. inciving ahem to be jieieil. V

Stolen Goods.

empowered

V

Stolen Goods. 301

empowered and required (there being reasonable causeto fuf-pest that such goods or chattels were stolen) to apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice of the peace for the comity, city, town-corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the same goods and chattels shall be so brought or offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, (haying it in his or her power so to do) the person and persons bringing or offering the same.

And if any person or persons, being out of cnJVody or in cnltody, if under the age'of 15 years, upon any charge of felony within benefit of clergy, shall have committed any felony, and shall afterwards discover two or more persons who shall have bought or received any goods' or chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken, knowing the same to be stolen, so that two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, lie, /lie, or they, so discovering, shall have, and be entitled to, the gracious pardon of his majesty, his heirs and succesl'ors, for all such felonies by iiim 'or her committed at any time or times before fncli discovery.

Summons.

IN all legal proceedings, the person complained of ought to have notice of the charge laid again!! him, and to have an T.arn,vd.iv. opportunity of being heard in his own defence. Consequent- A ly, where a person is accused before the justices, they ought to funimon the party to appear,'or issue their warrant to bring him before them. The manner of convening the parties is sometimes directed by the acts of parliament creating the re-.

Ipeflive offences; which therefore ought to be pursued accordingly. In other cases, where it is left discretionary in the justices, it fecmelh most agreeable to the mildness of our laws to put the party to no more inconvenience than needs mull; and therefore, where the case will bear it, a '-‘fumnions fcems more appofitc than a compulsory process. But in cases of sureties of the peace, petty larcenies, and other felonies, and generally where the king is party, and also in cases between party and party, where the body of the offender is li-ablf, a warrant is the regular process, and not a summons.

Surety for the peace.

QURETY for the peace is the acknowledging a recogni-U zance, or bond, to the king, taken by a competent judge bait. c. zi6* of record, for the f keeping the peace. And this surety of the

See Appendix, No. 7S. -f- Sec Appendix, No. 5$.

peace

f 0<' 3°2

Crow. nS.

N.

Dali. c. 117. i ILiv), uy.

I Uim. is8.

5 Cc. 59.

3 flaw* lit), z T/uw. SG.

1 Jhto, 1 aa.j

Surety for the peace.

peace every judice of the peace may take and command,

1. As a minister, commanded thereto by a higher authority,

2. As a judge, and by virtue of his office, derived from his commission.

By the commission of the peace, one or more julliccs hate power to cause to come before them, all those who to any of the king's people concerning their bodies, or the firing of their ltoufes, have used threats, to find sufficient security for the peace or their good behaviour towards the king and hi: people: and if they shall refuse to find such security, to cause them in the king's prisons to be safely kept, until they shall find such security.

A wife may demand it against her husband threatening to beat her outragcously, and a husband also may have it again;; his wife.

An infant under the age of 14 years may demand this surety, and it shall be granted him.

It ought, upon a just cause of complaint, to be granted by any justice of the peace, against any person whatsoever, nndtr the degree of nobility, being of fane memory, whether he t: a magistrate or private person, and whether he be of full age, or under age. The safest way of proceeding against a peer, is by complaint to the court of chancery or king's bench.

Jf the person to be bound be in the prefenfcc of the jullitt, he may be immediately committed, unless he offers sureties.

The justice may make the warrant under seal, to bring die party before himself or forne other jnflice, or he may make it to bring the party before himself only; for he that maheil the warrant for the moll part hath the bell knowledge of th: matter, and therefore he is the fitted to do judice in the case.

If one who fears that the surety of the peace will be demanded against him, find sureties before any judice of lit dime county, either before or after a warrant is issued agaias him, lie may have a supersedeas from such judice, which shall discharge him from arred from any other judice, at thefuit of the same party, for whose security lie has given fuel surety.

Where a person authorized by warrant of a judice of tk peace, to compel a man who is fheltcred in an house, to ad sureties for the peace or good behaviour, is denied quietly to enter into it, he. may jullify breaking open the door;, h order to take him; but he mud first signify to those in tbs house the cause of his coming, and request them to give bin admittance.

If the warrant special.ly direct that the party shall bebrongl: before the judice who made it, the officer ought not to cajij him before any other; but if the warrant be general, to bring him before any judice of such place, the officer has the election to bring him before what judice he pleaseth, and

Surety for the peace. 303

carry him to pril'on for refilling to find surety before such

justice.

. If the party is carried before another justice, and not before j>ah. c. ui. him who iflited the warrant, such other justice must take the surety, and bind him by recognizance in all points as the form of the precept doth require.

If the officer arrest the party, and do not carry him before Id. the justice to find sureties; or upon the refusal of the party, if the officer shall arrest him, and do not carry him to the gaol, in both these cases the officer is punishable by the justices for this neglect, by indictment and fine at their sessions.

— When the party cometh before the justice, he must offer sureties, orelfethe justice may commit him; for the justice needeth not to demand surety of him.

If a man that was bound to keep the peace, hath broken toml. 7S. his bond, the justices ought of discretion to bind him anew; hat not until he be thereof convicted by due course of law. Cnm. 115.

The recognizance, which the justice takes for the keeping Ci Jgs_ of the peace, is rather of congruity, than by any express authority given either by the common law, or by statute.

The recognizance is forfeited, if the party make default of - //. 7. c. u appearance, and the same default shall be recorded.

It may also be forfeited by any actual violence to the per- 1 Haw. 130. fan of another, whether it be done by the party himself; or by others through his procurement.

The justices cannot in any case proceed again!! the party, hi. for a forfeiture of his recognizance, either in respect of his not appearing, or breaking the peace; the recognizance it-Teif, with the record of default of appearance, ought to be removed into some of the courts at Westminster.

He who is bound to the peace, and to appear at a certain Belt. e. no. day, mill! appear' at that day, and record his appearance, although he who craved the peace cometh not to desire that i; nay be continued; otherwise the recognizance cannot be disch'arged.

Surety for the good behaviour.

A MAN may be compelled to find sureties both for the DjIi. c. jjs, good behaviour and for the peace; and yet the good behaviour includeth the peace: and he that is bound to the good behaviour, is therein also bound to the peace.

The "surety of the good behaviour is.of great affinity with ' n;. that of the peace, and is provided chiefly for the preservation of the peace; and is most commonly granted either in the open sessions, or by two or three justices out of sessions; Yet

See Appendix, No. y

by

3<>4

i Haw. 132.

U.

Id.

Dali. c. 124.

Surety for the good behaviour.

by the words of the commission, as also by the common bpi- j nion of the learned, one justice alone, out of sessions, may grant this surety of the good behaviour. But this is not usual, unless it be to prevent lorne 'great and sudden danger, especially against a man that is of any good estate, carriage; or report. And it shall -be good discretion in the justices, that they do not grant it, but either upon suficient cause seen to themfclviss, or upon the snit or complaint of others, and the same very honed.and credible persons.

A man may be bound to his good behaviour for many causes of scandal, which give him a bad same, as being contrary to good manners only; as for conferring with women of bad same; or for speaking words of contempt of an inferior magistrate, as a justice of the peace, or mayor, though he be not then in the actual execution of his office; or of an inferior officer of justice, as a constable, and such like, being in the actual execution of his office.

It seems the better, opinion, that no one ought to be bound to the good behaviour, for any ralh, quarrelibme, or unmannerly words, unless they either directly tend to a breach of the peace, or to scandalize the government, by abusing those who are intruded by it with the administration of justice, or to deter an officer from doing his duty.

The magistrate has a discretionary power to take such surety of all those whom he shall have just cause to suspect 10 be dangerous, quarrelsome, or scandalous; as of thofcivho-deep in the day, and go abroad in the night; and of fad as keep suspicious company; and of such as arc generally fut-pefted to be robbers, common drunkards, and the like; and all other persons of evil same.

In general, whatsoever aft or thing is of itself a miileha. viour, is cause suficient to bind such an offender to good behaviour.

Swearing.

sg G. 2. c.24. YE any persons shall profanely curse or swear, and be thereof 1 convicted on.confession, or oath of one witness, before one justice (or mayor) he shall forfeit as follows: that is to say, Every day labourer, common soldier, or common seaman, is. livery other persons under the degree of a'gcntlemnn, 2s. And every persons of or above the degree of a gentleman, And for a second offence after conviction, double; and to every other offence after u second conviction, treble.

Which said penalties shall go to the poor of the parife where the offence was committed,

If

Swearing.

If such perfori shall curse or swear in the presence arid hear- c. a log of a justice (or mayor), &c. he shall convict him without other proof.

If in the prelence and hearing of a constable, if he is un- u. known to such constable, the said constable shall seize and carry him forthwith before the next justice (or mayor of a town Corporate) who shall convict hint upon the oath of such.coil-liable;

If lie is known to such constable, he shall speedily make in- u. formation before forne justice (or mayor), &c. in order that he may be convicted.

The constable, if it be in his hearing, is required to prose- Bun, cute; but any other person also may prosecute if he pleases. — ? 293 N. B. The profectition mull be within eightidays.

Suchjustice (or mayor) shall immediately on such infor- c ination on the oath of arty constable, or of any other person, cause the offender to appear before him ; and on proof of such information convict him : and if he shall not immediately pay down the penalty, or give security to the satisfac-iion of such justice (or mayor), he may commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for ten days.

The charges of the information and conviction shall be paid Id. oy the offender, if able, over and above the penalties; which charges shall be ascertained by such justice. i And if he shall not immediately pay such charges, or give u, security to the satisfaction of such justice (or mayor), he may commit hini to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for six days, over arid above such time for which he may be committed for non-payment of the penalties; and in such case, no charges of information arid conviction shall be paid by any person.

If such soldier or fcaman shall not so pay or secure the pe- /</. nalty, and also the colls of the information, summons, and conviction, he shall, in Head of being committed to the house of correction, be ordered to be publicity set in the Hocks for one hour for every firigle offence, and for any number of offences, whereof he shall be convicted at one and the same time, wo hours.

The conviction shall be in the words and form following:

Be it remembered, that on the--- day of — in the ----- ----- year

tf Ms majesty's reign, A. I), nuns convicted before me ---- one

if hit majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, divi-.*», m liberty aforesaid; (or before me — mayor of th city or

luxe of---- within the county of ----- -) of fiaearing one or more

fiofane oath or oaths, or of curjing one or more profane curse or turps. Given under my hand andfcal the day and year aforesaid.

The justice (or mayor) shall causethe conviction to be fairly v.ritten upon parchment, and returned to the next general or R r quarter

Id.

Id.

3°5

C. 21.

W. jv*

2. ( 2t.

306

19 <7. 2. e.

Id,

U.

J a? s r.

K.

w.

Swearing.

quarter-sessions for the county, to be filed say the clerk of the peace, and kept among# the records.

If any justice (or mayor) shall omit his duty, in the cxeca. tion of chi s aft, he shall forfeit jl.; half to the poor wherein shall rclide, and half to him that shall sue in any conn cf record.

' Constable omitting his duty, shall on conviction, on osil of one witness, before one justice (or mayor) forfeityos. a be levied by distress, half to the informer, and half to tie poor: and if he have not sufficient goods whereon to lev,-,' such justice (or mayor) may commit him to the houseofeo,. rection, to be kept to hard labour for one month.

This act shall be ptiblickiy read four times in the year, is 1 all churches and chapels, by the minister immediately aft),-I morning or evening prayer, on the Sundays next after Mattil 25, June 24, Sept. 29, and Dec.'25; on pain of 5I. fcj every offence, to be levied by distress, by warrant of a juliite, S mayor, or other chief magistrate. I

Tithes.

5 /"'<REAT tithes, arc chiefly corn, hay, and-wood. Sdl c' ' \_J tithes,- are the prxdial tithes of other kinds, tegetk with tltofe which are called mixt and personal. Offerings, oblations, and obventions, arc the customary payments fc communicants at Eailer, for marriages; chriilening?vchuttfc ing of women, burials, and such like.

Of these demand mutt first be made, and if any perks shall fail in the payment of the same, by the space cf y days after such demand, the person to whom the fiintefcl be due, may make complaint in writing to two ju.feii the peace, neither of whom is patron of the church or & pel, nor interested in the tithes.

Hereupon the said justices shall -j-summon in writing oak; their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, every perse again# whom such complaint shall be made. And after:: pearance, or deft 11 It of appearance (the warning or future: being proved upon oath) the said justices shall proceed to k and determine the complaint: and give in writing under ik. hands and seals, such compensation as they shall judge tot just and reasonable; and also such colts and charges, man cccding tos. as upon the merits of the cause shall appearjni

Also they may give colts, not exceeding 10s. to the pa prosecuted, if they shall find the complaint to be failed vexatious.

And if any person shall refuse or neglect by the space ten days after such notice given, to pay cr satisfy fiichf.

‘ Sec Appendix, No. Sj.

-] Sea Appendix, fw. Si.

adiai;

Tithes, 307

adjudged; the constables and churchwardens, or one of them, fnali by warrant under the hands and seals of the said justices,

' distrain his goods.

But the distress shall be detained not less than four days, nor more than eight; and the officers may deduct the charges not only of making and keeping the distress, but also of the file.

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two Justices, Id. may appeal to the next sessions.

Where any + quaker shall refute to pay or compound for the 10.Jl. 2. c. 6. same, any parlon, vicar, or other person who ought to re-evive or tolled! any fuel) tithes, rates, dues, or payments, may make complaint to any two julliccs, other than such as is patron, or any way in torched in the tithes.

Upon which complaint the justices Aiall J fumtnon in writing under their hands and seals, by reasonable warning, such quaker. And may proceed to examine the truth of the complaint, and to ascertain and Hate what is due and payable.

And by order under their hands and seals, they tnay § direct Id. and appoint the payment thereof; so as the ium ordered (as is aforesaid) do not exceed 10I. And also such colls and charges, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding 10s.

And on refusal to pay, it shall be lawful for any one of the /<? two next julliccs, by warrant under his hand seal, to levy the inns by || distress and sale, rendering the overplus, the necessary charges of distraip.ing being thereout firit deducted and allowed by the said justice; unless it be in the case of appeal, and then no warrant of distress shall be granted, till after the appeal shall be determined.

By the statute of the 27 0. 2. c. 20. which in all other cases gives the indices power, in their warrant of distress, to order the goods distrained to be detained for a certain time, not iefs than four nor more than eight days, the tithes and church rates of quakers are excepted.

Any person aggrieved by the judgment of the two justices, may appeal to the next sessions.

Tobacco.

THE justices shall a month before every sessions, ilfuc 21 fs? 23 C.

their warrants to all high and petty constables, to search c- -> what tobacco is planted, cured, or made, and by whom; and to make presentment in writing on oath at the next sessions, of the names of such persons as have planted, cured,- or made any tobacco, and what quantity of land is or was planted,

See Appendix, No, S7. § See Appendix, No. 8fi.

t See Appendix, No. 82. || Sec Appendix, No. SS.

j Sec Appendix, No. 84.

R. r 2 and

308 Tobacco^

and who are the tenants or occupiers thereof, who shall also be deemed the planters. s» & 23 C. *6. And all constables, and other public officers, shall, within 14 days after warrant from two justices, utterly destroy all tobacco feed, plant, and leaf planted, sowed, or growing in any field or ground. — And if any shall refuse or neglect to assist the constable, he shall on conviction before two justices, forfeit js. to be levied by warrant of the said justices by dif. tress; and if no distress can be found, he shall be committed to the common gaol for one week. — And if any person shall refill the constable or other person in the due execution hereof, he shall, on conviction before two justices, forfeit jl. by warrant of the said justices by distress; and if no distress can be found, shall be committed to the common gaol for three months, s G.fl.s. c.46. Any servant employed in adulterating tobacco and fnulf, shall, on conviction before two justices, by oath of onewit-ness, be committed to the common gaol or house of correc. tion, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding six months.

24 G. s. t. 41. And if any tobacco, or stalks, exceeding 241b. or fnulf cs.

ceeding iolb. shall be found removing by land from the port of importation, without a certificate of payment of the duty, the same, together with the packages, horses, and carriages shall be forfeited; and the carrier shall besides be committed to the county gaol for one month by one justice, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found.

The seizure of the said horses and carriages may be profc: cuted and determined before two justices residing near the place where the seizure was made.

Torn.

2 sj. ^"T"'HE sheriff's torn is the king's court of record, holdtn _|_ before the sheriff, for the redrclling of common gritr. ances within the county, ji H. 3. c. 10. Peers, clergymen, and tenants in ancient demefnc, art priviledged from appearing at the torn.

Transportation.

Punishment in lieu of transportation.

i<) C. 3. t. 74. "pENITENTIARY houses, for confining and employin' X in hard labour, in one of the said houses, such male con-vidls, and in the other such female convicts, as shall beot-

detect

Transportation.

ted to imprisonment and hard labour, were, in purfuarice of this act, to be erected: but the act expiring in June 17.84, it was not judged necessary to trouble the reader with it.

Treason.

THO' treason and misprilion of treason are not within the 4 u„w,

letter of the commission of the peace, yet inasmuch as Hale's PI. i68< they arc against the peace of the king and of the realm, any 1 H. 37--justice of the peace may, either upon his own knowledge, or the complaint of others, cause any person to be apprehended for any such offence. And such justice may take the examination of the person so apprehended, and the information of all those who can give any material evidence against him, and put the same in writing; and also bind over such as are able to give any such evidence to the king's bench, or gaol delivery, and certify his proceedings to such court.

And having committed the offender (for he is by no means bailable by justices of the peace, 3 Ed. 1. c. iy. 2 Ha-v. pp.) it may be adviseable for him to fend an account immediately, of all the particulars, to a secretary of date.

The nature of treason which had not been exactly defined before, was ascertained by the 2; Ed. 3. Which aft was reinforced by the 1 Mar. So that no offence is now to be ellccmed high treason, unless declared to be such by the fiid statute 25 Ed. 3. or by the 1 Mar. or by some subsequent statute.

Treasurer.

'TM-JF. treasurers shall be persons rendent in the county or J2 <7, 2. c. sj.

division, and Hull be appointed by the justices at their general or quarter-sessions; first giving sufficient security to be accountable for the money which shall be paid to them in pwfuance of this act (for levying of county-rates) and to pay such sums as shall be ordered by the justices in sessions, and for the due and faithful execution of the trulls reposed in ibcm.

T urnips.

Turnips, &c. See. &c.

310.

*3<?. 3. c. 33. TF any person shall Heal and take away, or maliciously nBj[ A iip or dellroy, any turnips, potatoes, cabbages, psirft'tpi peale, or carrots, growing or being in any garden, land ,'c: grountls, open or encioied, hefliali, on conviction btif:;i . ;:.-. justics, by confeliion or oath of one tvitness, forfeit fuel; fua not exceeding ios. over and above the vaiac of tile genii Men, as to inch justice shall teem meet; lirfi making th-owner ladsfaction for the damage: the sum forfeited to f,. distributed between the owner uf the goods Helen and th; overseers of the poor where the offence is committed, or th; whole to be given either to the owner of the goods, or to ;ac overseeers of the poor, as the justice shall think fit. And in default cl payment, the justice shall commit him to the houfo of correction, there to lie kept to hard labour, not c\. ceeding one month, unless the penalty (nail be sooner paid.

Where the conviction shall be on the oath of the owner, the whole of the penalty shall be paid to the overseer for the use of the poor.

And the conviction shall be drawn up to the following effect : Be it remembered, thni on the--day of ----- in th. r:,ir

of our Lord---- A. 11 is duly cemvieled. before me C. D. ejtfui,

one of his majcjlfs jujlicei of the peace for the comity of — [specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case dial! be.J Gha. under my hand andfeal the day midyear aforesaid.

Vagrants.

1. Idle and disorderly persons.

IDLE and disorderly persons shall be sent to the house of correction ; by the 17 G. 2. c. 5. they are thus defcriM: I. All persons who threaten to run away, and leave their wives and children to the parish. 2. All persons who (hill unlawfully return to the parish or place from whence they have been legally removed, without bringing .1 certificate.

3.' All persons who not having wherewith to maintain themselves, live idle without employment, and refuse to work for the usual and common wages given to other labourers in the like work, in the parishes or places where they are. 4. AS persons going about from door to door, or placing themselves in (Ireets, highways, or passages, to beg or gather aimsia the parishes or places where they dwell. It shall be lawful

Vagrants. 311

for one justice to commit such offenders (on the oath of one witness) to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour not exceeding one month. The justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, may order any overseer where such offender shall be apprehended, to pay js. to any person in such ' parish or place so apprehending him, for every offender so apprehended; to be allowed in his accounts, on producing the justice's order, and the person's receipt to whom it was paid: and if the overseer shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, the said justice on oath thereof, may by his warrant order the lame to be levied by distress and falc of his goods,

(returning the overplus if any to the said overseer) and in such case he shall not be allowed the same in his accounts.

2. Rogues and vagabonds.

AN infant under the age of seven years, shall not be said 17 G. 3. c, 5. to be a rogue and vagabond; but shall be removed to its place oflettlcment, as other poor persons not I'.igranrs.

All persons going about as patent-gatherers, or gatherers of aims, under pretences of Iols by lire, or other casualty.

Persons going about as collectors for prisons, gaols, orhof-pitals.

Fencers.

Bearwnrds.

Common players of interludes, or other entertainments of the llage, not being authorized by law.

Minstrels, except those licensed by the lord of Dutton in Cheshire.

Jugglers.

All persons pretending to be gypsies, or wandering in the habit or form of Egyptians.

Or pretending to have skill in physiognomy, palmcllry, or like crafty feience, or to tell fortunes.

Or tiling any subtle craft to deceive and impose on any of his majesty's subjects.

Or playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays.

All persons who run away, and leave their wives or children, whereby they become chargeable to any parish or place.

All petty chapmen, and pedlars, wandering abroad, not being duly licensed, or otherwise authorized by law.

All persons wandering abroad, and lodging in alehouses, burns, outhouses, or in the open air, not giving a good account of themselves.

All persons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to he folaiers, mariners, or seafaring men. But not soldiers' wanting subsistence, having lawful certificates from their officers, or the secretary at war; or mariners or seafaring

men

312 Vagrants.

men licenced by some testimonial or writing under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace, setting down the time and place of their landing or discharge, and the place to which they are to pass, and the names of the chief towns or places through which they are to pass, and limiting thetimi of their pafl'age.

All persons wandering abroad, pretending to go to work in harvest, without a proper certificate, from their parish. zj C. 3. c. 88. All other persons wandering abroad and begging; and all persons having any implement for house-breaking, or any of fenfive weapon with felonious intent — shall be deemed rogue; and vagabonds within the meaning of the statute 17 <?.'

r. j. i

3. Incorrigible rogues

*7 G> it c. 3. ARE all end-gatherers offending against the statute of the 13 G. being convicted of such offence, viz. the collecting, buying, receiving, or carrying any ends of yarn, wefts, thrums, short yarn, or other refuse of cloth, drugget, or other woollen goods.

All persons apprehended as rogues and vagabonds, and escaped from the persons apprehending them, or refusing to go before a justice, or to be examined on oath before fitch justice,'or refusing to be conveyed by. such pass as is herein after dirufted, or knowingly giving a false account of themselves on such examination, after warning given them of their punishment.

All rogues or vagabonds who shall break or escape out of any house of correction, before the expiration of the term for which they were committed or ordered to be confined by thi; aft. !

All persons who after having been punished as rogues and vagabonds, and discharged, shall again commit any of the ; said offences.

If any person shall be found offending against this act, the 1 constable shall apprehend him, and convey or cause him to be i conveyed to a justice of the peace. And any other person mar apprehend him, and carry him to the constable, or to a justice.

If any person, not being a constable, shall apprehend any such rogue or vagabond, and shall deliver him to a conlla-hie, or convey him to a justice; or if any constable shall so apprehend and convey him, it shall be lawful for such justice to reward him, by snaking an order under his hand and seal, upon the high constable, to pay 10s. to the person f» apprehending hint, within one week after demand, and producing such order, and on his giving a receipt for the lame; which shall be allowed by the treasurer to such high constable,

cr.

Vagrants. 313

on passing his accounts, and delivering such order and receipt,

and also hi's own-'receipt for the same to fitch treasurer; the treasurer also to be allowed the same in his accounts, on producing the said vouchers; and in towns corporate, and other places, where there are no high, constables, such petty con-liable shall pay or retain such reward, and be allowed the same in their accounts, on producing the like vouchers. And it any high constable, or where there is none, such petty con-liable, ihsil refuse or, neglect to pay . such reward on demand, such justice by his warrant may levy the sum of 20s. by distress and sale.

If the constable shall refuse or neglect to nfc his bell en- 17C.2. t. j, dcavours to apprehend or convey to some justice such offender; or if any ocher person, being charged by any justice so - to do, flaall refuse or neglect to use his belt endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the constable, or to cairy such offender before sonic justice, where no conllabic can be found ; he Dial!, being convicted thereof on view, or oath of one witness, before one justice, forfeit zos. to the poor, by distress.

The justices, or two of them, shall four times a year at a, ball, orofccner (if need be) meet in their respe&ire divisions, and by their warrant command the conilublcs of every hundred, parish, town, and hamlet, who shall be aflilted with diffident men, to make a general privy search in one night, for the apprehending of rogues and vagabonds; and every justice Ih.-Jl also on receiving information, that regues and vagabonds are in any place within hisjurisdictlion, issue his warrant to the conllabic to search for and apprehend such rogues and vagabonds, and such as they shall iind upon such search, they shall cause to be brought before a justice.

Two justices, in case any person apprehended upon a gc- 36.

Krai privy search, or by a special warrant, shall be charged before them with being a rogue and vagabond, or an idle or dilordcrly person, or with suspicion of felony (although no direct proof be then made thereof) may examine such person on oath, as to his settlement and means of livelihood; and the substance of such examination shall be put in writing, and signed by such person, and by the justices, and be tr.inlmitted to the next sessions to be filed; and if such person shall not shew that he has a lawful way of getting his livelihood, or Cull not procure some responsible househceper -o his character, and give security (if required) for. his future appearance at some other day to be fixed for that purpefe, the justices may commit him to some prison or house of correction, for any time not exceeding six days; and in the mean time order the overseers of the poor to advertise in some public paper a description of his person, and any thing that shall be S s found

34

S7 C. t. c. 5.

U.

13 S? 14 C. z.

ft I<v«

S7 C. z. t. 5.

k.

Vagrants.'

found on him, or in his custody, and which' he shall be suspected not to have come honestly by, and the place of his commitment, and the time and place appointed for his reexamination ; and if no accusation shall be then laid againf: him, he shall be discharged, or otherwise dealt with according to law.

Where any rogues or vagabonds, apprehended by any con-liable, or such other person as aforesaid, shall be brought before a justice, he shall inform himself by the examination upon oath of the person apprehended, or of any other person, of the condition and circumstances of the person so apprehended, and of the parish or place where he was last legally settled; the substance of which shall be put into writing, and be signed by the person or persons so examined; and the justice shall likewise sign the same, and transmit it to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

And such justice shall order such person so apprehended, to be publickly whipt by the constable, petty constable, or Ibme other person, to be appointed by such constable, or petty constable, of the parish or place, where such person was apprehended ; or shall order him to be sent to the honfe of correction till the next sessions, or for any less time, as such justice shall think proper.

The jafticcs ih sessions may transport such rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars, as shall be duly convicted, anil adjudged to be incorrigible.

If the child of any vagrant, above the age of seven yean, shall be committed to, the house of correction, the justicesin sessions, if they fee convenient, at any time before such shall be discharged, may order fitch child to be placed out as a servant or apprentice to any person within their jurisdiflim, who is willing to take such child, till such child shall be of j the age of 21 years, or for alefstime: and if any offender, j who was found wandering with such child, shall be again found with the same child which was so placed out, he M be deemed, an incorrigible rogue.

Where any vagrants have been committed to the house of correction till the next sessions, if on examination of such persons no place can be found, to which they may be conveyed by a pass, the sessions shall order them to be detained and employed in the house of correction, until they can provide ft; themselves, or until the justices ir. sessions can place them is Ibme lawful calling, as servants, apprentices, soldiers, nsti-ners, or otherwise.

After whipping or confinement, the justice may, if t: plunks convenient, by a pass, under hand and seal, cause then-grant to be conveyed to the place of his last legal feulemcw; but if it cannot be. found, then to the place of his birth; e;

1

Vagrants.

if he be under the age of 14 years, and haye any father or mother living, then to the place of the abode of such father or mother, there to be delivered to some churchwarden or overseer.

And the justice shall make a duplicate of the pass and ex- q animation, and sign the same: and shall afterwards transmit the duplicate of the pass, annexed to the examination, to the next sessions, there to be filed and kept on record ; and dial! annex the duplicate of the examination to the pass, and fend it with the same; and the said pass, examination, and duplicate thereof, shall and may be read in any court of record at evidence.

And the justice, who shall make the pnfs, shall with the U. pass cause likewise to be delivered to the constable a note or certificate ascertaining how they are to be conveyed, by horse, cart, or on foot, and what allowance such constable is to have for conveying them.

Ar.d the constable, who shall receive such pass and certi- u. Heats, shall convey the person according to the direction of the pass, the next direct way to the place where he is ordered whefent, if it be in the same county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise ; if not, he shall deliver the said person to the constable of the iirft town, parish, or place, in the next county, riding, division, corporation, or franchise; in the dircfl way to the place whither he is to be conveyed, together with the pass and duplicate of the examination, taking his receipt for the same. And such constable shall without delay apply to some justice in the same county or division, who shall make the like certificate, and deliver it to such coaliable, who shall with all fpced convey such person unto the iirft parish, town, or place to which he is to be conveyed.

And so from one county or division to another, till they come 10 the place to which such person is sent. And the con-liable, who shall deliver such person to the churchwarden, or other person ordered to receive him, by such pass, shall at the same time deliver the said pass, with the duplicate of the examination, taking their receipt for the same.

The justices in sessions shall limit what rates and allowances, ^ by the mile, or otherwise, shall be made, for conveying or maintaining rogues, vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues; and make such other orders for the more regular proceeding therein, as they shall think proper.

And if any petty constable shall bring to any high constable u, such certificate as aforesaid, together with a receipt or note from the constable to whom the person was delivered, the said high constable shall pay the rates ascertained by such certificate, taking the petty constable's receipt. And if the high constable shall refuse or neglect to pay the same or. demand,

8 s z it

316

16 G. i. c.

17 G.». c.

Id.

U.

Id.

Id.

Vagrants.

>.

it shall be lawful for one justice, by-his warrant, to levy double the sum by distress.

Where the high constable hath not money in his hand fuf. ficient to answer the said experices, the treafarer !hai! pay the same to such petty constable, on his producing the certificatt, and such other vouchers as aforesaid.

If a petty constable, or governor of any house of correc. § tion, shall coanterleit such certificate or receipt, or knew, ingly permit any alteration to be made therein, he shall forfeit 50I. And if he shall not convey, or cause to be con-Veyed, such vagrants, or not deliver them to the proper person; or if any constable shall refuse to receive any such ptr-son, or to give such receipt, he shall forfeit 20I. by didreii and sale, by warrant of the julticos in sessions, where the of fence shall be committed; half to the informer, and half to the treasurer, to he applied by him as part of the public stock; returning the overplus upon demand, charges of distress being first satisfied.

The parish or place to which any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue shall be conveyed, shall employ in wort 0: place in some workhouse or almfhouse, the person so coa. veyed, until he shall betake himself to some service or other employment: and if he shall refuse to work, or not betake himself to some service or other employment, the overlws may cause him to be carried to some justice, to be sent to the house of corroction, there to be kept to hard labour.

But if the churchwarden or other person, who shall receive any person so sent, shall think the examination to be fills, he may carry the person so font before a justice, who, if he fs cause, may commit such person to the house of correction till -the next sessions; and the justices there, if they.fee cause, may-deal with such person as an incorrigible rogue: but the person so lent shall not be removed from the place to which he is sent, but by order of two justices, in the same manner si other poor persons are removed to the place of their settlement.

Lunatic!: vagrants may be apprehended, and kept fafelr locked up in some fcctire place within the county, or pic-eindl, as two justices ftni! appoint; and all charges flnllb paid by the parish, t'ownship, or place, to which such ps--son belongs, by order of two justices, directed to the churchwardens and overseers for that purpose.

If any person shall knowingly permit any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, to lodge or take shelter in his hod-barn, or other outhouse or building, and shall not apprehend and carr-y him before a justice,' or give notice to the conlhbls so to do; and shall be convicted thereof by confession, orosn of one witness, before one justice, he shall forfeit not e.ratd-

iaj

Vagrants. 317

ing 40s. nor less than ios. half to the informer, and half to the poor, by distress and sale; and if1 any charge shall, be brought on any parish or place, by means of such offence, the same shall be answered to the said parish or place by such offender, and be levied by distress and sale of his goods as aforesaid: and if sufficient distress cannot be found, such offender shall be committed to the house of correction by the justice, for any time not exceeding one month.

Where any vagrant woman shall be delivered of a child or 17 G. 1. e. 5. children, and become chargeable, the churchwardens or over-kersmay detain such woman in their custody, until they can rifely convey her to a justice; who shall examine her; and commit her to the house of correction until the next sessions; who may, if they fee convenient, order her to be publickly whipped, and detained in the house of correction for any fur- . ther time not exceeding ftx months. And upon application by the' churchwardens and overseers of the place where (lie was lb delivered, the ju.Tices at such sessions shall order the treasurer to pay them such a sum, as shall be adjudged a rca-fcicblc iaiisfhflion for the charges such place has been put to 03 such woman's account. And if such woman shall be de-tained and conveyed to a justice' as aforesaid, the child of which Ihe is delivered, if a bollard, shall not be settled in the place where so born, her be Cent thither for want of other fet-tlemeni,' by a pass, by virtue of this act; but the' settlement of such woman dull be deemed the settlement of such child.

And that it may appear, that the overseers have done svhat Sm, -jcl. h, was incumbent upon them, in order to avoid such settlement, 35--it is requifttc for the justice (as he ought ro do in all other cases wherein lie afletii "as judge) 10 make a record of the whole proceedings before him;'which record (as it seemeth) will be the proper evidence in such case, if the (ettleinent shall afterwards be contclled.

If any constable, or other officer, shall be defective in his 17 C. 2. r. j. duty, in any case for which ho punishment is herein before particularly provided; of if any person shall hinder the execution of this act, and shall be thereof convicted, on oath of one witaefs, before one justice, lie shall forfeit not exceeding jl. for under ios. to she'poor by distress; and, if.sufficicntdiftrcfs cannot be found, shall be committed to the hottfe of correction to be kept to hard labour, not exceeding two months.

To defray the expences of apprehending, conveying, and 1- g. 2. 5. maintaining rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, and defraying all other expences necessary for the execution of this sS, not herein before provided for, the justices in sessions may cattfe such sums as shall be necessary, to be raised in the same manner as the general county rate.

Any person aggrieved by the act of any justice out of felii-ons, in or concerning the execution of this act, may appeal

to

318 Vagrants.

to the next general or quarter sessions of the county, riding,: liberty, or division, giving reasonable notice thereof j whole! order thereupon shall be final.

Warrant.

zH, H. 86. TF a justice fee a felony or other breach of the peace eons X mitted in his presence, he may in his own person apprehend the felon; and so he may by word command any person to apprehend him, and such command is a good warrant without writing: but if the same be done in his absence, then he mult issue his warrant in writing.

1 Ui'ji. 84. There seems to be no doubt, but that a warrant may K lawfully granted by any justice, for treason, felony, orpti-munire, or any other offence against the peace: Also it fetat clear, that Wherever a (iatute gives to any one justice a jo-rifdiction over any offence, or a power to require any perfos to do a certain thing ordained by such (Iatute, it by implicit® gives a power to every such justice to make out a warrants bring before him any person accused of such offence, or cost, pcllable to do the thing ordained by such statutej for it cat not but be intended, that a statute giving a person jurisdiSisa over an offence, doth mean also to give him the power incident to all courts of compelling the party to come tiefe: him.

Run. v. iv. But in cases where the king is no party, or where no ter-poral punishment is appointed, as in cases for servants' W2=e, and the like, it seemeth that a summons is the more proper process: and for default of appearance the justice may pieced ; and so indeed oftentimes it is directed by l'perit statutes.

1 II. U. jSi. It is convenient, though not always necessary, that tb

2 II. II. hi. party who demands the warrant be first examined on oats,

touching the whole matter whereupon the warrant is dtmsni cd, and that examination put in writing.

flj/r. c, 1S9. Or at lcall: it is safe to bind him over to give evidence; 1:': afterwards when the offender shall be apprehended, or lb. surrender himself, the party that procured the warrant 1 gone.

zH.H. 107. A justice hath power to

ill.II. So. suspected of felony. For the justices are judges of the id fonableness of the suspicion, and when they have exams! the party accuiing touching the reasons of his suspicion.: they find the causes of suspicion to be reasonable, it is B1 become the justices' suspicion as well as his.

tfftte a warrant to apprehend 2 perf"

I

Warrant. 319

Yet insomuch as jnllices claim this power rather by conni- s Jbv>. S<. vance, than any express warrant of law, and since the undue execution of it may prove so highly prejudicial to the reputation as well as the liberty of the party, ajustice cannot well be too tender in his proceedings of this kind, and seems to be punishable not only at the suit of the king, but also of the party grieved, if he grant any such warrant, without such probable cause as might induce a candid and impartial man to suspect the party to be guilty.

Itisfafe, but perhaps not necessary, in the body of the u. warrant to Iheiv the plnce where it was made; yet it seems ne-cdl'ary to set forth the county, in the margin at leak, if it be not set forth in the body.

It may be directed to the sheriff, bailiff, constable, or to jj, any indifferent person by name who is no officer; for the jnf-tice may authorize any one to be his officer, whom he pleases lo make such; yet it is most adviseable to direct it to the con-Sable of the precinct wherein it is to be executed, for that no other constable, and a fortion no private person is compellable to serve it.

In the case of an act of parliament, if the act directeth that L. Rcya. nc. ajustice shall grant a warrant, and doth not say to whom it tSM. 381. shall be directed, by consequence of law it mult be directed to the constable, and it cannot be directed to the sheriff, unless such power is given in the act.

The warrant, especially if it be for the peace or good be- Dah. c. 169-haviour, or the like, where sureties are to be found or re- - !j; quired, ought to contain the special cause and matter where- ~ ' '11 ' upon it is granted, to the intent the party upon whom it is to be served may provide his sureties, and take them with him to the justice to be bound for him; but if the warrant be for treason, murder, or felony, or other capital offence, the warrant of the justice may be to bring the party before him, to make answer to such things or matters generally, as shall be objected again!! him on the king's behalf.

The warrant may issue to bring the party before thejuf- 111. n. 5S2, lice who granted the warrant specially, and then the officer ; H. //. uz. i; bound to bring him before the same justice; hut if the warrant be to bring him before any justice, then it is in the election of the officer to bring him before what justice of the county he thinks fit, and not in the election of the prisoner.

Finally, it ought to be under the hand and seal of the juf- - Hat. Sy. iicewho makes it out.

If any person, again!! whom a warrant shall be issued, shall =4 G- -c- St-escapcout of the jurisdiction of the justice granting the warrant ; any justice for the county or place, where such person shall so escape or be, upon proof on oath of the handwriting of the justice granting such warrant, shall indorse his name thereon; which shall be a sufficient authority to the person

bringing

' 320 Warrant.

bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom the same was originally direcicd, to execute the same in such other county or place; and to carry the offender before the justice who indorsed the warrant, or font c other justice or jut', ticcsof that county, if the offence be bailable, and theof. fender be ready to give bail for his appearance at the nest assizes or feihons for the comity or place where the offence ws committed; and such justice or justices shall take bail accordingly, and shall deliver the recognizance together with the examination or consession of the offender, and all other proceedings rclacingthereto,- to the constable or other person, who shall (on pain of iol. to him who shall fuel deliver over the same to the clerk of assize, or clerk of the peace, where the offender is required to- appear. And if the offence is not bailable, or he shall not give bail to the satisfaction of the justice before whom lie is brought, the constable or other ptr. Ion shall carry the offender before a justice of the props county or place where the offence was committed, there to bt dealt with according to law.

The form of which inclorfement may be thus:

FORJSMUCH as proof upon oath hath been made bcfmtt

----- ----- --- one of his Majijly's jifrices of the peace salt

county of ----- --- that the name A. B. is of the handwriting tj

the jttfiice of the peace within mentioned: 1 do thereby aathnitt C. D. who bringeth me this warrant, and all either perjeats whom the said warrant is d'treQed, to execute the same wilkisth

said county of ----- -Given tinder my hand, the ----- - — rs;

i f ----- --in the year ----- ---

Bum. i'd. \v. And the justice may farther order (if he thinks fit) tl*

f. jUo. - . party, according as lie shall appear bailable or not bsilrbl:

upon the face of the warrant, to be brought before himselfct same other justice or justices of that county, or to be canid back into the county from whence the warrant did ifftie.

Watch and Ward.

ViU. c.s04. \HATCHING is properly intended of the night, si

y y warding for the day time: and both ought to be t; men able of body, and fufikiently weaponed. r. i'9- ^8 watchman take any for suspicion of felony, lie may®

liver such persons to the constable, or may convey them tot

jal'iti,

Watfch and Ward; 32

jnliice, to be examined, and to be bound over or committed until they be acquitted in due manner.

If a watchman be killed in endeavouring to apprehend a j jill_ c burglar, his executors shall be entitled to 40I. reward. ' '3 '

Weights and Measures.

A STANDARD of weights and measures is to be kept SH. 6. c. 5.

in market towns, at which balance all the inhabitants H. may freely weigh without paying any thing; and justices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, and Rewards of franchises may esquire of offenders against this ordinance, and do execution of them that be found faulty.

The mayors, and other head officers in market towns, shall twice a year or oftner cause all weights and measures within the same, to be brought before them, and examined; and such as they find defective, to be broken and burnt; and the offender shall forfeit to the mayor or other officer, for the -first time, 6s. 8d. for the second time, 13s; 4d. and for the . third time 20s. and be set on the pillory. ' y

And whosoever shall fell by any other weight, measure, 16 C. c, 19. or yard, not according to the standard, or keep any such whereby any thing is bought or sold, shall forfeit 5s. on conviction before one justice, or mayor, on oath of one tvitness; to.be levied by the churchwardens and overseers, or foine of them, to the use of the poor, by distress., In default of diArefs, imprisonment till paid. '

But after all. Dr. Bum observes, notwithstanding the pu-nishments aforesaid, appointed by statute, for felling by false weights and measures; yet the same is also an offence at the : common law, and consequently may be punished by indidU nent, fine, and imprisonment.

Women.

IF any person shall unlawfully and carnally know and abuse ,g any woman child under the age of ten years, he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

The marriage of any person Under the age of 21, without 2<;g. 2, c. 33. the consent of parents or guardians, shall be null and void.

The judgment against a woman, in case of high treason, is z &,«. 144. not the same as against a man tray for, to be hanged, cut down alive, have the bowels taken out, and the body quar-T t tered;

322 Women.

tered; but to be. drawn to the place of execution, and there burned: and this also is the judgment against a woman, in-case of petit treason; whereas the judgment against a man for petit treason, is, that he shall be hanged.: but in case, of felony, the judgment is the same against both man and woman, to be hanged by the neck till dead.

Wood.

43 £/. e. 7. in' VERY person, who shall rob any orchards or gardens;

jpv or break or cut any hedge, pales, rails, or fence; or dig, or pull up, or take up any fruit tree or trees in any orchard, garden, or elsewhere; or shall cut or spoil any woods or underwoods, poles, or trees Handing; every such person, his procurers' an'd receivers, knowing the same,- being thereof J,1 convicted by confession, or oath of one witness, before one

justice, shall give to the party such recompence, and within such time, as the said justice-shall appoint;, and the same to ;be only for the first fault: and;if such offender shall be thought by the justice,. not able, or do not make such recompence, then he shall commit him to the constable where the offence shall be committed, or the party to be apprehended, to be , whipped.

15 c. i.1. The constable may' apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, every person he shall suspect, having or carrying any burden of ' any kind of wood; and by warrant of one justice, such office:

shall have po\yer,to enter into and search the houses, or other places belonging to the houses of every person- he shall fuf-pest to have any kind of wood, and where- he shall find any inch, to apprehend the persons suspected for cutting and j/iaking the same: and to carry before one justice as well thoft apprehended carrying, as thol'c in whose houses or- other places /.'.the same shall be found. And if such person do not then and there give a good account how he came by the same, he x shall be convictedof culling and (polling the same, and punched as by the act 43 El. and further by this act is appoint, cd, i. e. He shall for the first offence give the owner such ''recompence or satisfaction for damages, and within such time, as the instice shall appoint; and over and above paydown .. - presently to the overseers for the use of the poor, such sum

{not exceeding 10s. as the justice shall think meet; and if he - do not make such recompence, and also pay the said sum» the poor, the said justice shall {commit him to the honied correction for any time not exceeding one month, or he shall b

See Appendix, No. 102.

{ Sec Appendix, No. 103.

} See Appendix, No. 104. i

whippet

Wood. .323

whipped by the con liable. And if he shall again commit the said offence, and be thereof con rifted as-before, he shall be sent to the house of correction for one month, and be there kept to hard labour. And if he shall again commit the said offence, and be thereof conrifted as before, he shall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

But no person shall be punished by this act, un'less he be u C.r. 1.. questioned in six weeks after the offence committed.

Whosoever shall buy any burdens of wood, which may be justly suspected to l|ave been itolen, one justice, on complaint in six weeks, may examine the matter on oath; and-'may award the party who bought the same to pay treble value to him from whom it was unlawfully, taken; and in default of present payment, may issue his warrant to levy the same by dif-uefs, and in default of distress, may commit the party to gaol at his own charge, there to-remain one month without bail.

If any offender shall wrongfully and maliciously cut down, > G.J). z. r.ijS. ccllroy, deface, spoil, or .carry away, any wood, or under- 6 G- < »* wood; or throw down any hedges, gates, or inclosures-of woods', fruit trees, or other trees; two justices, or the justices in lefiions, on complaint made by any inhabitant of such pa- . rish or place, or by the owner of the wood, or by any other,' nay cause the offender to be apprehended, and hear and determine the offence; and on conviction, shall commit the of- . fender to the house of correction to hard labour for three , months, and where there is no house of correction, then to the county prison -for four months; and shall also order the offender to he publickly whipped by the mailer of such house of correction once every month, during such three months, in the borough or corporation in which the fast was commit-led, or it! the market town where such house _of correction Hands, or in the market town next adjacent to such house of ' correction in the same county, on the market day, between the hours of eleven'and two. And where there is no House of correction, tire said justices shall order him to be whipped by the common hangman once a month, during such four months, on the market day of such borough, or on the market day of some jqwn, between the hours of eleven and two. And before he shall be discharged, he shall find sufficient litre tics for" -his good behaviour for two years.

If any person shall unlawfully cut, take, destroy, break, 29 c, 2. f, 30, throw down, deface, spoil, or carry away, any tree growing in any waste, wood, or pasture, in which any person hath right of common, he shall be in like manner convicted, and incur the like penalty, as by the 1 G. Jl, 2. c. 48.

Every person who shall wilfully cut or break down, lop, 6 G. < lop, or otherwise deface, damage, spoil, or destroy, or carry Wray iuiy timber tree or trees, or trees likely to become tim-T t 1 ber.

324 Wood.

V

ber, or any part thereof, or the lops or. tops thereof, without the consent of the owner), (or in any of his majesty's forests or chafes, without the consent of the surveyor or his deputy) and shall be thereof convicted, on the oath of one \vitness before one justice, shall, for the first offence, forfeit not exceeding zol. together with the charges of conviction, to be ascertained by such justice; on (non-payment thereof, to be committed by such justiceto the common gaol, for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fix, or until tl>e penalty and chargest shall be paid: for the second offence, to forfeit not exceeding 30]., together with the charges as aforesaid; on non-payment, to be committed as aforesaid for any time not exceeding eighteen months, nor less than twelve, dr until the penalty and charges shall be paid: and if any person shallb; guilty jof a like offence a third time, and shall be thereof con. viftea, he shall be deemed guilty of felony, and the court before whom he shall be tried'shall have authority to transport him forseven years. And all. oak, beech, chesnut, walnut, alh, elm, cedar, fir, afp, lime, sycamore, and birch treei 13 C. 3. < 33- (and also poplar, alder, larch, maple,' and hornbeam) shall be deemed timber trees within the meaning of this act, '

6rj. 3. e.+S. Every person, who shall pluck up, spoil, destroy, take, ot carry away) any root, shrub, or plant, out of the fields, nur-series, woods or gardens, of any person without the consent of the owner) and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath ofone 1 witness before one justice, shall, forthefirfl offence, forfeit, not exceeding 40s. with the charges of conviction, and if not paid immediately, shall be committed to thehotife of correctioj, or one month, to be kept to hard labour, and once whipped there: for the second offence, he shall forfeit not exceeding . 5I. together with the charges as aforesaid; if not paid inunt-diately, then to be committed to the house of correction fit three months, to be kept to hard labour, and whipped there once in every of the said months: and for, a third offence, It shall be punished as above.

9 G. 3. c. 41 Every person who shall go into the woods of any of his majesty's subjects, not being the' lawful owner thereof, and shall there cut, spoil, or othdl wife destroy, any kind of wood, or carry or convey the same away; or shall, by night or day, cut down) destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any hollies, thorns, of quicksets, growing in any of his majesty's forelb' . or chafes, or within the woods or wood grounds of any of Ms majesty's subjects,' or shall have in his custody any kind of wood, or young trees, or any such hollies, thorns, or quick-sets, as aforesaid,' and shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, Jjefore One or more justices of the peace, he shall for the two first offences be punished, as in tin

Wood. 325

!all case: and being duly convicted of a third offence, he shall lit deemed'an incorrigible rogue, and punished as such.

And his majesty's justices of the peace of the respective 5 places where any of the said offences shall be committed, shall put this act in execution.

The said forfeitures to be distributed, half to the informer, and half to the person aggrieved.

And if any person shall hinder, or attempt to prevent, the lazing or securing any person employed in carrying away any such umber or other trees; he shall forfeit iol. to him who hall convict such offender: if not paid immediately on conviction, the justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of correction to hard labour, not exceeding six calendar months.

'The conviction to be written on parchment or paper, in ihe following form, or to the like effect:

----! BE it remembered, that on the — — — day of ----- ----- --

---- J in the year — — , A. B. anas, upon the complaint

i/C. D. canniSed before ----- of the justices of the peace for

— , in pursuance of an act passed in the sixth year [or the ninth year'] of the reign of his majesty king George the third,

(ir — (as the case shall be),

Given under — hand and, seal, the day and year above written.

The which conviction shall be certified to the next sessions,

(here to be filed amongst the records.

Jf any person shall in the night-time malicionlly destroy jc? -3 c. s, 'any plantations of trees, or throw down any inclosures; her. 7. shall forfeit to the party grieved, treble damages: and three justices (1 ^.) may esquire thereof, in six months, as well lyajury, as by examination of witnesses on oath, or by any lawful ways, whiclfto them shall seem meet.

1 Every person who shall, in the night time, lop, top, burn, 6 Ci, c, ^

tr otherwise spoil, or carry away any oak, beech, or other

tree, Handing for timber, or likely to become timber, with-

hit the consent of the owner thereof; or shall, in the night

lime, pluck up, break, spoil, or destroy, any root, Ihrub, or

plant, of the value of 5s. growing in the garden ground,

turfery, or other indofed ground of any person ; or shall be

lifting or aflilling therein; or shall buy or receive such root,

hrub, or plant, knowing the same to be stolen; shall be

;nilty of felony, and transported for seven years.

If any person shall maliciously set on lire any wood, cop- , c.Jl. i. c. 48. ice, or any part thereof; he shall be guilty of felony.

See also Black Ad, 9 G. c. 22.

Where

326

=9 G. a.

Burn,

29 C. 2.

41». 3. c

1 &' 2 r ‘.S'

u.

Id.

9 fif ic £. 40.

19 G.2.

Wood.

c, jc. Where the inhabitants of any parish or tow.nftup {hail fc willing to acquire a right of inclosure of wastes for the e*. ployment and benefit of their poor, they may (by the confon and direction of the major part of the inhabitants assembleda a vestry or publick meeting to be held for that purpose, publick notice thereof in the church being first given on three Sundays before) pay the recompence for the same, and lit charges of inclosing and preserving such grounds out of the poor rate ; and shall apply the profit from the sale of fuel timber or underwood, towards the relief of the poor.

Note, here is no allowance for the charges of planting.

. c. 36. The agreement for such inclosure shall be in writing, al signed by the parties, and within three months after the ex. cution thereof be enrolled by the clerk of the peace Hut the -greater part of such wastes, woods, or pastures Ihi lie. _

Persons aggrieved,', by such ..agreement may within It months after the'enrollment appeal to the sections, whosede-termination shall be final. ' *

. 3,. It shall be lawful for every surveyor of his majesty's wood, and his lawful deputy, besides the^penalties for destroyin* the trees or underwood, to seize and take away for his m use, any saw, ax, hatchet, billhook, or other instruratitt,' used by any person whom they shall find unlawfully {locking: up, (awing, cutting down, topping, lopping, or dcltroyiny, any timber tree, or other tree, underwood, or covert, wifi such forest or chase.

itM. No person shall carry any wood'out of the realm witbtl lawful authority so to do, on pain that the owner of these shall forfeit the ship and tackle; the owner of the wool, double value of the wood; and the mailer and mariners.sll their goods, and be imprisoned for a year.

And if any person shall obtain a, royal licence to trad port wood, and shall carry more than^is contained in lit licence; he shall forfeit treble value, and be imprisoned fori year.

The said forfeitures to be half to the king, and half to lb that shall sue . in any court of record; moreover, all at! singular the justices of the peace, within three years after at offence committed, may hear and determine the same byt jury. ' -

Woollen Manufacture.

W. 3. TF any officer in feizingtyool, or endeavouring to appreliti;

A offenders, be beaten or killed, or the wool seized be id 1 I-'- cued, the hundred shall answer damages, as in cases of r&

b:ri

I

. Woollen Manufacture. 327

jbery, not exceeding 40I. for any beating, nor 200I. for loss 'pithe wool; and shall pay iool. to the executor or admi-jniirator of such person killed: provided that notice of the offence be given to, or left at the house of, forae constable near the place, as (peedily as conveniently may be, describing [heoffender, time, and place; and also in four days, to two Inhabitants near; and in eight days, oath be made before a jaliite, whether the party knows the offender, and if he does, jrntering into recognizance to prosecute; and in V.o days, like Mice be given in the Gazette; and tool, bond, with two jfsreties, be given before the sheriff, to the high constable, to jay colls, if cad; and provided that an offender is not collided in six months; and that the action be commenced liihiii a year.

And if any person shall be maimed or grievously wounded n apprehending such offender, lie shall have moreover a fur-hcr reward-of 50I. to be paid by the of of the inlloms or excise.

And the executors or administrators of such person killed.

Ml have from them tool, over and above what is paid by

I: hundred.

For the better discovery of the deceitful working of wool- y, c, ,3.

1 cloth, two justices, on information of any one of his owledge or suspicion of such offence, may grant their war-i! to call before them any person that dial! be thought fit discover any such offence, and examine that person on oath; dif it be found, by twowitnesses, or consession, they shall cer-}' the same under their hands and feais to the churchwardens d overseers; who shall, upon such certificate; andbywar-nnt of such justices, levy the penalty by distress; in default ifdtlirels, the offender to be committed to gaol till paid, j Every fuller, deceitfully impairing the cloth, shall yield to 4 Ed. 4. r. t. lie party grieved double damage: and every justice of the face, mayor, mailer, warden, bailiff, portreeve, constable of undred, and steward of leet in their respective liberties, may ear and determine the same, and commit the offender to >: next gaol till payment.

In every parish and hamlet where cloths are made, two 4- El. c. ic. [Slices (and in corporations, ,the mayor, together with one plaice of the shire next adjoining): shall once a year, or otter, call before them, by precept or otherwise, two, four,

1, eight, or more, of the moll honest, discreet, and able len of such place, and appoint them overseers for a year, or >: months, or shorter time; and shall take them (worn, and Jinid in recognizance of 40I. each, to do their bell endeavour pall lawful ways and means to fee the (latutes observed rc-dng to the regulation of cloth.

And any person, without reasonable excsife, refusing to be ;; El. c. cv. 'trfeer, shall forfeit 5I. half to the king, and half to such

justices;

328.

39 El, c. 20.

id.

23(7.3.0.15.

Woollen Manufacture.

justices; and to remain in ward of the sheriff, till-paid 0: secured.

And if any shall withhold cloth, or deny search; heftall,-on conviction thereof at the sessions, forfeit for the first offence iol. for the second zol. for the third, being convictd by verdict and two witnesses, he shall Hand upon the pillory it the next market town.

Which said forfeitures shall be, one third to the overftaj, one third to the king, and one third to the poor, as the ftfi. ons shall appoint.

If the company of dyers, and the several persons authorize to ad in the appointment of searchers, or any three or more of such persons, shall refuse or neglect to appoint and conii-nue a proper number of persons to be searchers, to examiae all or any woollen cloths, &c. dyed black or blue, any cm persons ulingorexerciling the trade of a dyer.of woollen gooli may apply to the justices, at any,general quarter-feffioasol the peace to be holden within the city of London, and wiiha the distance of ten miles from the said city, and make cot-plaint of such refusal or neglect; and it shall be lawful for the justices at such sessions to make'enquiry touching the am-ter of such complaint; and if it shall appear to them thztz proper number of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall net be appointed, the said justices shall, and are hereby authorize! and impowered to appoint such person or persons as they lid judge necessary to be a searcher or searchers of woollen gooi within the limits aforesaid.

And, in order to prevent the like frauds and abuses in tb dying of woollen goods within such- places as are not wifi the limits aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their gt-neral or quarter sessions shall, and are hereby required free time- to time to appoint such person or persons as they. U respectively think proper to be a searcher or searchers witnb their respective jurisdictions. ' ~

Provided, that no person shall be capable of adingai searcher in the execution of this act, until he shall have tska and subscribed an cath to the elfed following:

1 do finear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and hr.fi, execute and perform the trufi repdfed in me as a searcher, hyi-tuc of an ah of parliament, made in the twenty-third year if i reign of his majesty King George, the ‘third, for rendering ra. ejfcfiu'al the prouifions contained in an aSl of the thirteenth ;» cf King George the First, " for preventing frauds and ahnftii " the dying trade."

Which oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed, c any one of them, are or is hereby impowered to administer.

i

Woollen Manufacture.

. All penalties and forfeitures for offences again!! this act, is <J-liiiere the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or may be recovered, by action of debt, or information, in any of his majcftyjs courts of record at Westminster, and all penalties, where the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, shall, upon-proof of the offences respectively before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, either by the confcfiion of the patty, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to ad-miiiiller) be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, directed to any constable, or other peace officer, within the jurisdiction of such justice; aid the overplus shall be returned, upon demand, to the o«rof such goods and chattels; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, such justice shall, and is hereby authorized and required to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for such. time ass such justice' shall think fit, not exceeding three months: and one moiety of all penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any person or persons residing within the city of London, or within the distance of ten miles of the said city, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as shall from time to time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be holden for the appointment of searchers within the city of London, and-within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered by virtue of this act, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and prosecutor or ftofecutors.

All prosecutions for offences against this act shall be com- W-menced within forty days next after the offences shall be committed or discovered, and not afterwards: if any person shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgment or order of any justice of the peace, touching the conviction for any offence agaiilit this act, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter-sessions; and the judgment and determination of the justices at such general quarter-sessions shall be final; and the said justices are hereby empowered, upon such appeal, to allow such reasonable costs and charges to either party as they shall think juit; the same lo be levied and paid in such. manner, as is usual in other cases if appeal from orders of any justices of the peace to the general quarter-sessions.

If any person shall feloniously cut and take. Heal, or carry nvay, any cloth or other woollen manufacture from the rack " li ii or

329

3- f-

Woollen Manufacture.

or tenters in the night time, he shall be guilty of felony with, out benefit of clergy.

If any cloth-,or woollen goods on the tenters, or woollen yarn or wool left'out to dry, shall be stolen in the night, any justice on complaint-made in ten days by the owner, may if. sue his warrant to any peace officer, in the day-time, to fenrch the.houses, or other places belonging to every person, whoa fuel) owner shall upon his oath declare to such justicehefuf. pedis to have stolen, taken away, or received the same; and the officer shall apprehend the person in whose custody or pof. section the same shall be found, and carry him before a justice; and if he shall not give a satisfactory account how he came by the same, he shall for the first offence forfeit to the owner treble value, and in default of payment thereof in the tin; appointed by such justice, he shall issue his warrant to leg1 the same by distress and falc; and in default of distress, shall .commit him to the common gaol where he shall be apprehended, for three months, or till paid; for the second offence treble value, and six months imprisonment; for the thirdof. fence, such justice shall commit him till the assizes, and it It shall be there convicted in like manner, he shall be guiltyof felony, and transported for seven years. But personsar-grieved (except on the third conviction) may appeal to fit next general quarter-sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

The fulling miller shall take an oath before a justice duel, ling near such mill, that he will well and truly perform th mcafuring all mixed or medley broad cloth fulled at his mill

If the buyer is not satisfied with the measure, he may have it measured again in the water, in eight days after delicti;, giving two days notice to the feller Of his factor: and if},: shall refuse, it shall be measured, if in London by the keep of Blackwell-hall, who shall be sworn .before a justice to nn-litre it truly; if not in London, then if the two meafafti disagree, or appoint not a third person, the chief magilte shall appoint and swear one.

And if it appear defective in length, or breadth, the oxen or feller shall forfeit the sixth part of the value of fuchcleti, on the measurer's making such certificate, and making oat thereof before a justice, of .which the justice shall give kin a certificate. ,The same to Be repaid by the fulling miller.

And the said certificate shall in ten days be filed with fit clerk of the peace for which he shall havers, which cent cate so filed, shall be a sufficient conviction; if he shall recti to pay the forfeiture, it shall be levied by distress, by warrst: of one justice, and for,want of distress, the offender shall it committed to the gaol of house of correction for three month.

The tenter shall be measured, and the length of yards ms* ed in figures upon the top-bar, on pain of jl. on convictis before two justices, on information upon oath, in three month

Woollen Manufacture. 331

after the offence; to be levied by distress, half to the in former, and half to the poor; for want of distress, the party offending to be committed to gaol not exceeding three months, or until satisfaction be made.

Inspectors shall be chosen by the justices of Glocester, Wilts, and Somerset, at Easter sessions yearly; who, before they enter upon their office, shall take this oathy/ A. B.- do foicar, that 1 till well ami truly execute the office of an inspetlor of mixed or misa woollen Iroad doth within this county according to the laws ai statutes of this realm, and according to the 6efi of my skill al knowledge: So help me God.

And the said justices shall allow a salary to each inspector, not exceeding 30I. a year; for the raising of which, every maker shall pay to the infjoeftor 2d. for every fitch cloth, before they are sent from the mill; who shall pay the same every three months or oftener, to the county treasurer, to be applied by the sessions towards such salaries.

The justices at the Easter sessions yearly for the West Riding 11G.2. r. zS. efthe county of York, shall appoint fcarchers, and appoint them salaries; who shall be sworn before a justice, well and truly to execute the office of searching such narrow woollen cloth.

And in case of the death or sickness or other disability of a ({archer, one justice, living near, may appoint another till the next sessions, to be there confirmed, or another appointed.

And a film not exceeding 3d. for each cloth, shall be paid by the owner before it is carried from the mill, to such perftms as the justices at Easter sessions shall appoint, to pay the searcher's salaries, and other expences of the act.

Jf any person over stretch it, he shall forfeit for the first y, half yard in length, or first inch in breadth overstretched;

10s.; and for every other half yard in length, or half inch in

|ibrcadth, 20s.

The conviction to be before one justice, not being a dealer y. in doth, on oath of one witness, reasonable notice being first given to the person accused.

The forfeitures (if not paid in ten days after notice of the Id.

conviction given at the offender's last place of abode, and if 'he shall not appeal) to be levied by a constable by warrant of a justice by distress; half to the informer,'and half to the treasurer for the expences of carrying the act into execution: for want of distress, to be committed to the house of correction to hard labour for one month.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter-sessions, Id.

Jo be held after 14 days from the conviction, giving todays police to the informer. And the justices there may award cods.

1 The justices for the said West Riding (not being interested) 5 3-51,

shall, at the Bradford Midsummer sessions yearly, appoint so ° '' f' i3'

taany men as they shall think proper, under 60 years of age,

U u 2 to

332-

6£. 3. c. 23.

5t;. 3. £.51.

6 C. 3. v. 23.

. G. 51. ('C. j.v. 23.

Woollen Manufacture.

to be searchers or measurers of cloth at the fulling mills, arid allow them salaries.

If any of the said officers so appointed dial I keep a public-house for felling ale, or other liquors; or be concerned in the making, buying, or felling, any wool, woollen manufactures, or goods commonly made life of in dying; or be guilty of any mi (behaviour or neglect of duty; and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of one witness before two justices: it Ihi'l be lawful for the justices at the next sessions after such conviction, on producing the same, or due proof thereof, to discharge such officer, and appoint another in his room.

All disputes between clothiers and millers, relating to the wages for milling, shall, if such miller desire it, and the mat-ter in dispute do not exceed 4.0s. be determined by 011c juf tice; who may, on complaint, summon the parties, adjudge damages, and give colls not exceeding 10s.. and levy tit same by distress, if not paid in ten days.

If the inspector or supervisor shall find any cloth falselt stamped by the searcher, he shall, within seven days, give information thereof to a justice; and such searcher shall, 03 conviction before such justice, forfeit ios.

The buyer, if he suspects any fraud, may within forty days after the sale and delivery of such cloth, cattle fat same to be meafttred by some sworn searcher, itifpctbe, or supervisor: and if it be found defective in length e breadth, he shall within three days give information thm-of to a justice; and the supervisor, who lall measuredthefnf cloth, shall forfeit for the first inch in breadth or half yardia length that such cloth or end of cloth shall fall short, 5s; aii| for every other inch in breadth or half yard in length theft;.: liter sum of ios. And if such searcher, inspector, orfupa-i vilor who lall meafttred the cloth, shall not in three days»is;j information as aforesaid, he shall, on conviction before lid1 justice, forfeit 40s. and his office.

Informations of offences (not otherwise directed) shall tt; made otr oath, within ten days after the offence shallft1 covered; the same to be heard and determined, on tlicod of one witness, before one justice not interested ; and the pj naltics, after deducting charges of the conviction, to be ft tributed, half to the informer, and half to the treasurer of us salt! West Riding; the part belonging to the treasurer fluff be received by the justice, and by him paid to an inspectoM supervisor; and the said justice shall, within three niomlt] fend an account thereof to tite said treasurer.

If any offender shall, for 10 days after conviction, refnfei! neglect to pay any forfeiture by him incurred; or shall El give notice of appeal; then, and not before, the justice th:l iiVue his warrant of dillrcfs, to the constable, where the off'cnii

dwelt,

Woollen Manufacture. 333

dwells, requiring him to levy the same by distress: and where nofuificient distress can be had, the said justice shall commit, him to the house of correlation for any time .not exceeding three months.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next sessions which shall be held within 14 days after the cause of appeal shall aril'e, giving ten days notice.

. The justices, inspectors, and supervisors shall return to the . sessions from time1 to time, an account in writing of all con-vidions that have happened within their knowledge, and of the penalties levied ana made payable to the treasurer: and the inspectors and supervisors shall pay to the treasurer, within three months after receipt thereof, all films by them received on account of such convictions. And every person neglecting 1 orrefufing to transmit such account, within zo days next af-! ter any such sessions, or, not paying such sums within three months after receipt thereof, shall, on conviction on the oath of one witness, before two justices, forfeit iol.

Within eight days after the interment of any dead, some 30 c. 2. c. 3. relation, or other credible person, on pain of jl. to be levied by distress, shall cause an affidavit in writing to be made under the hands and seals of two or more credible wit-nedes, letting forth that such deceased person was not buried in any other than what is made of lheep's wool only; and shall bring the same and make oath thereof, before the mayor, ora justice of the peace, or maker of chancery [and if no jnllice shall refulc oris to be found in the parish where the party is interred, then to any parson, vicar, or curate, in any other parish within the county] who shall administer the oath and aueft the lame under their hands upon such affidavit, iMh.

Where no affidavit shall be brought in eight days as aforesaid, to the miniller where the party was buried, he shall forthwith give, or cause notice thereof to be given in writing under his hand, to the churchwardens or overseers; on pain of yl. with full colls (provided the suit be commenced in six months) one fourth to the king, two fourths to the poor where such person offending dwells, and one fourth to him' that shall inform and sue.

The said churchwardens or overseers shall within eight days after such notice (on like pain as the miniller) repair to the chief magistrate, if such party was buried in a town corporate, dr else to a jukice of the peace; which said jnllice or magistrate, on certificate from such miniller, shall (on the like pain) forthwith grant a warrant for the levying of the said forfeiture on the goods of the parties before mentioned, rendering the overplus, all reasonable charges being first deducted, half of which shall be to the poor, and half to the in-

334

% 0 C» 2o (

rz Aa* jl» e. i$. z£ G. z* r.

Woollen Manufacture.

And the overseers shall give an account of the name and quality of every person interred within their parish from the time of their former account, and of such certificate as camt to their hands from such minister, and of their levying the penalties, and of their disposal thereof; on pain of tl. to be levied by distress, by warrant of the justices, or two of then, to whom they shall account. And no overseers' account shall be allowed, until they shall have therein accounted for ft: burials as aforesaid.

Wreck.

2. -'"Ip'HE justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, collector of tfi; _£ customs, or chief constable, who (ltall be ncarclW;

'3" where any ship shall be Itrauded or cad away, (ltall forthwith give public notice for a meeting to be held as soon as poffit of the sheriffor his deputy, the julticcsof the peace, mayoc, coroners, and of of the land tax, or any five if them, who shall employ proper persons for saving'tliefaut; and shall command the constables neared to the sea-coalts, to call together as many men as shall be thought necessary, li a dill. And also the officers of excise shall be proper olStfii to put these acts in execution. And withimthe cinque ports, the lord warden of the cinque ports, the lieutenant of Dore; caltle, the deputy warden of the cinque ports, the judged-ficial, and conunissary of the court of admiralty of the cinque ports, shall put the same iu execution there.

And any justice of the peace, in the absence of the high sheriff, may take sufficient power of the county.

' And they may command all ships at anchor near to alii; and if the officer of such ship (ltall refuse or neglect, he shall forfeit tool, with colls, to the officer of the (lupin distress.

The persons assembled to save any vessel or goods shall cot-form in the firli place to the orders of the mailer or oiks officer or owner, or persons employed by them, then to ;i; orders of the officers of the custonts, next to those of the oi cers of excise', Lhen of the (ltcriff or his deputy, then oil justice of the peace, then of a mayor, then of the coroner, then of a commissioner of the land tax, then of a chief con-liable, then of a petty constable; and any person sifting era-irary to such orders, shall forfeit not exceeding 5I. ro be !:

. vied by warrant of one justice, and in case of nonpayment, u be committed to the house of correction, not exceeding this months.

And every such sheriffj justice, mayor, coroner, lord of a manor, under sheriff, or commissioner of the land tax, shalli

ha:

Wreck.

hive 4s. a day during his attendance, out of the goods laved.

And if any person not impowered as above shall endeavour^ c lo enter on board such vessel, or shall deface the marks of "

1 the goods; he shall within 20 days make double satisfaction to theparty grieved, at the discretion of the two next j allices; or, in default thereof, shall be sent by them to the next house ofcorredion, to be kept to hard labour for 12 months.

All persons, who shall act or be employed in preserving any such vessel or cargo, shall be paid a reasonable salvage, to be adjuffed by three neighbouring justices as abovementioned.

Jf any person shall be assaulted, beaten and wounded, in the exercise of his duty in the salvage of any vessel or goods, the offender on conviction, by indictment at the astir.es or fef-nons, shall be trail Sported for seven years. And such persons interrupting or hindering the preservation of the 'ship may he repelled by force.

If any person shall plunder, deal, take away, or destroy ^ any goods belonging to such ship in distress, or which shall be wrecked or stranded (whether any living creature he on board or not) or any tackle, provision, or part of such ship; or ball beat or wound, with intent to kill, oc otherwise wilfully cbSruft the escape of any person endeavouring to five his life from such ship, or the wreck thereof; or shall put out any fill; light, with intent to bring any vessel into danger; he shall be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy. Hut when goods of small value shall be llranded or cast on (bore, and Solcn without circumstances of cruelty, outrage, or violence; the offenders may be prosecuted for petit larceny oniy.

> If any person shall do any thing tending to the immediate loss of such ship, in distress, he (nail be guilty of felony, uitliont benefit of clergy.

One justice, upon information on oath, of any part of the cargo or effefls of any vessel loft or stranded near the coasts, being, unlawfully conveyed or concealed, or of feme re."fon-able cause of suspicion thereof, may ifiuc his warrant for searching as in other cases of llolcn goods; and if the person, lo whose possession the same shall be found, shall not immediately upon demand deliver the same; such justice, on proof of such refu fal,-fh.tll commit him to the common gaol for (Months, or until he (lir.ll have paid treble the value thereof.

And if any person shall offer lo sale any such goods unlaw- y, folly taken away, or reasonably suspected so to have been, toe person to whom they are offered, or any officer of the tndoms or excise, or constable, may seize the same; and shall, jitith all convenient fpced, carry the same, or give notice jtkreof, to one justice; and if such person shall notin ten pys make out his property therein, to the (htisfaQion of the justice,

i

335

-r. I?.]

Wreck.

justice, they shall be delivered over to the rightful owner, on payment of a reasonable reward (to be ascertained by the jnf. tice) to the feizor; and the justice may commit such offender to the common gaol for six months, or till he shall have paid treble value. And if any person shall discover to any jultict, magistrate, custom house or excise officer, where any such goods are wrongfully bought, fold, or concealed, he shall Is entitled to a reasonable reward, to be adjusted as the salvage.

The officer of the culloms, who shall act in preserving any vessel or cargo, shall cause all persons belonging to the rcfitl, and others who can give an account thereof, to be examined on oath before a justice, as to the name or description of tit veil'd, the names of the mailer and owners, and of the place; from or to which the veftbl was bound, and the occasion c! the distress; which examination the justice shall take in wit., ing, who shall deliver a copy thereof to the said officer if the culloms, to be forthwith transmitted to the secretarytf the admiralty, who shall publish tlte same in the next Ins. don gazette, or so much thereof as shall be necessary for lit information of the persons interested or concerned therein.

And if no person shall appear to claim the goods saved, tfu officer of the culloms shall apply to three of the nearest jnf. ticcs, who shall pu t him or some other responsible person it poflclEon,' taking an account in writing of the- goods, to it signed by the said officer: and if they be not claimed itt , year, they shall be fold (and if perishable, shall be forthniti fold) and the money returned to the exchequer, till chad by the owner.

But this shall not prejudice the right of any lords of n:~ nors, or others, lawfully claiming wreck, or goods.

I ndei

ywjUHiiiii i i mm n

sawy

INDEX.

A.

ACCESSARY, Who is -----

None in high treason . >---- —

None in criminal, not capital, case — —

Who are, before the fail, who after — —

Buyer, &c. of itolen lead, iron, &c. -----

Buyer, &c. of jewels, and burglarioully or feloniously taken — ----- -- ----- -----

Page

i

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

AF7RAY. Why so called . - id.

Different from a (fault - id.

Any one may deliver the parties to the constable - id.

A constable bound to part them ----- ----- ----- ----- ~ - id.

ASifance demanded mull be given - id.

; Constable can only arrell for an affray in his own view 2 Justice cannot, without a warrant, authorize an ar-

rest for an affray out of his own view - id.

justice may, by warrant, compel the offender to find

sureties for the peace - id.

Affrays, how punishable - id.

ALEHOUSE. When deemed an inn - id.

Subject to justice's enquiry - id.

Penalty for felling ale, &c. without licence - id.

Secalfo Supplement. Ah and Beer Licence.

Penalties, how disposed . - id.

One justice may give judgment - id.

Justice may examine excise officers — 3

Anyone charged with victuallers duties, to be deemed

an alehouse keeper ! -. - id.

Witness not appearing, how punishable — — 'id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal - id.

Penalty for delivering beer to an unlicensed person - id.

Licence granted only at general meeting - id.

X x Exception

INDEX.

. . Psgl

Exception as to cuics and towns corporate ----- ----

Certificate for licence to 'be signed by miniller and major part of churchwardens, &c. or by three

or four reputable hotilholders ij,

Justices not compellable to licence ----- ----- -

No justice, being a brewer, to grant a licence i{'

Person licenced to give sureties id,

Cautions to be observed by justices — — id,

Recognizance to be sent to the clerk of the peace id, Penalty on justices not taking recognizance id,

Justices to esquire, in their quarter sessions, concerning the conduct of alehouse keepers ----- ----- --- id,

Justice may summon them to appear ----

Executors, &c. may continue through the year un- 1

der the same licence - id.

Two justices may grant a licence to a new tenant till the licensing day — — ij.

Justices to rate the price of vessels ji

Contents of vessels within or without the bills of mortality - id.

Measuros of ale and beer — — h

Penalty on alehouse keepers for fullering tipling id, Penalty on tipling, to be sued for in six months ; All constables, churchwardens. &c. charged to present tiplers and drunkenness. See. ----- -- id,

Penalty on getting drunk id,

Constable neglecting to present the offender, Iiotv

punishable — id,

A lehouse keeper getting drunk, disqualified . — i!.

ANNUITIES. Justice to receive the oath of annui-tan t's life ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- 1 — i

APPLES, Sec. Measure described — — id

APPRENTICES. Who required to be bound it

Penalty for refusing to take one

None to be bound above 15 years old id

Poor boys 10 years old may be bound to mailers of ^

Mailers may nilign such poor boys id

Mailers and apprentices employed in fishing vessels

exempted from being imprested ----- -- . — t

Apprentices how to act if misused ----- ----- --- ii

hi after how to act, if aggrieved il

Justices how to act in cither case i!

persons aggrieved may appeal ----- ----- ----- ---- S

j ullices how to act, when apprentices flee into another county . ----- ----- ----- --- 1

Jultii:

INDEX.

Page

Justices how to act, when they have found a fugitive

apprentice ----- ----- ----- ---- n

Stannaries excepted . - id.

Other exceptions in London, &c. - id.

Apprentices not felons, if robbing their mailer under

15 years of age - id.

— mailer dying, go to his executors, if there are

assets - id.

ARRAIGNMENT. What _ - id.

Persons arraigned not to be brought in irons, unless there be danger of escape 12

ARREST. Whom may justices arrest . - id.

Warrant not to be directed to the party ---- id.,

Constables, having the warrant endorsed, may arreil

in another county - id.

Justice may command aid to pursue and arreil, in cases of outrage, &c. - id.

When may doors be broken open - id.

Constable requiring a party to go before the justice,

no arreil ----- - ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- 13

Private person may arreil a felon and deliver him to

the constable - id.

Constable how to act - id.

Constable, what to do with affrayers, drunkards,

5:c. - id.

Constable to bring the offender Jpecially or otherwise,

as the warrant directs - id.

Constable may chufc, when the warrant is not special - id.

Constable not adiionable for any arreil, till the warrant has been demanded and relufed six days - id.

ASSAULT and BATTERY. The difference between the two 14

In what cases defensible - id.

ASSIZES. Jnlltces required to attend "

[ATTORNEY, Incapable of afling as a justice ----- -- id-

[AUCTION, None to fell by, without licence ----- ---- id-

I Penalty, what id-

: What to be done, when the title to the ellatc fold

by auction is bad *5

X x 2

backing

34®

INDEX.

Pa?

i

id.

BACKING A WARRANT. See Warrant.

BAIL, Different from mainprize —

Justice how to act, when no felony is committed

How, in cases of felony —

Not admissible in cases of homicide ----

Caution, in dangerous cases ----- -

Two justices may bail persons indicted at sessions

----- ----- -to be present at time of bailment --

Examination to be put in writing ----

Bailment to be certified at the gaol delivery —

Evidence to be bound by said justices ----- -

Justices how to act in London, Middlesex, and other

cities and corporate towns ----

Bail ought not to be excessive ----

---- ought not to be reiufed, where proper -----

— — ought not to be improperly admitted ----- ---

Constable may carry offenders to gaol, but ought rather to go with them before a justice for a warrant of commitment ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - id. i

How the warrant of commitment should be expressed id.!

BANKS DESTROYING, Felony . — io.

Penalty for damaging them — - id.;

BANKRUPT. In what cases, commission to be issued i;i How to act, when assignees are appointed ----- ---

BARRATRY, What it is ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- ii

J ustice's power respecting barrators d

BASTARDS. When determined to be such ----- ----- ---- ii

Justices how to act, when a Angle woman is delivered,

or is pregnant 11

Penalty on constable suffering reputed father to escape ii Woman dying, or miscarriage, or proving not with

child 'i

Woman not compellable to be examined till a Month

after delivery — ii

Security not given, both fatiier and mother, how

punishable &

Justices at sessions shall settle an order of maintenance, if neglected by the two next justices — — 'J

Fensls

INDEX,

Page

Penalty on letvd women ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- itj

father or mother of a bastard running away and leaving goods, yet not securing the parish, how punish-

able - id.

Penalty on mother, concealing the death of the child - id.

BENT, What it is so

Penalty for cutting and carrying away - id.

BIGAMY. See Polygamy.

BLACK. ACT, Offences against it - id.

Penalty for the same zl

In what cases the Hundred to satisfy for damages - id.

Reward, if wounded in apprehending offenders against this act - id.

341

BLASPHEMY, Excluded the benefit of toleration aft id. Penalty for profaneness on the stage, &c.

Blal'phemers, how punishable

BOOKS, Taken from parish library How to be fought for and rellorcd

BREAD. Assize to be set ----- ----- ---

Penally for felling short of weight jnlliccs how to act, when bread is ftifpcfted to be

adulterated --- . - id.

Loaves how to be marked — — . — . 24

Restrictions respecting standard wheaten bread ----- ----- - 25

BRICKS and TILES. Dimensions, what Penalty on offenders — —

How to be disposed of — —

BRIDGES. Who are compellable to make them - id.

Jnllices to enquire concerning them - id.

To be presented at the assizes, &c. - id.

Repaired out of the county rate - id.

Justices in sessions, or high constables by their order,

appointed surveyors - id.

Justices may purchase land to rebuild or improve them id. ----- may contract for repairing. &c. - id.

1URGLARY, What it is — . — 27

Attendants, tho'not entering, are guilty of burglary - id.

Reward

id.

id.

26

2Z

id.

id.

id.

id.

34®. INDEX.

Reward for apprehending and prosecuting to conviction ----- -- . ----- ----- ----.

Reward for discovering two or more ,5

BURNING, House of another, felony 9,

Hiring others, ditto — 9.

.--- Barns, &c. in northern counties, ditto ----- ----- 9.

Not bailable by justices ----- — ij.

« — Ship, felony — — id,

— Wood, or coppice, ditto - id.

Two justices may adjudge . ----- -

---- Gofs, &c. in a forelt, how punished . - id.

---- Wain or cart with coals - — . - id.

Servant's firing a house, how punished - id.

Threatning to burn a house, &c. id,

BURYING in WOOIjLEN. See Wocllen MamtfaSurc. BUTCHERS, Conspiracy between them, how pu-

nished id,

.--Selling meat on Lord's-day, how punished ;o

Butcher not to be a tanner - id.

BUTTER and CHEESE, How to be packed . - id.

BUTTONS, Foreign ones not to be sold — id-

Not to be made of wood, cloth, &c. ji

Taylors, how punishable - — id-

Wearer, how punishable — >i

c.

CABBAGES. See 2urmps, cS'r.

CARRIERS. All persons carrying goods for hire

Rates of land carriage, how settled .1

---- Robbed, must pay for the goods - — - !

---- Answerable for their servants 1

---- May indidl the felon for Healing them, as if they,

were their own ----- ----- — — "

CARROTS. See Turnips, &c.

CATTtE

INDEX,

343

CATTLE, Driven away, felony Reward for convifling offender Penalty for abuling in driving

Page

----- 32

- id.

----- 33

CERTIORARI, What it is _ — id-

Lies where a writ of error does not lie 34

Supersedeas from a superior court not to be disputed - id.

Every return of it to be under seal - id.

lion paper, not parchment, not good - id.

How worded in certain cases - id.

CHEAT, How described - id.

How proceeded against - id.

How punished » — — — 35

CHURCH and CHURCH-YARD. Two churches

may be united - id.

No fairs in church-yards - id.

Affrayers in church or church-yard,' how punished id. Robbing a parish church - id.

CHURCHWARDEN, When chosen, and how ----- ----- --- 36

Who are exempted - id.

Church rates, how made - id.

An overseer of the poor by his office — 37

To levy the penalty for profaning the sabbath - id.

----- ----- ---- for neglecting to attend divine

service - id.

To provide bread and wine for the communion - id.

To carry unlicensed pedlars to a justice - id.

At the end of the year to deliver up his accounts - id.

CLERGY, Liable to poor-rates id*

Not to farm lands, or deal in any merchandize- id-

BENEFIT of CLERGY, What it is - id.

Persons convicted of felony, within benefit of clergy,

may have their punishment mitigated ----- ---- 38

Persons admitted to clergy, forfeit goods, &c. — id. After punishment, goods reilored - id.

No one to be called a felon, after admission to his

clergy - id.

CLERK of the peace, By whom appointed id-

Place not to be sold - id.

To take the oaths, which fee 39

To

344

I ' N D E X.

To certify into the King's-Bench, outlaws, &c.--- ^

When to deliver to the sheriff a schedule of lines, &c. jj. To be removed for misbehaviour ia

COALS. Fraud in measure, howpunished ----- ----- ----- y,;

COIN. Coiners to be searched after a

Coiners guilty of misprision of high treason ----- - jj,

Bringing false money into the realm, high-treason i£

Having a press for coinage, how punished ----- ---- jj.

Having, or felling clippings, itc. how punished ;i Warden of the company of goldsmiths, or two justices,

may search for bullion, &c. ii

Parish officers not to make payments with base money a

Any person may cut false coin ii.

Justice to determine whether it be false ----- ---- ii

Coiners not bailable by justices — ii

----- - may be convicted by one witness — — ii.

Reward for apprehending coiners of silver ----- --- ii.

----- - for convicting coiners of copper-money ----- ii.

Pardon to the discoverer of two or more — - ii

COMMITMENT. Persons refusing to be bound, may

be committed a

Juhice mult bail or commit felons ii

— — is only to retain the party till he hath made

line to the king ii

Fclons'to be committed to the common gaol, not eife-

Vagrants and petty offenders as the justices think proper ii

Persons apprehended on a warrant indorsed in another county, whither to be sent — ii

— — - mull be in writing, uirested to the gaoler,

The form and manner of drawing it ii

Caution in a warrant to specify the crime Commitment mull be conformable to the act of parliament ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- !1

It mull be under seal ii

Mnil have a certain date ii

Offender, (if able) to bear his charges to gaol ii

justice (if not able) shall place them to the county

rate ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- - 4;

In Middlesex, the overseers of the parish shall pay

them L

Penalty on a gaoler refusing to receive a felon >"

Cotnmitme.'-

INDEX

345

. . Pase-

Commitment to be certified to the next gaol delivery Who to discharge one legally committed - id.

COMMON PRAYER, To be read once a month by

an incumbent - id.

CONFESSION, May be given in evidence against the

party confessing — ___ - id.

CONSPIRACY. All confederates highly criminal

Who are conspirators —

How punishable ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

CONSTABLE, Superior in power to a tythingman

I Persons exempt from being chosen -----

Dissenters may execute the office by a deputy ----- -.

Hoiv chosen and placed in his office -----

1 High constable how chosen -----

j Justices' power of chusing ----- ----- -- ----- ----- -----

j Justices may discharge him after a year -----

----- --- may bind over a constable refusing to be

sworn ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -

I High constables to take the oaths of allegiance, &c.

I Petty constables exempt ----- ----- ----- ----- -

I Constable may commit an affrayer to the stocks, &c.

----- ----- cannot require surety of the peace, unless

I the offence be in his own view ----

----- ---- bound to execute the justice's warrant

j No action to be brought against him, &c. See

I Arrcjl ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

Constable ought to keep the warrant

----- --- may deduct Itis charges ----- -

J ----- --mult deliver in his accounts to the overseer

i Justices may regulate the charges -----

High constables to account for the county rate — —

----- ----- ----- to be removed by a majority of juf-

tices ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --

Or at the sessions —

justices have displaced constables sworn by them

4S

id.

id.

id.

id.

46

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

.48

id.

id.

id.

id.

CONVICTION. Justices ftriflly to follow the act in

convictions ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -

To make a record of the whole proceedings

id.

id.

CORN, Not to be sold in the Iheaf Measure regulated by custom Cutting it when growing, how punished

Inspectors' weekly return -----

Y y

Inspectors

INDEX

I'Sjji,

Inspectors, how paid — — - -5j

CORONER, How chosen, and by whom ----- ----- ----- -jj,

Penalty on a township not fending for him ----- ij,

How to act, when applied to ij,

COSTS. Justices may award them ----

To be regulated by justices in sessions — ij,

COUNTY COURT. Plaint to be entered only where the plaintiff or his attorney is present — ii

COUNTY RATE, To be made by justices at their

sessions ----- - — ij.

Purposesofit ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- it.

Parish officers shall pay it out of the poor's rate

What to be done, where there is no poor-rate ----- -- ii

High conliables to pay it to the treasurer — — ;;

Treasurer to account to the justices ----- ii

When a new rate is to be made ----- ii

GUSTOS ROTULORUM, To be appointed by the king's hand ii

D.

DEBTORS, To pay their own charges of bringing to

the affixes, if able ----- --- j!

If unable, to be paid by the treasurer of the county if

DEMURRER, What it is — - — j;

DEODAND, What it is if

DISSENTERS. Every perl'on punishable for not attending divine service if

livery persan above to, how punishable for continuance in fttch neglect i:

Dist'.-nters, bow far eveufed by toleration aft -- it

— ----- --- to subscribe a declaration

DISTRESS. What it is When ; may be made

J.uftrefsj.if fraudulently avoided, how punishable

linjouru.

INDEX.

347

Impounded goods not to be refeued Dela ting the premises, how punished hi tvliat cases goods to be distrained lime limited for the falc - — Charges to be deducted — . Page 56 id. id. . id. 57

DOGS, Penalty for healing — . - id.

E.

sESCAPE, How punishable for suffering it 1 dliilting a prisoner in attempting it = i

|ESTRAY. What it is 1 Ought to be proclaimed Keeper of it to be satisfied $ When it is the Lord's Time reckoned from the proclamation — id. — id. id. id. 59

1 ESTREAT. What it is 1 liiinner of levying it II

EVIDENCE. Number of witnesses different ferent cases In what cases exceptionable How compellable to appear Evidence paid in Middlesex by overseers In other counties by the treasurer in dif- icL id. 60 id. - id.

Charges to be regulated by ‘justices - id.

Evidence refusing to appear, how punishable - id.

Which of the parties to begin to give evidence ---- id,

Upon oath, both for and against the prisoner — . - id.

Quaker's affirmation when allowed, and when not id. Evidence to .be given in the presence of the prisoner - id.

----- --may not be rend by a-witness ..- 61

i ----- --mult be gone through before cross-cxami-

nation ----- . - id.

Depofuion before a justice may be read at the trial - id.

four wiincflcs in one fubpeena - id.

EXAMINATION. One fitfpe&ed of felony not to be

'discharged by the justice without bail - id.

Y y 2 In

INDEX.

Pa je

In order to bail, how the examination is to be taken 6| Material evidence to be bound by recognizance id. The whole to be certified at the next gaol delivery jj, Justices may detain the prisoner till the next day 6:

The person accused not to be on oath il

----- ----- -may subscribe his confession ----- ---- id

When voluntary, may be given in evidence against the party, not against others — id

EXCISE and CUSTOMS. Before whom the officers

are to take the oath ----- ----- ----- ---- id

Persons carrying away goods without warrant, how

punishable id

Seizures to be determined by two justices ----- -- id

Officers may arrest persons unfiiipping prohibited

goods (j

----- --shall be bound to prosecute id

Mailer of a ship with tea, how punishable - id.

Person lurking within five miles of the lea, to run

goods, how punishable ----- id

Receiving run goods, how punishable - — id

Persons carrying run goods, how punished ----- --- (;

Two or more with more than six pounds of tea, &c. id Three or more, armed, to run goods, how punished (j

Harbouring such offenders, how punished ----- -- il,

Discovering offender, when advertised, how rewarded il. Wounding officers in discharge of their, duty, how

punished id

Officers being killed, what to be done — 15

Officers being negligent, to be dismissed — id

EXCISE in GENERAL. The excise-officer's oath id

To be recorded at the next sessions 6;

The collector's duty ---- — id

Appeals, how determined ----- ----- ----- ----- --- id

Penalty on not appearing to give evidence ----- -- id

justices to employ proper persons to value the goods id How far the penalty may be lefl'encd — id

EXCISE of ALE. CYDER, PERRY, &c. Duties

discharged, if turned to vinegar ----- ---- id

Coppers, brewing vessels, &c. to be gaged ----- --- £

Overcharged by gager, how settled »

See Supplement, article Ale, Beer, &c.

EXCISE. (CANDLES) Penalty on privately making ^

to avoid the duty ----- ----- ----- ----- -- 11

See Supplement, article Candles.

(CO.Cffii!

INDEX

349

EXCISE.

„„ , Page

(COACHES) How taxed ---- . ----- ----- ----- -- 68

See Supplement, article Coaches.

[CARTS, WAGGONS, &c.) How taxed — 69

Exemptions in favour of agriculture - id.

One justice may recover the penalties . 70

----- ----- -may mitigate the same - id.

To whom the forfeitures are payable - id.

(TEA, COFFEE, &c.) Officers how to deteft offenders - id.

Penalty on not obeying the summons - id.

Drying or preparing leaves to imitate tea ----- ---- id,

form of conviction ---- — — 71

On re-working chocolate, what to be done - id.

Offering tea to sale, without a permit - id.

Pedlar's offering it, with a permit - id.

[GLASS) No person concerned in this business to act as

a justice, in relation to the duties - id.

(/(OPS) Bag not to be marked till the hops in it are

weighed ---- -1 - id.

Altering the mark, &c. how punished - id.

Cutting hop-binds (Black AS) p. zi

[LEATHER) Not to be removed from drying, till the

duty is charged and entered . ----- -- 72

Two justices may levy the penalties . ----- --- 73

[LINEN CLOTH, SILKS, and COTTONS) Penalty

for wearing painted or dyed callicoes, &c. . id. Draper having them unstamped, how punished - id.

[MALT) Time for making, how determined - id.

ill made, how to be disposed of - id.

Damaged by water, or dellroyetl by fire, duty allowed 7+ Penalties, how levied - id.

[PAPER) Damaged by water, duty remitted - id.

[PLATE) Goldsmiths, &c. to enter their name and

mark 73

None to fell plate without a licence . - id.

Prosecutions before of or justices - id.

(SALT)

35°

INDE x;

EXCISE.

(SJLT) Oaths to be taken by officers, Stc.

Abatement to refiners -----

Salt to be weighed from the salt-pit Who may settle the prices of salt To be sold by weight —

Penalty on the buyer -----

When salt that hath paid duty is loll at fca, the duty

remitted . ----- ----- ----- ----- jj.

No dealer in salt to act as a justice in relation to these duties . :;-

(SO//P) Penalty on privately making - id.

When seized and not owned, to be condemned ic,

(SPIRITUOUS LIQUORS) Concealed, may be

searched for by a warrant from a justice ---

Penalty on obllrufting the officers ----

1'rivate (tills fcizable ----- ----- ----- -----

Persons aiding in private distillation, how punishable

Officer aftionable, if no Hill is found ----

Who shall be deemed a common dilliller ----- ----- ----

Penalty on dillillers having a private pipe ----- -

Excise officer may search for it ' ---

----- ----- -may enter warehouses, &c. ----

Spirituous liquors not to be retailed without a licence

Penalty on felling without a licence ----

----- -- may be changed for imprisonment ----- ----- -

Liquors of unlicensed person on conviction to be

llaved ----- ----- ----- -----

Conviction for selling spirituous liquors unlicensed Penalty for felling them in the streets, or on the

water, ore. - ----- ----- ----- ----

Any peace or fnrlfh officer may seize the offender Me licence for felling such liquors in a gaol, &c.

Five or more assembled to run such liquors, how pu-

ni Hied ----- ----- ----- -----

Sellers without a permit, as in case of tea, p. 72 Drawback allowed in certain cases — -

Bounty on exportation of spirituous liquors ----- --

Size of ships limited ----- --- ~ —

Utiles respecting the drawback -----

Certificate of persons convicted to be-transmitted by jutliccs to the clerk of the peace ----

id.

ii

ii

ii

ii.

ii

ii

Si

ii.

ii

ii

E:

ii

ii

it

ii

ii

ii

ii

ii

(Sr.'iRCH and IIAIR POWDER) Privately making.

how punishable - — ----- -

Seizabie. if fiifpcfted not to have paid duty-

Condemned in r.o days, if not claimed ----- -

EXPORTATION

INDEX,

351

Page

EXPORTATION of tools, machines, &c. how pu-

nilhcd ----- --. . — . 85

Such tools, &c. may be seized, and the exporter bound to appear, &c. ---

EXTORTION. What it is ----- ----

lufticcs not to exceed the coils allowed i\'o public officer to take exorbitant fees

F.

FELONY. A very compfehenfive term 86

felon, if able, to pay his charges of carrying to gaol - id.

See Commitment, p. 43 - id.

Prosecutor reimbursed on felon's conviction - id.

Coils may be regulated by julliccs - id.

See Cojh, p. 51 - id.

Evidence reimbursed - id.

1'crfon charged with felon v ami-acquitted, &c. lobe

id!

id.

id.

Penalty on calling or permitting them to be call into

any public llrect, &c. - id.

FORCIBLE ENTRY and DETAINER. How entry

is to be made SS

How the indictment mull be worded - id.

Two or more justices, when the force is viewed - id.

Jnllice may take sufficient power of the county - id.

--may cause the offenders to be arrested - id.

And committed to the next gaol iig

justices to make record of their proceedings - id.

--may issue precept to the llieriff, to summon

proper persons, to enquire of such entry - id.

Penalty on neglect in persons summoned - id.

----- ----- ----- --- in the IherilF - id.

No rcllitution after three years' quiet possession - id.

forcible entry by three or more, a riot . - id.

discharged without fee — But the ufunl fees paid by the comity

Misprifton of felony, what ----

Tlicftbotc, what it is ----- ---

FIREWORKS. Penalty on felling them

FOREIGN

352 INDEX.

Pagi

FOREIGN SERVICE. Seducing manufacturers, how

punished ' 5:

Having tools, &c. to export, how punishable — ij. Enlilting to serve a foreign prince — ii,

FORGERY. An offence by statute, and at common

How punished ii,

FRAME-WORK. Pieces and llockings, how to be

marked ii

Offender, if convicted, how punished — > if,

Application of penalties — p

FUEL. Length of billets, affized and marked — ii,

G.

GAME. Offenders again!! the game laws, how punish-

able ----

Any person may give evidence Who may appoint game-keepers Penalty on game keepers felling game Only one game keeper to be made His name to be entered on pain of 5I.

Game keeper muit be qualified or a servant — ii

----- ----- -may seize dogs, &c. with a warrant ii

Qualification for killing game ----- ----- ----- t;

Penalty on killing it, if unqualified ii

Constables may search the houses of such persons ii Higlers, carriers, &c. how punishable — ii Poulterers not allowed to expose them to falc 5;

J ullice or lord of the manor may seize them i'-

Penalty on soldiers and officers killing the game ii See Supplement, article Game.

(FOUR-FOOTED DEER) Hunting deer unlawfully,

how punished — — ii

Selling deer, how punished ----- ----- ----- ----- if

Shooting at deer in a chafe, how punished ii

One justice may ifl'uc his warrant on suspicion f

----- ----- -may summon, or grant a warrant to appre- 1

hend deer Healers ----- ----- ii

Penahif!

INDEX.

353

GAME. Page.

Penalties, how applied — ---- 57.

Offender may be committed, if no goods can be

found ----- ----- - ----- ----- --- ----- ----- --

jnllices in session may, with prosecutor's leave, enlarge the prisoner — —

Form of conviction — — .----

To be certified to the fcJEons —

id.

id.

id,

id.

{HARES, See.) Penalty for tracing hares in the

snow ----- ----- ----- ----- - — - —

Gfing snares, how punished ----- ----- —

Killing hares in the night time — -

Periods forbidden for killing game ----- -

Form of conviction ----- ----- -- —

Third offence punishable with imprisonment Proceedings within one month —

Application of forfeitures ----- ----- —

Warrant of distress may be granted —

What to be done, if the offender is in another county

Destroying hares, how punished ----- -

Unlawful hunting in a warren by night —

Or on the borders of warrens ----- -

id!

id.

id.

2

id,

id.

id.

100

id.

id.

(HAH'KS) Hawk's eggs not to be taken out of the

nest — 101

Hawking in another man's corn - id.

{SWANS) Swan's eggs taking, how punishable — — id,

{PARTRIDGES, Sec.) Shooting at, and killing, how.

punished id,

iY. B. This and that re/peSling Hans, p. 100, only temporary.

Selling partridges, &c, how punished — — 102

Killing in the night ; - id.

I Limitation of hours for killing game - id.

I Time limited for killing partridges and pheasants 103

[,PIDGEONS) Penalty for killing them — id,

WATER BOWL) Time limited for taking them id. Eggs not to be destroyed at certain times ----- ----- -- 104.

GROUSE, Sec.) Time limited for killing Black Game, Red Game, and Bujlards Penalty on offenders —

---- on killing them by night

Id.

id.

105

{HERONS)

354

INDEX.

GAME. _ ?a«

(HERONS) Not to be taken but by hawking ----- ----- --

Eggs not to be destroyed..... . —

(FISH) Not to be caught in any river, See. —

' Justices may take angles, fish-hooks, &c. ----- ---

Fishing in a-paddock, Sec. how punishable ----- -

Regulations ibr preferring filli — ---

Unfr/.cable filli not to be taken ---

Offender, how'punishable, ----- ----- ----- ----- -- —

. Limited time for taking lobsters on the Scotch coall

No new wear to be set up on the sea shore ----- -

,.. Size of the melhes of drag nets. Sec. ---

GAMING. Justices, &c. may enter gaming-houses . Justices may take and bind over offenders —

Forfeitures, how distributed ---

Suits, where heard and determined ---

Cards, dice, &c. &c. ataichouses, See. forbidden

Persons uling them, how punishable ---

Unlicensed places of entertainment —

Licences, when granted, and how j--

Constable, on proper notice, to prosecute . —

Penalty on constable neglecting — ---

Constable to be allowed all reasonable costs --- i

Persons supposed to live by gaming, liable to be fun-

moned !

Justices to suppress unlawful lotteries — i

Persons. felling estates, S;c. by lottery, how punife-

able:

Selling advon foils, jewels, ships, &c. —

Forfeitures in Bath, how applied — I

Witness refusing to appear, how punishable —

Justice neglecting, how puuifliable ---

Unlawful lotteries prohibited ----- -- — —

Licence to be taken, but not at the universities Penalties, how applied — ---

GAOL and GAOLER. Justices may give orders for building, or repairing —

Expence to be paid out of county rate ---

Felons to be sent only to the common gaol . — .

Gaoler punishable for not receiving them . —

Vagrants to be lent as the justices shall think proper How the gaols shall be maintained —

Selling ilrong liquors in gaols (fee Excise) ---

Ale and beer, not retailed in gaols without licence 1 ulticcs to provide materials for work in gaols Debtors may be kept where the sheriff plcafcs

INDEX,

355

Page.

In cases of licktiefs, Iheriffmay remove sick persons 115 Debtors and felons not to be put together - id.

Penalty, forfeiture of office, Sc. . - id.

Indices shall order prisons to be kept clean, &c. - id.

father useful regulation in gaols . u6

Clergy to officiate therein - id.

Prisoners, how discharged - id.

Sedions to regulate the price of lodging debtors - id.

Who may establish rates and fees — — . 117

And also make rules and orders, &c. — 118

Tables of fees and orders to be enrolled - id.

And to be hung up in the gaol - — . - id.

How King's-Bench and Marflielfea prisoners relieved id. See also Supplement, article Gaol.

GLASS. Forfeitures on this act recoverable before one j jttftice 119

GOOD BEHAVIOUR. See Surety 303

1UNPOWDER. Magazine to be licensed by the juf-

tiecs ----- - — 119

If licence not'granted, the party may apply to King's.

Bench 120

Limited time for the penalties - id.

ScEoas may appoint proper places for magazines id. Mills, magazines, &c. may be searched in day-time 121 Places exempt from this act - id.

jU\S. See Game.

I . H.

HACKNEY COACHES and CHAIRS. Julticcmay grant his warrant against a person refusing to pay, or defacing coach. Sec. 121

Breach of bye-laws punishable by justice as by commissioners 122

See also Supplement, article Hackxet Coaches.

Z z 2

HAWKERS

INDEX

HAWKERS and PEDLARS. To pay a duty of 4!. 8'

per ann. — m

Penalty on trading without licence - id.

Constable's neglect herein, how punished — .1 - id.

HEDGEBREAKING. See Wood.

HEMP. Not to be watered, where cattle are watered - id.

Grower of hemp entitled to a bounty - id.

Justi'ces to advertise the bounties on hemp - id,

HERRING FISHERY. Penalty on damaging orde-ltroying nets. &c. 1::

HIGHWAYS. Sessions to be held for them at a fixed

time

Parish meeting for this purpose, when held —

Lift to be transmitted to justices ----

Justices out of it to appoint one, two, or more Persons not appearing to accept the office of surveyor

If no lilt: is returned, the justices may appoint--

Penalty on not returning the lift — —

An assistant to the surveyor may be appointed -----

Surveyor not residing, to give bond -----

Justices to deliver a printed charge to surveyors Two parts in three of the parishioners may agree to

settling a salary on the surveyor - id.

On the death of a surveyor, two justices may appoint

one id,

Surveyor to give information on oath of the highways id, Lands given for maintenance of the highways to be let

to the best advantage ----- ----- . — i:i

Terms of composition, instead of labour — id,

Justices may order the team duty in kind - id.

In what manner to be proportioned - — id,

In what cases the justices may reduce the duty it)

What roads to be first amended id-

Where and how materials may be procured ----- ----- id-

If not within the parish, then in the next . — ip

Surveyor to make satisfaction for damage — id,

No mill, or building, &c. to be damaged ----- ----- -- id

Surveyor not to fell materials, &c. without a licence

from a justice 15

Pits or holes to be fenced off, or filled up — - id

Penalty on surveyor's neglect ' id

No tree or bullies to Hand in or near highways id

Owners of land adjoining, to lop trees, cut hedges,

&c. ----- -- . — f

Die

357

INDEX.

Page.

133

id.

id.

*33

id.

id.

id.

id.

134-id. - id.

id. 156 id. id. - id.

Ditches to be opened, and.drains made —

No hay, straw, Hubble, &c. for manure to be laid

No encroachment on highway to be made ----- ----- ---

Nuisances to be removed, on notice given . ----- ----

If not by owners of land, by Purveyor .----

Penalty on owners not doing it .----

Drivers of carts riding therein, &c. .----

Penalty on not having the name on carriage ----- ---

----- --on driver's-refusing to discover- his name

No gate-keeper at a public bridge shall fell liquor

Dircflion-polls to be properly placed -----

Defacing mile Hones, how punished -----

Number of horses to carts and waggons, regulated

Information within three days -----

[ustices may license an increase of horses up hills, &c.

Wheels of carts, Sec. within the bills of mortality Persons injured by widening highways may appeal Juliiccs may widen, divert, and change them No house or building to be pulled down, or garden,

&c. injured 137

Justices, at sessions, may impanel a jury to assess damages - id.

No act'eflment Hull exceed 6d. in the pound - id.

Wen a new way is made, the old way to be Hopped

up, and the land fold - id.

Right of way in some cases reserved - id.

Foot way may be turned, with owner's consent 138

No common land between the fences of an old highway shall be indofed. - id.

Differences how settled ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- 139

Unucceflary highways may, by the same authority,

be flopped up - id.

Surveyors to make oath of disbursements - id.

Notice to be given of applications for a rate 140

Not to exceed (including all expences) jd. in the pound - id.

Refilling the execution of this act, how punished - id.

Surveyor neglecting duty - id.

----- -to keep and produce his accounts within 15

days of the sessions next after Michaelmas - id.

. — ----- ----- ----- - to verify his account before a justice on

oath — 141

— ----- -to deliver ii duplicate to his successor - id.

-to deliver also tools, implements, &c. - id.

Penalty on neglecting to do this - id.

Surveyor to charge the expences of indictment, &c. J42

Justice may present highway, &c. at sessions - id.

Assessments, &c, may be levied by distress - id.

Penalties

INDEX.

Page,

Penalties half to informer, half to Purveyor 143

If fnrveyor informs, the whole to the highway id,

Any justice may levy the penalty, if the offender removes id,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions id,

HIGHWAYS (TURNPIKE) No gatekeeper removable, unless aflmally chargeable 144

No gatekeeper shall gain settlement by'such residence id, Widow, &c. ;of a gatekeeper shall give up possession

in four days : ----- ; - id.

Weighing engines to be erected id,

Information ag'ainll: owners of carriages within three

days . ----; — id,

Evading or defrauding the tolls, how punished 14; Statute duty to be proportioned by julliccs ip

Where this duty is not wanted on turnpike roads id,

No rubbish or earth to be suffered to remain - id.

Defacing mile Hones, &c. hotv punishable — 14;

Mortgagees to be accountable to the trustees - id.

Refinance of persons executing this act, how punished id,

Penalties, how levied and applied - id.

Any justice may act, though a creditor 11!

. — ! ----- ----- --levy the penalty, if the offender dwells

in another limit - id.

In what manner the penalties may be sued for - id.

HOMICIDE. What it is ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- id,

Mar.fiaughtcr, how distinguished — 145

Not bailable by the justices of the peace - id.

Murder, how defined id:

Ducllifts and their seconds equally guilty ----- -- ii

Not endeavouring to apprehend a manflayer in-.

didlable ii.

Where the person llricken in one county dies in another, the offender to be indicted, where the

party dies - id.

The burial ollice not to be read over a fdo-tk-fi id,

HORSES. Forfeiture on buying llolen horses id. I

Claim to be made in six months ii

Killing or maiming horses in the night, how punished ij) See also Supplement, article Houses.

HORSE-RACES. No person shall run a-horffc not his

No plate under $ol. to be run for - id.

See also Supplement, article Horses.

HOUSE-

INDEX,

359

Page.

HOUSE-BREAKER killed, the flayer is acquitted 151 Breaking into the house a capital offence - id.

What offences made felony by particular statutes id. Commissioners of land-tax, of houses and windows

all'o - id.

Charge to be read to the act'cffors - id.

Rates of houses and windows _______________ ' - id.

----- of offices and outhouses ----- ----- ----- ----- 152

Scealfo Supplement, article Windows.

' HOUSE of CORRECTION. Justices to direct the purchase of houses, &c. 153

Justices may build or enlarge them, as need requires - id.

----- may appoint lit mailers or governors - id.

----- shall supply them with implements, &c. for

work - id.

Offenders to be committed till the next session 154

----- or till discharged by due course of law - id.

To what house of correction julliccs may commit - id.

Duty of mailer or governor - id.

Two ju/lices shall visit them twice a year - id.

Justices in sessions may remove the governor - id.

No spirituous liquors to be sold therein ----- ---- ijj

li.vpences to be paid out of the county-rate - id.

julliccs may nominate one or more julliccs to infpcdl - id.

----- ---- employ assistants to instruct the prisoners 156

Rules and orders shall be printed in legible characters - id.

Money to be raised as by 12 G. 2. ' 157

Any justice may present the want of house of correction - id.

Penalty on governors' felling wine, S:c. - id.

Rcfradtory prisoners may be hand-cuffed, Sec. - id.

Justices may appoint a church of England minister id. See all'o Supplement, article House of Correction.

HUE and CRY may be levied without a warrant 158 Constables to present such as lodge ffrangers, Sec. id. Indictment for not levying hue and cry - id.

HUNDRED. Writs against the Hundred to be produced to two julliccs - id.

I.

IMPRISONMENT. Sec arrest, and commitment.

INCLOSURES. Penalty on pulling down and demo-

lishing them — — H1)

INDICTMENT.

INDEX.

INDICTMENT. Capital and inferior crimes may be

indicted — — ' ----- ----- ^

No injuries of a private nature, unless they concern

the king ----

A felony not indictable as a trespass

INFANT is any one under 21 years of age Infant may be guilty of forcible entry

---- may be bound a parish apprentice

---- not indictable as a felon, under 15 years old is,

Servants above 18, punishable as felons — — ii,

INFORMATION, Of several kinds ifij

Offences against penal statutes, where pro'fecuted ii, No informer to compound till after answer in court ii Nor after answer, but by consent of court - ii

INROLMENT. Where lands and tenements, &c. are

to be inrolled ---- — ii

Within what time, and before whom — ii

JUDGMENT. To be given by justices in many cases literally according to the statutes - ----- ----- ill

JURORS. Persons qualified to serve on juries to be

returned ii

Penalty on constable neglecting his duty herein ii. Lifts to be delivered in open court — ii.

Or, attested upon oath before one justice ii

Penalty on constable making no return 1!:

justices at sessions may reCtify errors in the lift ii.

Lift to be entered by clerk of the peace ----- ----- ii,

Form and manner of appointing jurors ii

When the jury is to be returned ii.

What number is to be.returned . ----- ---- ii.

The panels of jurors may bereformed — ii

Jury ought to be kept together, till they.agree ii With consent of justices they may eat and drink ii A new inquest may be awarded — ifij

Threatening a juror, hosv punishable ii

Penalty on juror absenting himself ii

Grand jury refilling to find a bill, what is to be done ii Jury giving a verdict against all reason, what follows ii

JUSTICES of the PEACE are judges of record

For what purposes appointed ----- ----- ----- ----- --- d

Their record may not be gninsaid *-

How chosen in antient times ----- ----- ----- ----- -- ii

Win;

ii

ii

ii,

ii

ii

INDEX

Page"

What other conservators. of the peace 164.

Others by tenure, and by prescription - id.

Their duty in general - id.

Justices by act of parliament, by charter, by commis-

Qualification to act as a justice — id-.

Oath of qualification - id.

Penalty on acting, without taking it — 165

No Ihcrift' shall act as justice, while he acts as ffieriff id, Justices have power in whatever is against the peace id. The justice's oath of office - id.

Clerk's fees to be settled by them 166

To be ratified by the judges id,

'Penalty on clerk's demanding more - id.

Table of fees to be put up in the sessions room - id.

In Middlesex, this table how confirmed - id.

Justices ought pot to act in their own case - id.

If the justice exceeds his authority, how is the officer

to act - id.

Officer to grant a copy of the warrant - id.

justice not to proceed without fammoning - id.

— ought to make a record in writing - id.

Pines estreated to be sent into the exchequer - id.

Justices to have an eye to the statute at large 167

— how protested by the law - id.

— not to be proceeded against without notice - id.

refusing to act, liable to an information - id.

I.

-AND TAX executed by of, not justices

as such ---- — , 16S

Qualification of of in certain counties id. Certain exceptions, in cities, boroughs, &c. - id.

No receiver, orcolleftor, to be a commissioner - id.

Penalty on acting before taking the oaths - id.

li'hen they are to meet - id.

What to be done at their first meeting - id.

What to be done, when the proportion exceeds 4s. in the pound - id.

Precepts to chuse assessors ----- ----. 169

A a a Assessors

INDEX.

AfM'ors not appearing, how punishable Charge to be given the aileilors Afi'cflors to be act'efl'ed by of Persons to be rated at their place of residence - id.

Housholders to give an account of lodgers ----- ----- - it

Persons may be alfe/Ted for the goods, where they

arc - id.

Members of parliament act'efl'ed at their mansion-

houses — ii

Officers to pay for the profits of their employments - id.

Duty on offices, how rcllrained id,

Persons doubly charged, how relieved ip

----- --removing to escape taxation, how punishable id,

Land tax paid by tenant deducted out of rent - — id,

Commissioners to settle differences id,

Tax on foreign miniiler's houses, by whom paid id,

Papith pay double tax ----- - — . id,

Quakers to subscribe the declaration of fidelity id,

Commissioners to appoint time and place, for the affcffors to bring their books — — id,

Assefl'ors neglect, how punished r — ii.

Duplicates of assessment to be delivered . . — . ii.

Names of collectors to be returned .---- ii.

Two duplicates of assessments to be signed . ----- ii

Appeals when to be heard ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - ip

Notice of appeal to be given in church .---- ii,

Persons appealing, to give notice to assessors id,

Commissioners interested, to have no voice - id.

Appeals heard and determined are final < — ii,

Collectors may levy by distress and sale — id,

Conveying away goods to avoid distress, how punishctl ii Arrears may be levied by present of - id.

Collector to pay his money quarterly ii,

— ----- -how paid for collecting and giving receipts t;:

Penalty on detaining, or not rightly paying the mo- ^

Duty of receiver-general - id.

Duplicate of assessment to he sent to the exchequer ii.

Double taxes to be particularly noted v;

Copies of allcfliiients after all appeals to be signed ii

K ept for inspection by clerk of the peace ----- ---. id,

Commissioner's clerks, how paid .---. ii.

On their death or removal, what is to be done ii

Aifviibr';. collector's, or other's neglect, how pu- 1

1 ARCENY. ltow distinguished

INDEX.

Pa8e

Justice out of sessions mult commit or bail for petty

larceny ----- ----- ----- ----- --- 17+

All petty larceny is felony ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- id*

The word fcltmhufly mull: be added in the indiftmeiu. id. Difference between larceny from the person and robbery — - id-

picking pockets finally excluded from benefit of clergy id. What robberies are within, and what excluded Irons

this benefit - id.

Reward J'or apprehending and prosecuting a felon to

conviction 175

Watchman or other person killed in apprehending id. Executors entitled to the reward — id,

; Any person out of prison discovering two or more,

how rewarded - id.

Robbing a booth in a fair, Sec. how ptmilhabie - id.

Stealing on a river, or from a wharf, how punished 176

Receiver of llolen goods an accessary (u7»VA fit, p. 1.) id. Receiving thieves, or their llolen goods, felony - id.

Penalty on buying or receiving such goods - id.

head, iron, &c. bought or received (fee Stolen Gauds) id. One justice to grant a -warrant, two to convict id,

What to be done with goods so bought and received - id.

1 Such goods, and the fellers of them, to be Adzed 177

] Justice may commit to safe custody for six days - id.

LEATHER. Forfeitures by this act how disposed of j Any two justices near may hear and determine I Carrier how punishable for liegicft — _

Importation of foreign gloves, how punishable

j Caofe of seizure by whom to be determined ----- ----

i Offender convicting the vender, shall be indemnified

i

LECTURERS, TJnlicensed, shall be punished

178

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

LEWDNESS. Adulterers and fornicators may be apprehended 17P

-Adulterers and fornicators mull find surety for pood

behaviour JJ.

ABEL. What it is - id.

iINEN CLOTH. Any person may set up to make or

whiten thread - id.

Foreigners using this trade three years, how privi-

vileged - id.

Penally

An:

INDEX;

Penalty on injuring cloth _ — it

. — .I .i on fixing false stamps on it .---- (;0

. on wearing cambric or French lawn- < — -

LORD'S DAY. Forfeiture for non-attendance on divine worship -----

Forfeiture for exposing shoes, &c. to sale Penalty on carriers, &c. travelling

----- -on drovers, higlers, butchers, &c,

Fish carriages exempted -----

Ufutg any gun, &c. to kill game, how punished id. No writ to be executed on Lord's day — iS;

Penalty on opening houses for debate. Sec. - id.

----- --on advertising such amusement - id.

LUNATICS. Two justices may by warrant secure

them if.

Charges to be repaid out of lunatic's effects (if any) i8j Penalty on receiving lunatics without a licence id,

M.

MADDER. Penalty on destroying it — > i!j

Prosecution within thirty days — if.

MAIM. Maiming, or disabling any one, felony if.

MAINTENANCE. How defined n't

Maintaining quarrels prohibited - id.

Called also embracery ----- ---. . - id.

Penalty on embracing jurors .__. - id.

----- on jurors contenting to embracery ----- -if.

MILITIA. When the general meeting shall be held - id.

Of whom to consist - id.

Of whom, in the smaller counties - id.

What to be done at the general meeting - id.

The subdivision meetings of whom to consist ----- -- is;

Persons chosen at this meeting to serve three years - id.

Notice to be given of the day for ballotting, &c, if-

INDE« X.

Page.

When not a sufficient number appear to act, what to

be done — i8$

Fraudulent practices to avoid serving, how punished id. Contlables refusing to return the lifts, how punished 1S6 Persons bribing a constable to favour them, how pu-

ntshed . - id.

If a list should be loft, a new one to be made - id.

Where grievances are found, such lifts to be amended - id.

At the second general meeting, the number of men for the county shall be appointed - id.

At the second subdivision meeting, the number of men

for each parish - id.

Where vacancies happen, their places supplied by lot id. Hotice to be given of such whose time is expiring 187 Militia man absconding, another to be chosen by

ballot - id.

The deserter nevertheless compellable to service (if

taken) - id.

Volunteers may be sworn in, if properly qualified id. Churchwardens, &c. may make a rate to pay volunteers - id.

Volunteers may claim a discharge in three years j 88 j Another meeting to f'wear and enroll the men - id.

1 every man chosen to appear at this meeting — — . - id.

----- ----- excused on paying iol. - id.

! Sohflitute's oath - id.

SiMitute not appearing, how pnnifitable - id.

Militia serjeant, &c. beating up for volunteers, to be

fined - id.

Lift to be made of such as are willing to serve again 189

These to be rcchofcn, and others balloted for - id.

Change of abode doth not excufb - id.

No person enrolled in one regiment of militia, shall

oft'cr to serve in another - id.

Penalty on militia soldier's enlisting elsewhere - id.

----- -on officer's enlisting a militia-man — 190

----- -on l'oldier's offering to serve in the militia - id.

Servant's wages due to him to be paid him, on serving

in the militia - id.

No substitute to be excused, if chosen by lot - id.

No one having served three years, shall serve again

but by rotation - id.

Substitute dying, or being promoted, what is done id. Militia man not appearing to be trained, how pu-

niihable jpi

Or.ejustice may punish such deserter - id.

Every

INDEX,

hi

‘S'

191

Every one absenting himself, to be punished as a de-

ferter ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

No penalty for absenting himself to vote at an elec-

tion 1,;.

Carriages to be provided for militia called out y,

Prices to be paid for carriages y,

Carriages to be provided for one day's journey 15. Extra charges to be repaid to the constables, &c. y, Constable's neglect herein how punished — . jj,

Billeting officers and private men jj,

Negligent soldiers may be put under stoppages Serjeant to make complaint of arms, &c. not delivered —

Arms, &c. to be removed, where it shall be thought

neceflitry ' ----

Militia soldiers felling or pawning arms, &c.

Penalty on his not returning them in good order

Buying, or receiving them, how punished ----- ----- -

Serjeants to receive orders, and report - —

Penalty on non-commissioned officer's neglect Certificate of railing the militia —

Militia ordered to be drawn out, and soldier not appearing ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

Penalty on harbouring such a person . —

Churchwardens to pay for fubllitutes ----

Punishable for neglect to pay ----- --- ----- ----- --

Militia man disabled by sickness ----- --

----- --leaving a family unable to support themselves

In cities, every parish may be assessed for militia

A treasurer to be appointed by justices ----

Treasurer to reimburse the parish officer - — -

To bo repaid by treasurer of the county —

Overseers to be reimbursed for relieving substitute'i

families ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

If serving in another county, out of the county-stock Chief constables, &c. to aiiill in executing this act Attendance of constable, &c. may be demanded

Witnesses to be examined upon oath ----

Lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants indemnified

Fines, penalties, &c. how disposed of ----- --

Persons committed by this act, to be kept to hard

labour ----- - —

Punishment of negligent drummer ----

Serjeant-major, serjeant, &c. to be committed for

neglect ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -

----- ----- ----- ----- -if deserting, to be committed $)

If taken in another county may be sent to his own J'o be tried by a court martial

INDEX

367

Page

Reward for apprehending such deserter — — .

Penalty for knowingly harbouring him - id.

Power of constables, to churchwardens, in Sussex id. Where the parish is in two counties, which has the

preference ___ ij,

Justices, &c. may provide a substitute for a quaker 200

Quakers refusing to pay may be diilrained - id.

Where there is no militia, how the county may be

rated _ - id.

la places not contributing to county-rate, what is

done Jd.

Where they refnfe to pay their .quota, what to be

done 1 - id.

Certificates to be sent into the Treasury - id.

Penalty on not paying the sums due to the Exchequer 201 Forfeitures how recovered — — id,

N.

gXORTHERN BORDERS. Moss-troopejrs in Northumberland and Cumberland - id.

What to be done to secure them - id.

If a person escapes from justice into Scotland - id.

If from Scotland into England, what is done 202

Expence to be paid where the offence was committed - id.

KUSANCE. What it is ; How different from annoyances ! Public mifance how remedied

id.

id.

o.

)ATHS, In what cases administered Not tendered to the person accused

- id.

Information

INDEX

Information against: the prisoner to be sworn to :;i

Prosecutor or xvitnesses ought to make oath ----- - jq

This oath may be afterwards given in evidence on trial ii. Where one is authorized to examine witnessfes, an oath

may be given — ii

Disaffected persons may be summoned to take the oaths ii,

OFFICE. What to be done before and at the ap.

pointment ---- ----- ----- ----- - j.t

What to be done in three months after — 2i|

What within six months . — ij,

Duties on offices, belong to land-tax .---- ii

What is meant by perquisites of office — ii,

These also, under the management of land-tax ii

P.

PARDON. Felon pardoned, may be bound for his good behaviour for seven years — isj

PARLIAMENT. Oath of qualification by whom ad-

miniltered ---- — ii

No one to vote under 21 years of age — ii

Qualification of voter for knight of shire ----- ---- ii

Penalty for voting, unqualified — ii

How long previous possession necessary ii

Land-tax duplicates to be made ii

Persons qualified to vote, but not assessed, may appeal ii Names improperly omitted may be inserted — :d

Cullom-house officers, excise-men, &c. not admitted

to vote ii

Returning-officer's oath :c;

PARTITION. Writ of partition to be executed before two ju dices. ----- -- . — ii

PAWNING. Unlawfully pawning another's goods, how punished — . — ii

Goods taken to pawn to be entered, See. . — :i Penalty for damaging goods pawned ii

Peas!:;

N D E X

. Page

Penalty for taking goods to pawn entrusted to another 208

Persons not giving a good account of goods to be stopt id;

Owner of goods unlawfully pledged, what to do 209

Pawnbroker to return the goods, bn offer of money due

. bn them .. ----- - 210

Jnlticcs to take no fee for summotts, &c. bn this act id',

Any jufUcc may determine causes againli this act id

Cantimi. respecting bail on this act ----- 2 i

Form of conviction ----- — — id

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions ----- ----- - id

Justices aiding under this statute indemnified id,

tpERJURY and SUBORNATION. Perjury defined - id.

1' Subornation defined ----- — 212

Penalty for suborning another - id.

Peijnry how punished ----- ---- , - id.

How and by whom this crime maybe enquired of id;

PETITION. Penalty for soliciting numbers to a

petition id;

Unless authorized by julliccs for the county - id.

[PEWTER and other METALS. Searchers appointed

by pewterers ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- 213

Unlawful pewter forfeited — id;

Pewter not to be sold secretly - id.

Penalty on buying stolen pewter pots - id.

IlLLORY and TUMBREL. Justices not jtaftily to

sentence to this punishment -----

Fine and imprisonmetit preferable -----

'LAGUE, When quarantine is appointed, what to be

done ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

Superintendant, being negligent, guilty of felony

Penalty for coming on shore ----- --- ----- ----- --

When neighbouring countries are infested, what to be

done - ----- ----- ----- ----- --

Lazarets to be provided ----- - — , —

Lands to be purchased, where unoli convenient Rates may be made to relieve persons infcfled Comity within five miles may be assessed — -

What proof to be given that the vessel is free from in-

section ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

Goods liable to quarantine to be opened and aired.

I No fee to be taken for certificate of health, &c.

Giving a false certificate, felony

id;

214

id.

id.

id.

*}S

id.

id.

id.

216

id.

id.

B b b

PLAYERS,

370 INDEX.

PLAYERS. Ailing for hire without licence, an afi of

vagrancy ;ij

Penalties how recovered and applied ----

Exception in favour of playhouses in certain towns ii

POLYGAMY. An act of felony ----

. Who not included within the act y,

. First wife not allowed as a witness against her huf-

.. . band ii

. Second wife's testimony admissible — if

POOR. Persons aggrieved by overseer, &c. may ap-

When and how overseers are appointed ' ----- ----- -----

Overseers dying, &c. two justices may chnfe another

Penalty on justices not appointing overseers ----- ----

Overseers, under what description -----

----- ----- -to reimbursc their prcdeccflors — .

----- ---- to let the poor to work -----

— ----- --- to meet once a month . —

Two justices within 40 days may remove any poor Unless they rent 10I. per atin. or give security Certificate person not removable, till actually charge-

able ' -----

How settlement may be gained by such person Apprentice to certificate person gains no settlement

Execution of a certificate how verified -----

Paridi not compellable to grant certificates ----- ----

Certificate not binding unless signed by the justices

— -extends to the vMe family, tho' born asur

the certificate il

----- ----- conclusive against the parish certifying ii

----- ----- not binding against a subsequent settlement ii

----- ----- doth not exclude a settlement in another pa-

riflt — ::i

----- ----- dischargctl by a man's own estate — ii

— -discharged by a removal — ii

----- — dischargctl by being deferred — — ii

Ballard settled where born ii

But not if there is collusion — x

Not, if born under an order of removal . — ii

Not, if born inlranfitn ----- — a

Settlement of a vagrant the settlement of the child ii Child born in the house of correction goes to the mother's settlement ----- ----- ----- -- — i-l

*---- Lying-in-hospita], the same — :

jtaftard not included in a certificate - — '

Usf;,:

-Ti

i N D E X,

sr1

Page.

Br.flard shall go with the mother for nurture — 222

father's settlement is that of lawful children - id.

Settlement by birth only, till this is found ----- ---- .id.

Child may be bound to fisherman, &c. 223

At what age a child may gain a settlement - id.

Children born elsewhere removeable to the father's pa-

riih - id.

Child born after its father's death goes to his parish id. Children gain no settlement in the pari ill of their

mother's second husband - id.

When rccourfc may be had to the mother's settle-' tr.ent - id.

Settlement by apprenticeship ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - 224

' Person bound by indenture gains a settlement in 40 ^

But not if bound to a certificate person . : - id.

Apprentice deed not indented, does not invalidate the

settlement - id.

! Apprentice may gain a settlement when mailer gains

none : - id.

----- ---- cannot gain a settlement, till indentures

are cancelled ----- . - id.

Settlement by service - id.

A year's hiring and service necessary - id.

Stieing a certificate person no settlement ----- ----- ---- 225

V/idotvcr with a daughter married, serving a year,

gains a settlement - id.

Marrying within the year does not prevent the settle-

ment - id.

! Fraudulent hirings disconntenanced - id.

Settlement where the last 40 days service was per-

1 formed - id.

! Settlement by marriage - id.

A calc in which the wife follows not her husband's fet-

tlcment ----

Settlement by 40 days' continuance These days reckoned from notice given Such notice to be read in church Such notice to he also registered

Penalty on parish officer not reading this notice id. Kofoldicr, or Teaman, settled by i'uch notice given id. Amending the highways, &c. gain no legal settlement - id.

Settlement by paying parish rates - id.

Paving these gains no settlement under a certificate 227 Paying land tax gains a settlement - id.

Even though afterwards allowed by the landlord - id.

Settlement by serving a parish office - id.

B b b 2 Jt

- id.

----- -- id'.

----- - 226

- id.

37$s \ I' H. B: E X.

. . . *

It mull be served for himself, and on his own account

This will gain a new settlement, and set aside a certii 1

cate ---- — - — _ — _ y

He mull.have been legally placed in his office y

Settlement by renting t'ol. a year — , y

He need'no't occupy the whole ji

He mull rent jt, "and reside'40 days in the parish il,

Settlement by a person's own estate 2:1

No one can be removed, from his own ellate jj;

The purchase-money mull amount to 30I. j),

Removals — ' jj,

Persons likely to become chargeable may be renioved ii Returning after removal, how punished — 225 Refusing to receive the pauper indittable iJ.

Penalty by subsequent statute — ij.

Both justices ought to be together at the adjudication if. Justices should make a record of the order, &c. if

Poor with certificate not removeable till actually

chargeable —

Officers to be paid the charges of removing certificate

' poor il

Appeals against order of removal to be heard at fef-

lions ----: — il.

Notice to be given from one parish to the other :;t

Defefls of form to be reflified at sessions ----- --- it

Colls to be paid by the unsuccessful party ----- ---- if

Appellant to receive all reasonable costs il,

An order quashed for want of form not conclusive ii, The order of sessions final, if there is no error in form ii

Poor rate and other helps for relief :j:

Sufficient materials for work to be provided ii,

Disputes in what parish lands lie, to be settled at lef-

fions ii

Notice to be given of poor's rate in the church ii. This to be done the next Sunday after it is allowed il

Any person aggrieved may appeal ii

After which, the rates shall be annexed ----- ----- - Jt;

All arrearages may be levied by subsequent officers ii

Commitment, in defect cf distress ' ii

Neighbouring parishes may be rated to affilt ii

Poor, old, blind, &c. to be relieved by relations, if

able - — i ii

Goods, &c. of any man deferring his family, to be

seized ---- - — :?

Every such person, a vagrant . i!

Threatening to rnn away, punishable £

Relief and ordering of the poor —

INDEX.

Page

Poor to be set to work, and maintained — — 234

Poor refusing to work to be Pent to the house of correction — — . — id,

Persons refusing to work, how punished -- 235

Two or more parishes may unite to maintain the poor id. The officers of one parish may contract with those of another — .- ---

373

The names of all poor that receive alms shall be registered in a book ----- ----- ----- -----

What to be done previous to the jufdces' ordering

relief ----- - ----- ----- ----- ----

Two-thirds of a parish may nominate guardians and governors

id.

id.

id.

id.

236

id.

id.

Two justices may fix their salaries ----

' Two parishes may unite, with consent of two justices Governor or guardian to be chosen by two justices 1 The visitor may remove the governor, &c. for mif-

behaviour - id.

The visitor how chosen - id.

' What to be done where every one recommended to the

justices rcfufes to act as visitor - id.

Justices to appoint a treasurer ----- ----- - . — zjy

Treasurer's duty in his office - id.

Vacancies supplied by justices - id.

Timcof office expiring - id.

Justices of other limits may aft — 23S

Privy sessions may be appointed for this act - id.

Treasurer's account to be produced every month - id.

Land not more than 10 acres may be inclosed - id.

Who are proper objects of such poor house 239

Infants under (even years not to be taken from the parents e - id.

Persons able and willing to work, to be employed - id.

Or to be maintained till they are - id.

Persons running away from work, how punished - id.

Suitable cloathing to be provided - id.

Rules and orders to be hung up in the house ----- -. 240

justice may hear complaint of poor not relieved - id.

----- may order relief, or reception into the house - id.

Badge to be worn, unless dispensed with - id.

Idle husband or father may be committed — — 241

Complainant to apply to both guardian and visitor id. Penalties inflicted on guardians how distributed - id.

Sick traveller shall be lodged, fed, and eloathed, if

needful - id.

The word guardian explained [fee note) 242

Penalty for cmbcz7,ling goods or materials - id.

Persons enticing poor from their parish, how punish-

able — — 243

Guardians,

IN D E X

374

Guardians, &c. selling goods to workhouse, punish-

able ui

Guardians, &c. may dispose of other poor houses if Penalties how-recovered and applied — — ij,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions ----- ----- - if

Overseer's books to be delivered to succesl'or - id.

Penalty on negligent overseers ii

Any parish officer neglecting his duty, punishable id, Evidence of anyf'not receiving alms, admissible id,

Action against an overseer mull be in the same county ii,

POPERY. Person refusing to take the oaths may be committed ' . — - nr

Two justices may summon a suspected person - — ii,l

Persons abroad shall return in six months after proclamation ii.

Penalty for not discovering a jesuit or pricll --- is.

Penalty for not resorting to church . ----- - if

----- -for not going for a month Jjf

Fine, where to be paid ii

Penalty for retaining a servant, not going to church ii Justices in sessions to enquire concerning recusants ii. Papill mult take the oaths, or register his lands , ii His name mud be subscribed to the regillry at sessions il Justices to subscribe as witness'es — - uj

All deeds and wills already properly enrolled are valid ii. No manors, lands, &c. to pal's, unless properly enrolled — ii

Cautions which justices may use with suspected per-

POST-OFFICE. All persons concerned therein to

take the oath ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- — il

Persons appointed to measure the roads to be sworn :;!

Poll-boy quitting the mail how punished ----- --ii

----- --- unlawfully conveying letters how punished il

Pollmarter embezzling or destroying letters, &c. felony il Sums not received, how recovered from pollinaders ii

Robbing of mail, felony ---- ----- ----- -

Pecuniary penalties how distributed ii

How recovered, if under 20I. — il

Witness'es summoned and refusing how punished ii

Summons at the inn where the carriage Hands, deemed legal i!

PRISON. BREAKING. Prison breakers not bailable, and why — — d.

Trite

INDEX.-

375

Prlfon breakers may be arraigned for this, in the first place — .. 250

Gaoler's punishment - id.

Criminal, nflaulting the keeper, to break the gaol,

may be killed . - id.

PROCESS. Justices may continue processes - id.

Sessions may award process on indictments - id.

li'amint before presentment, process after - id.

Where the king is a party, the process by the (hcrilT - id.

Sheriff may break open doors, to take offenders - id.

One justice may bail any at sessions, except felons - id.

Process of capias, &c. mult iffttc from King's-bench - id.

' By the outlawry, all personals are vested in the king 251

Jiltices of gaol delivery may award execution of an

outlaw - id.

PROPHECIES. Uttering false prophecies, how pu-

nilhable - id.

PUBLIC WORSHIP. Speaking irreverently of the fa-

crament, &c. how punished - id.

Public tvorship to be performed in ships - id.

Dillurbitig a preacher, how pttnilhcd 252

R.

RAPE. On a female child under 10 years, felony - id.

Woman's at last yielding, no mitigation - id.

Her being a (trumpet, does not exettfe - id.

Many circumstances to be considered in the evidence id. Caution necessary in trials of offences of this fort Zji

RECOGNIZANCE. What it is - id.

On what occasions taken - id.

Some required by statute, others in congruity Zy\

Party refusing to be bound, may be committed - id.

All recognizances mint be made to the king - id.

They mult be read to the party, and subscribed by the

justice ' - id.

Recognizances

INDEX.

Paj

Recognizances to be certified to the sessions — —

The default to be certified iri chancery, &c. jj

In felony, the recognizances to be certified to the general gaol delivery - if

RESTITUTION of STOLEN GOODS. In what . case a writ of rellitution may be awarded if

RIOT, ROUT, &c; How distinguished ~

justices' power in the case of rioters ----

Riot aft, how often to be read —

Justices how to act in riots — — —

To demolish a church or chapel, felony — —

Power of the county may be raised by two or three

justices ,. ----- -- ----- ----- ----- ---

The people indiftable for not assisting —

Justices to record the offence ' . —

Justices to enquire of the riot within a month

"Sheriff to repay the costs ----- ----- — —

Justices fineable for neglect ----- ----- ----- ----- - —

Rioters, by what authority to be taken 1 —

if

ii

if

if

if

if

if

!il

if

RIVERS and NAVIGATION; Destroying lock,

iluice, &c. how punished; if;

Drawing up a floodgate how punished ft!

Calling bailaft out of a ship in harbour, fineable if Justices how to act when a vessel is funk in harbour tjf Stealing goods out of a vessel in a river — if

ROBBERY. How defined ----- ----- ----- ---- . if

To kill a person,attempting to rob, riot murder ii The hundred riot liable for robbery on the Lord's-day ii If the robbers may be discerned, the hundred shall

anAver ----- ----- ----- ----- -- !jj

Not more than 200I. recoverable of the hundred if

What steps to be taken in suing the hundred ----- if

How the money is to be levied in the hundred ---- if

Constables to pay it to the sheriff, and he to the

plaintiff — — if

High constable to be reimbursed his expences ii

Reward for apprehending a felon ii

Such person to have the goods of the robber — . if Executors to receive the reward, if one be killed if

Discovery of two or more by one out of prison if

Robbery in the navy punishable by court-martial if

SEAMED

INDEX,

377

S.

SEAMEN. Travelling with a teflimonial, no vagrants 260 To personate a seaman, or forge his will, felony 261 Mailer of a merchant ship to agree for wages - id.

Mariner deferring forfeits his wages - id.

How farther punishable - id.

Abfcnting himself, without leave, how punishable id. Time limited for paying wages - id.

SEARCH WARRANT. Justice cannot legally grant

a blank warrant - id.

Much less a general warrant - id.

Search warrant cannot be granted but on oath 262

In what cases it may be executed in the night-time - id.

To whom such warrant is to be directed - id.

Officer justifiable in entering a suspected house - id.

Stolen goods, if found, to be deposited in the officer's

hand ill*

Receiver how to be dealt with - id.

1ERVANTS. Who are compellable to serve - id.

Two justices may appoint females to service ----- ----- ---- 263

II no time be expressed, a servant shall be retained for

one year - id.

It a servant be lick, his wages should not be abated id. Justices at Easter shall rate wages - id.

Justices being clothiers shall not rate wages for making

cloth - id.

Justice not being present at rating wages, fincable id. Clothier, &c. refilling to pay the rated wages; how

punishable - id.

Lakourers working in harvest — — 264

No person carrying a certificate; a vagrant - id.

Servant escaping may be taken in another county id. Servant assaulting his matter, how punishable - id.

Servant Healing or embezzling goods, how punished id;

'SILK WINDERS) Purloining, &c. how punished 263 Journeyman weavers' wages; how settled - id.

Neither more nor less to be given or taken - id.

ffhat to be done to offenders of this fort - id.

Mailer weavers fraudulently evading the act ----- - 266

No silk weaver to have more than two apprentices - id.

C c c (CLOTHIERS)

INDEX.

Pag

(CLOTHIERS) To pay wages in money, not goods

Weavers purloining, tkc. how punished ----- ----- ---- y

Penalties how disposed of . ----- ----- ----- ----- --- y

Two justices to determine offences y

They shall levy reasonable coils by distress ---- tf-

Constable or parish oliicer may by warrant search, Sic. ij Farther penalties for paying by way of truck — y. Weaver, &c. not returning tools, &c. how punished id, Persons buying such tools, &c. how punished :5i

Justice may grant time to exculpate, ifrequelied id, Goods purloined and received may be fought for - id.

Conviction on parchment and filed at next sessions - id.

Commitment for second offence

Various other MattufaSlurers ----- -

Purloining materials how punished All payments to be made in money Farther punishment for second offence

- id.

— ih

— ill

— ^

(LEATHERN) Manufacturers how punished for embez-

zling - id.

Receiver of such goods punished alike — n

Payments only in money, except by consent — id. Fraudulent labourer to pay double damage . — id,

Frauds, &c. determined by two justices ----- ----- ii

Negligent servant how punished id,

Yurlqin other ivhomftifiarcr; — — . - id.

Purloining materials how punished ii

Penally on receiving such goods, &c. id

If the goods be worked up, two justices may on proof

convifl — r:

Embezzling drugs, &c. for (lying, punished alike id,

Spoiling work, forfeiture of double value - id.

Neglcfting work begun, how punished . — ii

Carrier punished for fraud in delivery ----

Owner of materials may view the Itate of them id. Work to be returned in eight days - id.

Any house may be searched by warrant for embezzled

goods id,

Time may he allowed to exculpate themselves ii

Materials seized, how disposed of ::i

{JOURNEYMEN DYERS) How punishable and

what —

Contracts in clubs, illegal, and how punished Penalty for not paying wages in money — One justice may grant a warrant to apprehend

I vn D E X.

The offence to b.c determined before two — Who shall be deemed a competent witness — Form of conviction on pavchment —

Unions aggrieved may appeal to sessions -Reeling false yarn, bow punished Farm of conviction, on parchment Persons appealing bound to pay colts Penalties for false reelingto be levied by distress

Page

id.

id.

276

id.

id.

id.

UCE MANUFACTURERS) To be paid in money Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions - id.

CLOCK MAKERS, &c.) Forfeitures for embezzlement - id.

Receivers of watches, &c. so purloined, punished

alike 27H

One jnflice may apprehend and convict - id.

Form of conviction - id.

SESSJKDMEN, &c.) One justice may settle differences - id.

Limitation of tire Aim in dispute - id.

Offender may be committed for a month - id.

Mailer may he summoned, and fcrvnnt discharged z~g

Stannaries ir. Cornwall, &c, excepted - id.

Csilico-printers - not fulfilling contract, how pu-

I nished - id.

|Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions - id.

uYLORS) Hours and wages for work, limited ill

and near London - id.

l-kilcr shall not give, nor workman take more zSo

Persons giving or receiving more how punished - id.

jWages how and where regulated in London and West-

minitcr - id,

Tim?: of general mourning excepted - id.

Mirier removing workmen to elude the act - id.

Persons convicted by two jultiecs may appeal ----- ---- 2K1

'&13UKEP.S) Purloining shoes, or buying such

Shoes, how punished id,

Tarojakiccs may search for Inch goods . - id.

hsemaltcr hired to one, and going to another, how punished - id.

Duty on fen-ants P-r.o are to put this ;.ci in execution C c c. z

2S2

id.

Before

INDE Xo

Before whom offences are to be tried Penalties and forfeitures may be mitigated

; Paj( ----- - 28!

SESSIONS. May be held before two or more juflicss id. General quarter-sessions, general sessions, special ditto - id.

When to be holden ' ----- id,

Oftener in Middlesex - id.

Adjournments refer to the first commencement aSj Any two justices (i Q^,) may summon a fession id,

----- -- — — may command the sheriff to return a

grand jury id,

Justices compellable to appear at sessions ----- ---- id,

No justice to join in an order of sessions where he is concerned J _ — - — : y,

What persons ought to be present at sessions - id.

Persons attending sessions protested from common

arrest — - ' ' :Jj

Solicitor, &c. at sessions mull be inrolleil - id.

Sessions may do whatever is required of two justices - id.

The sessions continuing is all as one day — . - id.

Justices may alter their judgments, while it lasts id, Sessions cannot amerce justices for non-attendance - id.

Sessions' power in cases of outlawry id,

----- --may indict for contempt of orders - id.

Justices not punishable, but for abuse of power - id.

How the sessions are opened ' - id.

Hours for taking the oaths - id.

What acts are to be read at sessions - id.

Recognizances to be called — — :£;

Defects in form to be first rectified, on appeals ' - id.

Then to proceed on the merits - id.

What is done in cases of trespass and assault — id,

Where the prosecutor and defendant agree, what is

done ' — — ' id

SEWERS. Justices may aft, when the commission of ' sewers is expired ----- ----- ----- ----- - ' ' — id

SHEEP. Killing in the night, felony — id

Maiming'or wounding, treble damages — ~ id

Driving away to kill, felony -

Reward for apprehending lheep-stealers — - id

SHERIFF. Hath two courts, the king's and his otvn id Need not execute justice's' warrant in person — — jd

Bound, on summons, to attend the sessions'' ----- --- jj

Punishable by justices in sessions —

Cannot aft as justice, while sheriff;

May be indicted, &c. for escape of prisoners

SHIRE-H-UI

INDEX.

... Page

SHIRE-HALL. To be presented. at the assizes, if out

of repair 286

To be repaired by money from the county rate - id.

Limited sum may be expended on it without present-

ing . ----- ----- ----- ----- - 287

Persons or places bound to repair it, shall continue

liable

id-

. Ventilators if necessary to be paid for by county-rate id-

SILKS. Silk thrower mud have served seven years id. Foreign silks imported only to London - id.

Forfeited, if imported elsewhere — . - id.

Penalty on offering them to sale - id.

' Persons, how authorized to seize such silks - id.

Penalties how applied — 288

Ribbands imported, may be seized - id.

Who may aft in these cases - id.

Goods where to be deposited - id.

How to be disposed of, and the produce applied id. pifeovery of the feller acquits the receiver - id.

Silk dockings, &c. imported, are forfeited - id.

Jnllices may proceed as in the case of laces, &c. 289 .

SLANDER. Words tending to a breach of peace id. These only cognizable by justices - id.

Challenging may be bound over, or indicted - id.

Jnllices do not interfere in private Hander - id.

SOLDIER enlifoed to be taken to a j 11 (lice - id.

‘ Time limited for declaring his dissent - id.

Second and sixth sections of articles of war to be read

to him 290

The soldier's oath 291

Soldier not appearing deemed enlisted — . - id.

Muller roll to be signed by mayor, &c. - id.

Muller how made in Westminster and Southwark 292

Muller mailer's oath ' ' - id.

Penalty for false muttering - id.

{ufticcs' power to provide carriages for arms, &c. - id.

ate of payment for such carriages 293

Penalty on officers' not discharging carriages - id.

Weight to be limited - id.

Constable's neglect herein how punished ----- ----- --. - id.

Con fable to be reimbursed by county-treasurer - id.

If public stock be not sufficient, what is done 29^.

No toll for horses or carriages on their march - id.

Where soldiers, &c. may be billetted - id.

No

IND E X.

No jtiftice having military command, to billet Constable's partiality or neglect, how punished Officer taking money to excuse billeting, cashiered No wives or children quartered without content of the

owner , .

Constable to give an account of the billeting'

What done in West min Her respecting quarters Soldier with family to be sent to his settlement Soldier, &c. accused, to be delivered to the ms.

gistrate ----- ---- ----- ----- ----- -

----- --convicted of (wearing, to be set in the (locks

Deserter how to be dealt with ----- ----- - ----- -----

No honfe to be broken open for him without warrant Reward for apprehending to be paid out of the land-

:9i

id.

id.

7>

id.

id.

id.

id.

id.

256

' I

tax - id.

Harbouring a deserter, how punished — . jj.

Justices have no power to prolong a furlough - id.

Soldiers setting up trades not to be molelted' ----- - 25;

Not to be removed till actually chargeable - id.

They may be summoned and (worn to their settleircnt id. See also Supplement, article Soldiers.

STAMPS. Selling almanacks undamped, how punished ' - id.

Hills of exchange, notes, drafts, &c. to be stamped id. Receipts for dock in the Bank, &c. exempted :q3

Ten pounds to be paid for (lamping a receipt already

written - id.

Any justice may hear and determine offences - id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions ----- ---

julliccs may mitigate the penalties - id.

Penalty on witnesses not appearing, &c. - id.

Two jufficcs may hear and determine penalties under

20I. id'

Complaint to be made within a year ' — — -5)

Justices may mitigate penalties, to a certain degree jd. Penalties half to the king, and half to the prosecutor Any justice may determine penalties of llamps on marriages, fee. !"

He may, under certain limitations, mitigate them ' Forfeitures half to the king, and half to the informer ja

STOLEN GOO DS. One justice may grant a warrant

to foirch for them - - — "

Person on whom f>nr..i, how punishable ----- ----- - "

Comtables, and watchmen on duty may feitic fufpcfled

perl'ons ^

Haw to be dealt with, when anprehended — - ,u-

' Periou-

INDEX,

Pccfons to whom they arc offered to be pawned or fold.

Page.

how to act

300

SUMMONS. Notice to be given in all legal proceedings ---- ----- ----- ----

Party accused to be summoned ____

In cases of felony, Sec. a warrant ____

301

id.

id.

SURETY for the PEACE. What it is, by whom taken, and for what - id.

Who are required to give fecnrity — 302

Justices to grant it against any, on just cause - id.

Haw to proceed against a peer - id.

i'crlim to be bound may be committed, if he has no

sureties - id.

Warrant may be special, or before some other - id.

Sureties being found, a fupcrfcdcas may be had - id.

Doors may be broken, where admittance is denied - id.

ft is at the officer's election, before whom to take the

prisoner - id.

Officer neglecting his duty, indiftable - id.

The party muff ojjcr faredes 303

Recognizance for keeping the peace is right and proper id;

When forfeited, what is to be done - id.

He who is bound to the peace rnuft appear - id.

He mull also record his appearance - id.

SURETY for the GOOD BEHAVIOUR.

Of great affinity with that of the peace - id.

Not ni'ually granted by one justice 304

For tvhat'causes a man may be bound to his good behaviour - id.

Of what persons such security shall be taken - id.

SWEARING. The several penalties according to rank - id.

Penalties how applied - id.

juiliccs may convict on hearing 305

ConlUble, if he is unknown, shall carry him to a

ju (lice - id.

Constable, if he is known, shall inform against him - id.

Conviction within eight days - id.

Justice immediately to levy the penalty or commit - id.

Offender to pay colls, or be committed - id.

Soldier or seaman to be set in the stocks - id.

Form of conviction - id.

To be written on parchment, and returned to sessions - id.

Penalty

384 INDEX,

Penalty on justice omitting his duty Penalty on con {table's neglect Act to be read in the church

T.

TITHES. Great, finall, and offerings, how described id. How to proceed for the recovery of them — id,

Justices' duty therein — — — ii.

Costs and charges allowed, not more than 10s. id, Constables or churchwardens may distrain Time limited for detaining the distress Persons aggrieved by the justices may appeal

Cafe of quaker's refusal ----

Two justices may direct the payment One justice may grant a warrant of distress In case of appeal, no distress, till the determination id, Ho time limited for detaining quaker's distress id,

TOBACCO. Search to be made, what planted, and

by whom id,

Two justices may grant a warrant to destroy it ;;! Adulterating tobacco or snuff, how punished — id, Hot to be removed till duty is paid . — ii,

Seizure, determined by two justices — ii

TORN. King's court holden before the sheriff ii

Who are privileged from appearing1 at it — ii

TRANSPORTATION. Penitential houses ordered to be crested - — - ii

id,

ii

TREASON., Is against the peace of the king and realm — —

Cognizable by justices — — —

Justices having committed the offender, what to do High treason how ascertained ---

I!.

ii

id.

TREASURER of the county by whom appointed ; Must give suficient security -----

TURNIPS, &c. Stealing, pulling up, or destroying JJ; Penalty how divided — — 11

INDEX.

JfconviiTced by the owner, all to the poor Form of conviction —

V.

VAGRANTS. Divided into three claH'cs Idle and disorderly persons, who How punished by any justice Rogues and vagabonds how described Incorrigible rogues described Person rewarded for apprehending such High conibble punishable for not paying the reward 315

Constable neglecting to take up vagrants - id.

General.privy search to be made four times a year id. Rogues and Vagabonds so taken to be examined id. Not giving a good account, to be committed - id.

Their persons and goods to be advert}fed - id.

Vagrants to be examined, and figued by themselves 314 shall be publickly whipt, or sent to the house of correction - id.

Jailices in sessions may transport such vagrants - id.

justices in sessions may apprentice vagrants' children - id.

Vagrants, whose place cannot be found, to be detained - id.

After whipping or confinement, a pass may be granted - id.

What to be done with children 315

Certificate, how to be conveyed - id.

Constable to deliver them to the constable in the next

county ' - id.

Call constable to deliver the pass and examination - id.

Constable to take the churchwardens' receipt - id.

JsSiccs in sessions to limit the rates of conveying - id.

High constable to repay the petty conibble . - id.

Treasurer to pay, if the high constable cannot 316

Penalty for counterfeiting such certificate - id.

Coallable's neglect in conveying, how punished - id.

Parish receiving vagrants to employ them - id.

If the examination appear false, what to be done id. Cannot be removed hack but by two justices id-,

Lunatic vagrants how secured . - id.

Penalty on knowingly lodging a vagabond - id.

Vagrant woman delivered, to be detained ----- ----- ---317

Churchwardens to be reoaid by the treasurer - id.

D d d This

Page

'310

id.

id.

id.

5"

id.

id.

386

INDEX,

page

Thjs to be ordered by juAices at sessions — 317

Woman to be sent to the house of correction > - id.

Child, if a baltard, shall follow the .woman's settle-

ment - id.

Justice to make record of the whole proceedings id. Constable defective in his duty, how punished - id.

Expences of conveying vagrants, how raised - id.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to sessions - id.

w.

WARRANT. JuAice on view may apprehend a felon 318

Otherwise mufl ifl'ue his warrant in writing - id.

In what cases it may be lawfully granted - id.

In what cases a summons is preferable - id.

Convenient, but not always necessary, to require an

oath - id.

Safe to bind over the plaintiff to give evidence id,

Persons suspected of felony may be apprehended id,

Caution nevertheless to justices in this matter 319

Safe to shew the place where the warrant is made - id.

To whom a warrant should be directed - id.

Jf the act is silent, to the constable - id.

If for the peace, &c. the cause should be specified - id.

If for felony,' &c. to answer. &c. on the king's behalf - id.

Before whom to be brought (fee alfi 302) - id.

It muff be under hand and seal - id.

Warrant to be indorsed, if the prisoner escapes - id.

Form of indorsement (in another county) — 320

WATCH and WARD. How distinguished - id.

Watchman what to do with suspected persons - id.

Watchman's executors (if he be killed) rewarded 3:!

WEIGHTS and MEASURES. Standard to be kept

in market towns - id.

To be examined twice a year, or oftener - id.

Selling by any other, how punishable - id.

WOMEN abused, under 10 years old, felony — — id,

Marriage of a woman under 21 null and void id

Unless by consent of parents and guardians ----- --- id

Different sentence of a woman in high treason id

Burning

INDEX.

387

Burning, in high and petty treason In felony, the judgment is the same

Page.

'3?2

id.

WOOD. Breaking hedges, robbing orchards, &c. - id.

How punishable, the first time id-

Any person carrying wood may be apprehended - id.

Constable by warrant may enter houses - id.

Penalties, or imprisonment — id,

Punishments for firli, second, and third offence 323

Prosecution within six weeks . - id.

Buying stolen wood, how punishable . - id.

Throwing down hedges and inclosures - id.

Imprisonment and whipping . - id.

Throwing down or fpoihng trees on the watte - id.

Lopping, or defacing timber trees, how punished 324. Plucking up Ihrubs or plants, See. , - id.

Cutting down hollies, thorns, &c. in woods - id.

To hinder seizing such offenders, how punishable 325

Form of conviction - id.

Throwing down inclosures in the night - id.

Lopping, burning, trees and Ihrubs in gardens - id.

Setting any wood on fire, felony — . - id.

See also Black AS, page zo

Parishioners may pay for inclosing out of poor's rate 326 Profit of underwood for the relief of the poor - id.

Such agreement for inclosure to be enrolled id,

Persons aggrieved may appeal in six months - id.

Saws, axes, hatchets. See. may be seized by king's

Purveyor - id.

Penalty for carrying wood out of the realm - id.

Forfeitures how to be disposed of - id.

WOOLLEN MANUFACTURE. The hundred answer damages incurred in seizing wool

Reward for executor of person killed ----

Farther reward from of of customs, &c. Penalty for deceitfully working of woollen cloth Every fuller punishable for impairing cloth — Two justices may yearly appoint overseers of cloth

Penalty on refilling to be an overseer ----

Penalty on denying search — —

Dyers to appoint searchers ----- --- ----- ----- --

Justices also may appoint searchers ----

Searcher's oath to be previously taken —

Penalties and forfeitures how recovered —

Prosecution within 40 days — — —

D d d 2

to

id.

f

id.

id.

id.

. - id.

328

. - id.

id. . - id.

- 329

. - id.

Cutting

INDEX

Pagf

Cutting or Sealing doth from the rack in the night,

felony 3:5

Complaint of cloth stolen to be made in 10 days 33c fulling miller to take an oath to measure truly id

Buyer not Satisfied, may measure again — . id,

forfeiture for deficiency in length or breadth id,

The tenter to be measured and marked — id,

Inspectors chosen, their oath 331

Justices to allow a salary to inspectors id,

Salaries for Searchers in Yorkshire id,

Penalty for overstretching cloth — — id,

J ustice, if a dealer in cloth, not to determine id,

The forfeitures how to be applied id,

Measurers appointed,by justices in Yorkshire - id.

Such officers how disqualified 332

Disputes determined before one justice - id.

Searcher falsely flamping to be punished — > - id.

Penalty on supervisor for flior't measure - id.

Information to be made in ten days - id.

Refusal or neglect for 10 days, how punished id,

Inspectors to return an account of convictions to

sessions ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- 335

An affidavit of burial in woollen within eight days id. Affidavit to be granted, gratis - id.

Before whom it may be made id;

Minister, how to act, where none is made — id,

Churchwardens to complain to magistrate - id.

Warrant to levy the forfeiture - id.

No overseer's account to be allowed, till the burials

are accounted for tjj

WRECK. Justices and others to get proper assistance id. Any justice may assemble the power of the county - id.

Ships at anchor near, compellable to aflifl - id.

Penalty for officers refusing to afliil - id.

Whom the pepfons assembled are to obey - id.

Allowance to ilicriff, julliccs, &c. attending , - id.

Persons unauthorized going on board, how punished 333

Reasonable Salvage to be paid - — . - id.

Penalty for assaulting persons aiding herein - id.

Stealing or destroying ihipwrccked goods, felony id, Stealing from on shore without violence, petty larceny - id.

forwarding the loss of a ship in distress, felony id,

Goods llolen from a wreck, fought for as other stolen

goods ----- ----- ----- ----- -----

Such goods offered to sale may be Seized — — .

rl

id.

id.

INDEX.

Page

The feller to pay treble value, or be committed 336

Persons belonging to the vessel to be examined id.-

Justice to deliver a copy to the officer of customs - id.

Examination to be sent to the secretary of Admiralty id. Three justices may give an officer of the cultoms pof-

session - id.

Goods not claimed in a year to be sold - id.

Perishable goods to be sold immediately - id.

Money to be paid into the Exchequer - id.

Not to prej udice the right of lords of manors, &c. - id.

Forms

39°

Forms and Precedents of Warrants, See.

No. Pag;

I. Summons of a mailer on complaint of an Apprentice — — — j

z Summons of an Apprentice on complaint of his j

mailer — — > — ill

3 Summons of the Master by two justices ij

4. Warrant from two justices against a disorderly j Apprentice — — — ilj

5 Apprentice's commitment by two justices ilj

6 Apprentice's discharge by two justices, if the {

apprentice-fee did not exceed 5I. otherwise by } four justices at the least (1 — — iii

7 Warrant for an Assault — — ill

8 Voluntary confession, before the birth of a Has- j

tabo-Child - i[

9 Warrant for apprehending the reputed father of a f

Bastard before its birth il.

10 Examination of the mother of a Bastard after its j

birth ----- ----- ----- ----- - '

si Warrant for'apprehending the reputed father of a ; Bastar n after the birth . ----- '1

12 Form of a recognizance in case of B a t t a r n y il

13 Mittimus of the reputed father of a Bastard

child . - — 'i

V/ar.

14.

Forms of Warrants, &c.

39i

Page 1 Warrant from two jnflices to make the order of maintenance of a Bastard child — viii

r An order for the maintenance of a Bastard child ix

S Form of Commitment in general X

1 An award of Costs - id.

5 Form of a warrant to distress for Costs xi

j Form of commitment for want of distress for Costs xii

:) Form of Examination of a person accused xiii

:i Warrant on suspicion of Felony - id.

3 Commitment for Felony — xiv

5 Recognizance to indict for Felony - id.

!| to give evidence for Felony - id.

Information against an unqualified person for de-ftroyingGAME xvi

:( Summons of ditto for ditto - id.

7 Warrant to levy the fine on ditto for ditto — - xxii

:i Commitment of ditto for ditto — xviii

"Warrant for good Behaviour - id.

S Recognizance for ditto — — xtx

ji Form of appointment of Surveyors of the High WAYS - id.

Complaint against defaulters on the Highways XX

jj Summons of ditto on ditto — xxi

4 Warrant of distress for neglect of duty Highways - on the - id.

35 In*

Forms of Warrants, &c.

No. Pag

35 Information for non-payment of an Highway-

Assessment xxi

36 Summons for not paying an Highway Assess-

ment , — — — xxii

37 Warrant of distress for not paying ditto - id

38 Commitment in default of distress for ditto xxi

39 Information in general — — — — »:

40 Conviaion of felling by false Measures, See. id

41 Precept to the high constable for Militia lifts xxv

42 High constable's notice to petty constables of the

number of Militia men id

43 Ditto's warrant for Militia men to be sworn and

enrolled — sxvi

44 Summons of a Militia man neglecting to be

sworn, &c. xxviv

45 Warrant to levy 10I. by distress on ditto - — id

46 Warrant to commit a Militia man,.where iol.

cannot be levied xxi-

47 Warrant to distress for Quaker's substitutes in the

Militia xv

4S Recognizance to india for a Misdemeanour x>:.\

49 ----- ----- --- to answer for ditto id

50 ----- ----- --- to give evidence for ditto id

51 Warrant to apprehend one breaking the Peace xxsi

52 Recognizance for keeping the Peace ----- --xxxii

53 Commitment for want of sureties to keep the

Peace ---= — id

54 Warrant for the appointment of overseers of the

Poor ---- xxxi

Forms of Warrants, &c.

No. Page

;; Warrant (after summons) against an overseer, for

not holding a monthly meeting for the Poor xxxiv '

Warrant of distress for not paying a Poor's rate xxxv

j7 Warrant to bring the Pauper to be examined xxxvl

jS Form of examination of ditto before, two justices - id.

;9 Form of a Pauper's certificate ----- --- xxxvii

(3 Order of removal of Poor ----- --- xxxviii

61 Information of Pauper, with summons and order

for relief — — xxxix

(: Order of Removal of a certificate person xl

63 Form of general Recognizance without sureties - id.

dj Ditto with sureties xli

{; Information of fraud respecting Rent . - id.

(5 Summons of an offender for aiding in ditto - id.

i] Order to levy a fine for aiding in ditto --- ,\]ii

6S Warrant to search for Stolen Goods ----- ---- xliii

b) Summons for non-payment of S e r v a x t's wages - id.

;o Order for the payment for ditto ----- xliv

;i Distress for non-payment of ditto - — . xlv

y. Servant's complaint against master xlvi

;3 Summons of master for ill ticatment of Servant - id.

;r Discharge of a Servant . ----- - xlvii

;; Matter's complaint against Servant — — jd.

6 Warrant to apprehend disorderly S e r v a n t xlviii

i7 Commitment of ditto - id.

7$ Su Si-

ll e c

m

Forms of Warrants, &c.

pa|ej

xlixl

I

No.

78 Summons in general

79 Certificate of So l d i e r's enlisting — —

80 Warrant to provide Soldier's carriages ----- -

8 £ Complaint for non-payment of small T v r H e s

82 ----- --- — against 3 Quaker for refusal of T y t h es

S3 Summons for non-payment of small T y t h e s

84. Summons for payment of Quaker's Ty t h es 85 Order for payment of small Tyt h es — —

S6 ----- ---- — — — l of Quaker's Tythes - —

87 Warrant of distress for small Tythes — .

SS ----- ----- ----- --- for Quaker's small Ty t h e s

89 Certificate from different counties respcfling

Tythes ---- ----- ----- ----- -

90 Precept for a privy search for Vagrants ____

91 Vagrant's examination ----- ----- --- ----- ---

9a Warrant for publickly whipping a Va g r a n t 93 Commitment of a Vagrant ____

94. Vagrant's pass, in the same jurisdiction .___

93 Ditto's pals to Scotland ___

96- Ditto's pass to Ireland ________ __________

97 Order for constable's charges with a Vagrant

9S Order to high confiabie to pay 10s. to a Vagrant

99 Warrant to levy 20s. on a constable for refufinv to pay 1 os. ;_"

too Warrant — ____

id.'.

1

2

h!

V

id!

liii

j

li*

Hi

hi

301 For:

Forms of Warrants, &c.

So. Page

ioi Form of indorsing sWarrant lxii

I, Search warrant for llolen Wood - id.

loj Warrant to levy the penalty for ditto — lxiii

ioj Commitment for Healing ditto lxiv

ioj Commitment (after a summons) for aiding in ex-

porting Wool lxv

E e e z

SUPPLEMENT;

SUPPLEMEN T;j

. i

. j

CONTAINING THE. j

I

MAGISTRATES D U T Y, I

RESPECTING

THE ACTS OF 24. CEO. HI. SESS. 2, 1784.|

f

S

Ale, Beer, and other Exciseablej Liquors. j

BY this act, an additional duty of tos. 6d. is to be paj for every licence for retailing beer, ale, &c. over anJ| above all other duties chargeable thereon. ' |

The new duty to be under the government, care, and ra:-| nagement of the commissioners of the stamp duties. I

Coaches.

BY this act, from Sept. 4, 17S4, an additional duty 0* 5s. is to he paid for all licences to keep 'or drive anyj hackney coach within the cities of London and Wellminta,-or the fttburbs, or weekly bills of mortality. The duty tty be paid monthly, and all the direfiions, provisors, &c. o| former efts to he observed. I

All licences in future to be granted under payment of ics.j weekly rent. \

The

Coaches,

s. d.

The fares in future to be for one mile and a half i o

For not exceeding two miles i 6

For every half mile afterwards increased o 6

For the first hour - I 6

For every hour after - i 6

For it day of 12 hours - u 6

For every hour exceeding 12 hours 1 6

Persons driving a mourning coach or hearse without a number within five miles of Temple-Bar, may be summoned before the of, and fined 5I.

Every cart or dray, &c. within five miles of Temple-Ear, or in the bills of mortality, shall have the owner's name and place of abode entered at the hackney coach office, and affixed, together with the number of the carriage, on some conspicuous part thereof.

The penalties and forfeitures recoverable as by former laws, and the additional duty to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, and kept distinct from all other branches of the public revenues.

Id.

Id.

U,

House of Correction.

BY this act, justices who have not, in pursuance of the 24 g.

former act of 22 G. 3. c. 64. examined the date of the 55. houses of correction, may enforce the said act at the next or any subsequent quarter-sessions: and when the expences of building, rebuilding, or enlarging such heufes shall exceed one half of the annual county rate (on an average of the lad fra years) the justices in their sessions may borrow on the credit of the county rate any sums, not less than jol. nor more than iool. each, by way of mortgage.

The whole conduct of this matter relative to the borrowing Id. and repayment of money, and also the purchase of lands, &c. is on the same footing with the act respecting the gaols (except the clause which forbids any justice being concerned in inv contract for rebuilding, &c.) to which the reader may very conveniently be referred, in this supplcment.

Any justice or justices of the peace authorized to convict u. ay person or persons in a summary way, without a jury, nay, after the passing of this act, if he or they shall think fit, commit persons so convicted to the house of correction, inliead r-fthe common gaol.

Distillerv.

398

Distillery.

__ Tp Y tills act, the additional duties on rum and spirits im.

6 3 ' ported into Great-Britain, the produce of the British

' + ' sugar islands, by several acts of parliament, shall be suspended for two years from Sept, i, 1784. jj. No buyer of any British spirittlou's liquors shall avail him.

fclf of any of the forfeitures under this act, unless such buyer shall, within 14 days next after the delivery of the said goods, exhibit His complaint of information upon oath, before the commissioners of excise, orjustices of the peace having jurisdiction, and forthwith prosecute the same with effefl: And when any such buyer shall, before the delivery of such fpi. rituous iiquors, have actually paid for the same, and shall prosecute the feller, by information, for the recovery of the 1 penalty of double value, to conviction; the said buyer shall and may maintain his action upon the case at the common law against the feller for the money so paid, and upon oh-, taining a verdict in such action, the plaintiff' shall recover his

colls of suit.

Game.

HC- 3-fill'-e. 43.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

ANY person duly qualified, as directed by former afis, to kill game, is to deliver in his name and place of abode to the clerk of the peace of the county in England, and to the Ihcriff or ilewart clerk of the county in Scotland, and annually take out a certificate, paying two guineas for the same.

Every gamekeeper, on taking out his deputation, shall annually pay 1 os. 6d.

Any qualified person, who after Clct. 1, 1784, shall (hoot at or kill any game, without such certificate as is abovementioned, shall forfeit 50I.

The lord or lady of the manor, or proprietor of the land, whereon such person shall be (hooting, or any gamekeeper appointed as before, or any person having obtained such certificate, or any officer of the (lamps properly authorized by the of for that purpose, may require the certificate to be produced; and the person refusing to shew the same; or not having it to produce, refusing to tell his name, and the place of his residence, and the county where his certificate was i(luted, shall forfeit 50I.

The times of killing game are limited as by former acts, notwithstanding such certificates.

Gamekeepers

Game. 399

Gamekeepers are not allowed by any certificate to kill 34- £? % -Sff2' game out of the limits of the manor, for which the depute- r‘ 43-tion was given.

Penalties for offences against this act may be sued for and y, ttcovered in any of his Majesty's courts by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

' Any juAice of the county, where the penalty doth not ex- y. teed 2ol» may summon the parties before him, and hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, tnav give judge-neat, and levy the penalties bydillrcfs; to be fold, if not redeemed within six days, and the overplus, if any, to be tendered to the owner; or, in default of distress, the offender may be committed for six months, or till the penalties shall be paid.

Persons aggrieved by such justice may appeal to the next Id. general quarter-sessions, whole determination shall be final.

The form of conviction shall be this:

? Be it remembered, that on the ----- -day of ----- -in the y.

J year "of our Lord ----- at ----- -in the county of ----- -,

A. B. came before me C. D. one of his majesty's juJUces of the (tote for the said county, ref ding near the place ‘inhere ihe~bffcuce

ran committed, and informed me that E. F. of---- on the -----

hqof — — ntnulaf pafl, being a qualified, person, or having a Imitation to hill game [as the case may happen] did foot at, till, take, or defray [as the fail shall he for which the information is laid] without having the certificate required by la-m fir that purpose; ‘whereupon the said E. F, after being duly sum-mned to anf.eer the said charge, appeared before me, and having herd the charge contained in the said information, tteclared hi '.as mi guilty of the said offence, or [as the case may be] did I set appear before me, pursuanl to the said fittmmns, or did neglect tout refuse to make any defence against the said charge, hut the fmt being fully proved upon the oath of G. Id. a credible -veil-tf, or [as the case may be] acknowledged and voluntarily con-fifed the same' to be true; and it mauifrjlly appears to me, that dr the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information: I do therefore lere/y conviel him of the offence efwtsaid, and do declare and adjudge, that he the said E. F.

iath forfeited the sum of--of lawful money of Great-Britain,

fir the offences aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs, ac-arding to the form of the statute, in that case made and provided.

Given under my baud and fial this ----- day of ----- -in the

The justice, where he shall see enufe, may mitigate the U. penalties, reasonable costs in prosecuting the same being always allowed, over and above the mitigation, so as not to

reduce

400 Game,

reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties in-curred, over and above the said cods and charges.

N. B. After all, it may be doubted, whether ajnfiiu ej the peace can interfere in this aQ at all; lince the act redraws him from proceeding under it, except where the penalty doth not exceed 20I. But there is no penalty under this act less than jol. (except only in a case of neglect in the clerk of the peace) nor is there any power in the justice to mitigate the penalties to less than 25I. being a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above all cods and charges.

Gaols.

H G 3 -M- ' c. 54.

Id.

Id.

IS.

BY this act, justices in fessions, upon presentment ly the grad jury, are enabled to build and repair gaols in their rc/fn-

ti've counties.

v.'The justices are to give notice, three times at lead, in some public paper, of such presentment having been made, and of their intention to take the same into their consideration, at the next or some other general quarter-session; and after such considerntion,. they shall give notice of their-intention to contrast with persons for repairing, rebuilding, ot enlarging such gaol. Such contrafts to be .entered in a book, to be'kept by the clerk of the peace, liable to be inspected by the justices, or any person contributing to the rates of tilt county. See. without fee or reward.

If the presentment sets forth that the place wherein the old gaol is situate is improper, the said justices may build ana gaol in any part or the county, Sec. provided three-fourth: in number of the justices assembled at two successive quarter ' sessions, after due notice as aforesaid, diall approve of lud removal, but not otherwise.

The justices in their choice of the ground, and in detrnninin; their plans, shall pursue such measures as diall provide fepa rate and didindt places of confinement, and dry and air cells, for prisoners of the following descriptions by day an night, viz. Prisoners convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge or suspicion of felony; prisoners committed ft or adjudged to be guilty of misdemeanors ; and debtors: th males of each class to be separated from the females: and separate place of confinement for such prisoners as are toll examined as witness'es on behalf of any prosecution of a indifhnent for felony: separate infirmaries, or ftek ward for men and women; and also a chapel; ami convenier warm and cold baths, or bathing tubs, as directed by 1

401

Gaols.

C. 3. c. 39.; and care shall be taken that the prisoners shall not be kept underground.

The justices may purchase lands, houses, &c. for building, G_ ^ ^ enlarging, and accommodating such gaols. t, .

The sheriff may remove the prisoners to such house or houses of Correction belonging to such county, &c. as the jiilticcs so assembled, with the consent of the said sheriff, shall spprove of; and shall confine them there, while the new gaol is building, or the old gaol is repairing or enlarging: the expence of such removal to be paid by the county, city, division, &c.

The justices at their general quarter-sessions may nominate w aid appoint one or more justice or justices to visit and super-intend the gaols, and make report of the (late thereof to the court of the said general quarter-sessions; which court on such teport may order and direst any sum or fuins of money not exceeding acol. iii any one year to be laid out in repairing fitch gaols; tho' such warrant of repair shall not have been prefectced. by the grand jury : and any one or more justice or jaflices may order accidental damages to be repaired immediately, so far as may be necessary and sufficient'for the safe cnilody of the prisoners; and such justice or justices shall report the same to the next court of general quarter-sessions; which court is hereby authorized to order the payment of ls:h monies as have been neccftarily expended on such repairs.

lixpciices of rebuilding or repairing county gaols are to be defrayed by the county rates: but when the estimate shall exited one half of the amount of the annual county rate, taken a a mean proportion for the lull five years, the justices in their quarter-sessions may borrow oii mortgage of the rates say Aims not less than 50I. nor more than cool, each, at legal or lower interest, as to the major part of them (not being leis than five) shall appear necessary and expedient: such igreements, signed by the chairman and two or more justices present at making the order, to be an effectual security.

All persons, to whom such securities shall be made, may u, fcafer them to any others. The justices may charge the county rates not only with the interest of the sums lo borrowed, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal at ball to such interest; which last shall be applied to the discharge of so many of the principal Aims, as it will extend to discharge in each year; till the whole, both principal and iatrrsft shall be fully paid and discharged.

All receipts and payments are to be entered in a book, to lekept by a proper person, and inspected by the justices at frery fcllions: and if the person appointed to keep the ac-Mint shall not have applied the money to the purposes hereby directed, he shall forfeit double the amount. The justices !' f f shall

Gaols.

shall dtreft in what order the feenrities shall he discharged by lot or otherwise, discharging such first, which shall bear the liigheft intcrclf. The whole money to be paid, within i limited time, not exceeding I,(. years.

?4 G. 3-. Bodies politic and guardians may sell and convey lands for the pttrpose of erecting new gaols, or enlarging the old ones: but if the purchase money of Inch lands shall exceed tool, it shall be laid out in ptirchafe of lands, &c. subject to the same uses, and till the purchases arc made, it shall be laid out In government feenrities; whether it be more or Icfs than tool.

W. If the parties refuse to treat, the justices in sessions, nr any

two or more appointed for that pttrpose, shall enquire into the value of fitch houses, &c. and shall ascertain it by a jury of indifferent men, whose verdict shall be final.

The justices, or any two of them, may ilfuc their warrant to the fhcrift or bailiff, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return 24 qualified persons, out of whom they shall drawbr ballot, ar.d swear, or cause to be sworn, 12 men, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid. And such justices may impol'e a fine of not more than tol. nor less than 20s. on any fherilf or bailiff, fee. making default herein : expences of the jury to be borne by the building fund, if adjudged to be worth more, and by the filler, if icfs, than the justices had offered.

1.;. On payment of the money, or leaving it in the hands of such persons at the justices in session shall appoint, the justices, or any two of them, may take poffrifion of the pre-miles.

Where the county is divided into several ridings, the isi-tices fur the several divisions, in the next general qtiartrr-Icllioi'. after the presentment of the gaol, may nominate ihrt; or snore justices, who shall within one month (due notice having been given to the justices by the clerk of the peace of fitch divisions respectively) meet and assemble at such gaol. And the said justices, or the major part of them (such major part not being Ids than five) shall hold a special sessions at the said gaol, fi>r receiving plans, contracts, &c. and the said bit mentioned justices shall make their report to the general quarirr-feSions of the peace of such ridings, of the several )i. r,i and ilimntes, and also of the money licccflary tote r.'.ift-.l. on each riding, as their quota of the expence tobe incurred ; which sums shall be raised after the manner 0; county rater.

No justice doing any thing in the execution of this act Hi! be capable of having any beneficial inlcrefi or concern whatl'o-ever, in any contract or agreement, nor shall receive any be-n or cr.itiluir.rn: for any design or plan which he may deliver or produce.

Tit;

Gaols.

. The justices at their sessions, or at some special adjournment <7. kid for that purpose, may appoint such salaries and allow1- r. 5.1. Slices to gaolers as they shall think proper, in lieu of the act lantages which might arise from the sale of liquors in tile gaols: such salaries to he paid by the treasurer of t[ie county, city, fee. when ligned by tile chairman of the iellions. But lath certificate of salaries is not to be signed by the chairman , till they shall have been settled at a general qusrtcr-sessions, or at some special adjournment thereof; of which iellions or adjournment, notice shall have been given at leail 14 days before in the public papers by the clerk of the peace.

No gaoler from June 24, 17S5, shall sufi'er tippling or U. gaming in the prison, or shall fell, or suffer to be fold/ any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors, or have any intcreil in the sale thereof, under the penalty of 10I. for every such offence ; to be recovered by distress, on confession, or the oath of any witness or witnesses, which oath the justices are hereby empowered to administer.

The penalty, after charges of recovering it are deducted, Ju'. fell be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the use of the prisoner.-,; and on failure of distress, the offender to be committed to the itoufe of correction for three months, or till the penalty and all reasonable charges shall be paid.

Justices shall cause the conviction of any person offending u. against this act to be drawn up in this form;

Be it remembered, that on the ----- day of ----- in the

J ----- year of the reign tf his Majesty ----- -- A. B. is

mmieled before ---- of his Majesty's jtt/Uccs of the peace for the

fend--- by virtue of an act of parliament made in the 241/1 year

tf the reign of kit M/tjefy King George the third, entittded, An ti3 to enable jttf ice: of peace to build and repair gaols in their re-(ptBi-ve counties, of [here fee forth the offence, aiut the time when, and place where the same was committed]. Given Htler our hands andfcals, the day and year aferefud.

Form of mortgage, and charge upon the county rates for figuring sums borrowed, is at the end of the act, and needs not to be inserted here.

Hats.

pY this act, for granting duties on licences for vending ( I) hats by retail, from Oct. 1, 17S4, all retailers of hats / ;; nr: to take out a licence annually, and the duties of ;d. 5d.

P f f 2

403

3

4®4

Hats.

a4 G. 2.

c. 51.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

is. and as. according to the price of the hat, shall be undei the management of the commissioners of damps.

‘ The penalty for felling hats without a licence is 50I.

Every retailer of hats shall have the words, dealer in lau k retail, over the door of his house, oh pain of 40s. for eaci hat fold.

Any unlicenced person putting up those words, shall for. feit jol.

Stamped paper tickets are to be affixed to the lining of tit crown of the hats.

Any person felling a hat, liable to the duties, without; proper (lamp, shall forfeit iol.

Any person fraudulently tearing off, or affixing a Ihm; already used, shall forfeit 20I.

Any person counterfeiting the damp, to defraud his mi. jesty, shall suffer death as a felon.

Penalties filed for in six months shall be divided, half n the king, and half, with full costs of suit, to those who Hall inform and fuc for the same.

Any neighbouring judice may determine offences, when the penalties do hot exceed 20I.

Persons aggrieved by such determination may appeal lo tit next general quarter-sessions.

Persons summoned as witnesses, but neglecting to appear, without a reasonable excuse, diall forfeit 40s.

The judice may mitigate penalties to one moiety, over an; above all cods and charges.

Horses.

I'f'jO'. j. jT'B.OIW and after Sept 20, 17S4, every person, wholhai.

1 ' U. keep any horse, marc, or gelding for riding, or fti

drawing any coach, chaise, kc. liable to pay duty under lis management of the commissioners of excise, shall pay annualh

Id. I0S‘

And for every horse. Sec. previous to its being entered u

run for any plate, or sum of money, the further sum of w;

guineas; on a penalty, for neglect, of 20I. to be paid to tit

clerk of the course, or other person authorized to make tfc

-. entry.

Every dealer in horses within the cities of London sec

Wcdniinster, the bills of mortality, or the borough of Souih

wark, .shall take out a licence, and shall annually pay for il

iol.; if without those limits, 5I. Such duties are to lie us-

der the of of the stamp duties; who are appointed,

any two or more of them, to grant such licences; to be re-

Horses. 405

uni ten days at lead before the expiration of the year for which the preceding licence shall have been granted.

All persons licensed to deal in horses, shall have those words 3. MI s, legibly written on soir.e visible place in the front of their c. 31. hufc or ilables, &c. on a penalty of 5I. for neglecting to do it.

Every clerk of the course, or other person with whom any ^ running horse, &c. shall have been entered, shall, within 14 days, pay all monies received on such account to the dillribu-for of the damps in the county where the race was run, on pain of tool, for neglecting so to do, and also shall forfeit double the amount of the monies due on such account.

An allowance to be made of is. in the pound to such clerk jj of the course, &c.

No person shall be compelled to travel further than to the rest market town to make entry, or give fresh notice, or to pap such duties as aforesaid, which must be done within zo lavs after the expiration of tz calendar months, after giving the former notice.

Lifts of persons liable to pay duties on windows, with the u, number of their window's shall be delivered by the parish collators of window duties to the dillribtttors of damps, on a penalty, for neglect, of 5I.; the collectors to be paid zs. for every hundred names, and so in proportion for any less number.

The head distributeor shall demand the duty of any person ^ whole name is contained in fuclt lids, and who drall not have rtgiilered any horse. See. liable to the above duties.

This act shall not extend to the horses of soldiers, or non- /,/. tommissioned officers in any of his Majesty's regiments of ca-vilry, nor of Licensed dealers, kept for file and not for hire, for to any horses, Arc. let for travelling pod, or to hire for £ day, &c. by any Licensed post-maller, or innkeeper.

The damp officers shall affix on the church doors, within /,/. jo days after the payment of such duties, the names of the persons, and the number of the horses so paid for; and the times when the same were paid: and any person defacing I Inch lid, shall forfeit 40s.

I Where persons have more than one place of residence, a j duplicate of such entry, mentioning at the foot of it the time of the original entry, shall be delivered to the damp officer of Ac next market town, on pain (for neglect) of 40s.

The penalties to he divided, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccfi'ors, and the other, with full colls, to him who shall inform and fuc for the same.

Any judice redding near may hear and determine offences U. igaind this act; may summon the party accused, and also witnesses, on either side, and examine into the matter cf fast; ind on due proof, by confession of the party, or the oath of

one

406

2+ O. ‘i-jtjf.s c.31.

IJ.

IJ.

Horses. j

one or more credible witness orwitnelfes, may give judgmeni as the act directs, and levy penalties by did refs, if not other! wife paid, to be sold if not redeemed within six days, render^ ing the overplus, if any, to the party; or commit theofi fender, on failure of distress, for three months, or till the penalty shall be paid. 1

. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the next general quarter* sessions; who iluill finally hear and determine the same. 1 If any persons, who shall be summoned to appear as «it{ nesses, shall refute or neglect to appear, they Hull forfeit 40s. |

The justice may mitigate the penalties, where he shall Its cause, to one moiety, over and above all cods and charge:, f

Pawning.

»4 C. 3. frff. a. "HY this act, all disputes between persons pledging or r:i t. 4:. |J deeming goods, on which the sum lent was under 405!-

may be settled and determined by any judice of the li.nitj who is required to examine the parties on oath, and his cef termination 'shall be final. |

IJ, In all cases, where a duplicate of the entry made in the

pawnbroker's book shall have been given, the person prclenting it, and requiring the delivery of the goods, on satisfaction being made, shall be deemed the owner of the goods i| pledge.

U, Where a duplicate is Iod, the owner's property in the goodj

shall be proved to the (iitisfaction of feme neighbouring iii tice; and an affidavit shall, be made by such owner cf particular circttmstances attending the case, before such fct tice; who being satisfied, the persons or persons shall be l.| fered to redeem fetch goods. 1

U, Things pawned for any sum exceeding ins. and notes

cceding iol. may he sold at the expiration ol one year; ;*i the overplus shall be paid on demand to the owner: zndtsj fraud herein shall be punished with the forfeiture of treble tin value; to be levied by two justices, by diilrel's; beforeates such offences are to be tried, heard, and determined. ; IJ. Jn all matters concerning goods received in pawn, wfeii

justices are authorized to take cognizance thereof, it (hill h lawful for any justice, on the complaint of one ornicrcoe dible witness or witnesses, respecting any dispute betvui pawnbrokers and persons having pawned goods, or respectir.j any felony or other matter, which in the judgment of luti justice may make the production of any hook, duplicate or voucher ncccJTary, to summon such pawnbrokers to aK;1

407

Pawning.

rail the same, and to levy iol. on such persons refusing or itglefling to attend.

limy pawnbroker not writing this word, together with his or c. i-fif ' brciiriftian and surnames over the door, shall be liable to a 41. ftnalry of iol. to be recovered by distress, by warrant under lit hands and seals of two justices; one half to the informer, t'-.e other half to the poor of the pari 111 in which the offence ii committed : and in default of distress, the offender shall be namitted to the comity gaol, or house of correction, for any time not more than three months, nor less than 14 days, un-tess the penalty, with all reasonable costs and charges, shall is former paid.

No fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be taken by justices in U.

pursuance of this aft_____This act to be in force for one whole

star.

Postage.

BY this act, from Aug. 31, 17S4, whenever any foreign , letter or packet shall be received at any general poll-of- c. 37. ^ ice, if any person employed in the said office shall make oath ini he stil'pcfts it to contain goods prohibited to be imported, cribble to the payment of a duty on importation, it shall be Will for him to carry the said packet to any justice, or ether magistrate for the town or division, and in the presence effuch magistrate to cut with a penknife in and thro' the folds of Inch letter or packet, and its inclosure, one opening or fit not exceeding two inches in length; and if it shall appear to the said magistrate that such goods are contained therein.

It shall in the presence of the said officer immediately open lie said letter or packet, and destroy such goods; and in fuel) tile, the magistrate shall inclose fitch letter, &c. in a cover, rith an attcllation signed by him, containing the name of the officer who brought it, the time of its being brought, the foods contained therein, and also attesting that the same sere deftmyed by him: this letter, &c. to be forwarded to fit of of his Majesty's custonts, who shall reward the said officer with any sum not more than jl. nor less than is.

If no such goods as aforesaid are found therein, the ma- jj gillrate shall inclose the letter or packet in a cover, attesting that the said letter, &c. was opened in his presence, and shall deliver it sealed up to the officer, to be transmitted without delay to the person to whom it was directed, without any additional charge of postage.

Smuggling.

4°$

*4 O. i.fiff- c.47

U.

U.

u.

Smuggling. I

i

IF any veil'd shall be found; at anchor within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of t!it coast, unless by didrefs of weather, having on board an| brandy or other spirituous liquors in a cask containing Jtij than 60 gallons, except only for the use of Teamen, after the rate of two gallons for each, or having on board any wincin' calks, such ship being lei's than 60 tons burthen, or having on board 61b of tea, or 2oib. of coffee, or any prohibited goods, such vefl'cl with its cargo shall be forfeited. j

If any person after Oft. 1, 178-f, whether on (horc, or af fca, shall maliciously flioot at any ship belonging to his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the cultonis or excise, within the limits of any port, or within four leagues of the coast; orj shall maliciously flioot at, maim, or dangerously wound any1 officer of the navy, customs, or excise, in the execution of his duty, he shall suffer death as a felon. j

If any person be charged with an offence, made felony by this act, before one or more justices of the peace, or before 011c of the justices of King's-bench, if in England, or if in, Scotland, before one of the lords of justiciary, by the oath oh one or more credible person or persons, such justice or judge shall certify and return such information to one of the princi-j pal secretaries of (late, to be laid before his Majesty in coun, cil; who may order the offender to surrender himiclf within' 40 days to such judge, or justice, &c. who shall commit hiin without bail or mainprize to the county gaol: and if such ofJ lender ill a i i not surrender himiclf, he shall suffer death 2s1 a felon. !

Any person harbouring such offender, after the time appointed for the surrender, shall, if prosecuted within a year,1 and convicleu, be guilty of felony, and transported for feres years.

Any judge or justice may apprehend such offenders by the ordinary course of law; ami if they shall be taken and ft. cured, before the time appointed for their surrender ftiaii !) expired, no further proceeding fntdl be had on iheordcu! council, but they shall be brought to trial by due course ol law.

Any person obllructing officers of the navy, customs, or e«-cite, in the execution of their duty, by day or night, maple carried before a justice, who stir.il, if he fees cause, commit such person to the county gaol, then- 10 remain till the nest g.iol delivery, and until such person shall be delivered by da; course cf law : and on conviction, such offender shall be fee-tenced :u hard labour or the liver Thames, or other navi-

gable

Smuggling.

4°9

j»Jc river in England, for any term not exceeding three ir.rs; or lie may be ordered by such court to be committed' ioilic common gaol or house of correct.ion, for three years.

The jmiice may, if he thinks fit, proceed against persons ch^ged with obllrufting officers, if it shall appear that the deuce falls within the provisiens of !<j C-. 3. c. 69. accord-iij 10 that act, and commit such 0(Fenders to the county gssl, till the next quarter-sessions of the peace.

If .my persons shall, by virtue of this act, be nrrclted and 24 G. 3. {iff. ?, tint before any one of Itis Majesty's juliiccs of the peace, c. .j;. frsnv offence again!! this r.ft, deemed a ntifdemeanour, fii' h &il not be bailed, without entering into a recognizance for itfirappesravtcc with two sureties, themselves in 200I. and the aid furrties in tool. each.

All hoifes, boats, cattle, or carriages, used in removing rj. creon frying cullntn..ble goods, arc liable to forfeiture, :1jid the fsizures may be examined into, adjudged, and deter-tvird by and before any nvo neighbouring juliiccs of the Bate.

DV this act, all such officers, mariners, soldiers, and ma- I t f D rines, as have been employed in the King's service ftnee c. 6 .ijril 1, i;6y, and have not tince deserted, and also the nires and chiklrcn of such, arc authorized to let up and cx-ntiTe trades in any part of Gr.at-Britain; and shall not be Hiie to be removed from thence to their hill legal place of fcilcnient, until they become actually chargeable to the Kriili.

Any two or more julliccs may fumtnon such persons to sake oath of the piace of their laic legal iettlcment, and they a; required to obey fitch summons; an attelleJ copy of which iiid.ivit shall he delivered to the person making the same; tMch atteited copy shall at any time he admitted ns evidence elfach legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justicess, a: any general or quarter-fetiio s of the peace. A copy of sch atteited copy of the examination shall be left, if retired.

This act shall extend to all officers and soldiers drawn by U. idiot, and having personally served in the militia, or any of ft: (encible regiments, for three years from the (--id ,‘irii of April, and been honourably discharged.

I Tltis act shall not empower any one to fat up the trade of a y jdatner, or to fell wine or other if-uors within either of the iiivvriities, without licence from the vice-chancellor.

Starch

4io

Starch and Soap.

24 G. T}Y this act, from Sept. 20, 1784, no starch-maker flu]

c. 48. ' JJ ercfl, alter, enlarge, or make ufc of any place ft,

making,. drying, or keeping starch, or the materials fit making it, without giving notice at the office for the duty or llarch, next to the place where it shall be made: Every person neglecting or refusing to do this, shall forfeit for every such offence aool.

I<!" Any person knowingly affilling in making starch in-un-

' entered houses, shall forfeit 50I.

<!' The officers of excise, and all persons acting in their aid,

may flop, arrell, and detain such offender as above, and convey him to one or more justice or justices, who, on confcfa of the party, or on proof by, the oath of one or more credibii witness or witnesses, may convict the offender; and if the bid sum of 30I. be not immediately paid into the hands of the officer before the justice or justicess, lie or they shall commit the offender to the house of correction to hard labour for fin months, or till the said sum of 50I. be paid and discharged: And in case of a second offence, he, flic, or they shall for. feit 60I. or be committed for one year, or till the said fumol 60I. b; paid.

U. The outward door of every starch-house is to have the chris-

tian and surname of the maker,inferibedin letters three inches long, on pain of forfeiting tool.

hi. The ward Jlcrch shall be legibly marked,on every package

when any quantity exceeding 281b. shall be removed by land or by water, on pain of forfeiting, thereof, with the cattle and carriages, &c.

Id, Any dealer receiving more than 281b. of starch not marled

as aforesaid, shall forfeit 200I.

Id. Any Ilarch-maker obllrufting the officers for the dune,

upon starch, in executing their office, shall forfeit tool.

hb Soap officers may, by day or night (by the authority of tht

same aft) without waiting for the presence of a constabk m peace officer, be permitted, on requell, to enter any placei.i making soap, and take an account of the same, and of ;J materials far making it j and they shall remain in such plan or rlaccs, as long as they shall think fit.

JJ. No snap-maker shall have any conveyance from or to an;

Conner or nan, except one moveable pump, nor any cock e, hole, except for rite llcam, on the side or curb, i-c. of!,; boiler or copper, cu pain of forfeiting 500I.

J. The cover and furnace dour, ike. are to be kept locked !;.

cite officer, except when at work : Locks and keys are to bi provicLu by the fiirvcycra, Ac. at the expence of the make.-'

4ii

Starch and Soap.

And any person clandestinely opening any copper, pan, or itenlil, or damaging fitch fattening, shall forfeit.iool.

If any soap-makers shall obstruct the officers of excise, they Z4. c. a, stir. 2. toll forfeit 5ol. c. 4S.

Anyoflicer of excise may take an account, as often as he ^

Hall think proper, of all materials for making soap in the maker's possession.

Soap-makers to provide feales, Arc. and assist the officer in w weighing, &c. on penalty of 20I.

Makers of soap are to give proper notice to the officer be- ^ fore they charge their copper; i. e. 12 hours within the head office of excise in London; and in any other place 24 hours before the time of charging, on pain of forfeiting iool.

1V0 hard soap, after the commencement of this act, shall be ;j, fold hut in the (hape of cakes or bars, on penalty of iool.

All fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, U.

Stall be recovered and applied as other penalties recovered and levied by any laws of excise : One moiety to be paid to lis Majesty, and the other to him that shall inform, discover, orfuc for the same.

Windows.

OT'HOUGH in the execution of this act, a justice of the 1 peace as such is not concerned, yet it may not be amiss »point out a few particulars which may often come under his cognizance as a commissioner appointed to act under it.

By this act from Sept, ij, 17S4, all duties on tea shall [cff.z

tease; but a duty of izl. 10s. per cent, shall be paid for all c. ;S. lb delivered by the company to the purchasers thereof; to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be Ibid.

By this act also, from Oft. io, 17S4, the following addi- Ah anal duties shall be paid for all inhabited houses in Great Britain.

1. s d.

For every dwelling house hitherto rated at 3s.

060 060 080 o 10 6 013 o

0 ij 6

0180

1 1 0

1 5 0 Having

in future -----

Having 7 windows an addition of S ditto ----- ----- ----- ----- ---

9 ditto ----- ----- -

10 ditto

11 ditto -----

lz ditto -----

13 ditto -----

14 ditto' ----- -----

412

c. t. /:/?:

i

s3.

Windows.

Having 15 windows an addition of — _

l6 ditto ----- ----- ----- ---

17 ditto --

Iti ditto — —

19 ditto , _

20 ditto --

21 ditto 22 ditto

23 ditto — . —

24 ditto . — -

25 to 29 windows ditto

30 34 ditto

$5 1 39 ditto

44 ditto

45 — 49 ditto , .

5° 54 ditto.

55 59 ditto.

60 64 ditto -

(5S — 69 ditto —

70 — 74 ditto —

7$ V9 ditto _

80 — .84 ditto — .

Ss — 89 ditto

rp 94 ditto

55 — 99 ditto

100 — 109 ditto _ .

IIO 119 ditto.

120 129 ditto.

130 139 ditto.

l.j.0 - — I p9 ditto —

130 — 139 ditto

160 169 ditto —

lyo *79 ditto.

l.8o and 1 i!n.v:.rJs

I to 0,

1 ij 0;

2 0 0, 2 5 0!

2 10 0' .2 1) 0.

3 0 0;

3 5 0!

3 10 0)

3 >; o‘

4 0 0:

4 to oi

5 0 oi

5 to oi

6 0 oj

6 10 0 7°o,

7 to 0 S 0 0

8 to oj

9 0 oi 9 to 0

to 0 0 I'j to 0 tt 00!

12 0 0!

13 0 o'j

l4 " oi

1; 0 oi

16

0 0: 0 0;

>7

l8 0 c

Any person occupying more than two houfo, is lialdo toi pay on!) for ihofe two, which hare the greeted- number cf win-h-ws ; of which, if charged to any other, he Ihe.i! deliver in to the coibclor 2 declaration in writing; to be by him (If-li. ere ! over to the fer.-eyor of the diJiri'ci. Any personsns: paying fur fuclt two bottles, forfeits 50}.

A!! the above rates and duties are chit tVf: .

b-.tii f

charged in addition la harged by 6 G. 3. c. 3S. and 19 G'. 3. c. 59, being r granting duti", upon house. &c.

O

The ajieifraenis are to be made for railing theft duties Iks ct. to, 1704, to April 5, 1783, to be certified by the;.l!cf-

fors, and returned to the cntniniKiouers on or before Dec.;, jyh.j.. -And the surveyors shall certify their fur-: barges.« raising the said duties f-r the said two quarter.-; to the Ax coinmiliicners, cn or before Feb. co. ;yhj. And ai! appr.'lt

413

Windows.

(tall ana may be hoard and determined between March'6, ijjj, and April 4, 1735. And from and after the jilt day tt April, 1785, the duties shall be annually assessed for one' sMe ve;.r. '

'Ibe li.i-i duties fnal! be paid quarterly in England on the 24 fourtiltir.l quarterly days ot payment, viz, Jan, 6, April 5, jiiiy j, Oft, 10. The find to be on Jan. ;, 1785. In Scotian!, on or before March 25, and on or before Sept. 29.

Tlu- f.ti.l duties are to be charged on the occupier, not on jj lit landlord: and such as arc exempted front the afleal pay-mat of church and poor rates shall not be liable to this duty.

Tltc monies arising front this act are 10 be paid into lite Eschequer by the receiver-"' ncntl of the culcoms; and if there is any fiirpltts ill one quarter above 87,136!. 16s. 8d. ± it lh.it! be paid to the receiver-genera! of ex.ife.

Contmilhor.ers and a (to (Tors under fi rmer acts relating to 77. tV'tluu-'s on hottfes and windows, lltall be comii'.iflicners and tfclfors for executing this act, and lltall meet on or before 04.11, 17S; or if not then, they may meet and execute feast at any other time.

If no affefiors lltall be appointed, surveyors may do tliejr j.f. «ty; who twice a year are to tn5he a Surcharge cf liOufcs emitted or under; Surged.

Where houfiis arc let in different tenements, the landlord 76 frail be deemed the occupier.

Every chamber or apartment in the inns of court shall be 7.6 (Ajeft to ilicfc duties, as if it were an entire houie.

Ituufcs occupied by the Royal family, warchnufcs, hospi- 77. Ills, charity Ichottls, him lbs for the poor, except the apart-Bents occupied by the officers or house let-van ts thereof, arc exempt from the said duties.

No person is 10 gain a settlement by payments of these 7,7. tiles. '

ill houses dial! he deemed uninhabited, unlefit they shall 77. be inhabited by the owner, servants, or tenants.

Commissioners are not tc aft till they have taken the oaths 77. cf cilice, and of allegiance, on pain of forfeiting 200I. and in Scotland on penalty of sol. Kcr the afleii'ers' and com-ai'.oners' oath fee the act, left. 42, and 43.

The qu tlinca'ion of commissioners within the city of Lcn-con, St. Martin ie (ir.ittd, and tite city and liberty of \Yeft-ftindc-r, shall be aonol. at ienft.

Every person intending to appeal shall give ten day's no-lice to the aflbilors; and the determination of the comntiffiraers shall be final.

All conilnbles, headltoroughs, lythingmen, and other I'.i.t 77, Majesrv's officers shall be aiding and affixing in tite execution cf this act, and in executing fitch pr-eepts and w-:rr.t|t< as shall be directed to them by any three or more coraraiAoners.

Wool

Wool Combing in Suffolk

i

BY this act, which is almost a literal copy of an act of 17 G. 3. c. n. for Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Cheshire, the manufacturers of combing wool, &c. in the county of Suffolk are required to hold a general meeting on the second Tuefdayin Auguk after passing this act, at Stow-Market in the said county, notice being given in the papers, and there having chosen a chairman, shall appoint a committee of t; j persons; who are hereby authorized to nominate and recom-; mend two or more proper persons to be licensed by the jnf. j tices for the county of Suffolk at their quarter-sessions, to he' inspectors of worked yarn within the said county. And the] jukices are hereby empowered to license and appoint such persons of good character in the said county, as shall be recom- mended by the said committee, or any five of them.

The inspectors may be stationed, with proper fabrics,! where the committee, or any five of them, shall think proper,I and may be displaced, or difmilfed, as the said committee! shall think proper. !

The inspectors are to use diligence to bring offenders toj punishment, by lodging informations against such offenders,) before the proper justice or justices of the peace, and prose-i curing them to conviction. To this end, they may demand; entrance into the house or fiiop of any person employed »! put out wool to be spun within the said county of Sulfak; and any person refuting such admittance, shall forfeit act more than tol. nor less than jl. as such jaftice or justices Hull think proper.

If any person employed in combing wool, or in /pinning,: reeling, winding., or weaving worked yarn in the county of] Suffolk, shall be convicted before any one or more justice or] jukices for the said county, upon the oath of the owner oil the yarn or wool, or of the inspector or inspectors, or any cnej credible witnc'fs, of false reeling the said worked yarn, it,: such offender shall be subject'to the penalties of former afis,] so far as they are unrepealed, and the penalties shall be dif-' trihuted by the conkable in the presence and urider the di-! rection of the said inspector, amongk the poor of the parish where such offence was committed.

Any agent refilling to discover persons guilty of reeling false yarn, being lawfully convicted of such refusal before any jukice or jukices of the peace, shall forfeit 5s. for every pound so falsely reeled, that shall be found in his, her, or their cukotly. The goods of the husband (his wife so offending) shall be liable to dikrefs and sale.

Upon

Wool combing in Suffolk.

Upon the death or removal of inspectors, the justices in their fcBions for Suffolk may appoint others, with equal *+3®' powers.

If any inspector shall screen an offender from justice, it nay be lawful for a justice or justices to commit such infpcc-torto the house of correction, or other public prison, for the space of one month.

‘The justice or justices shall cause the conviction to be made j.>, cut in manner and form following:

Si it remembered, that ill the ----- day of ----- in the year of

nr Lord---- ji. B, is convicted before me [or us] — of his

ihjijly's justices of the peace for- [specifying the offence,

and the place, and that it was the first, second, or third offence against this act]. Given under my hand and J'cal [or ouv hands and foals] the day midyear aforesaid.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-fclnons.

-U rt..\ Jr A.

415

Precedents and Forms of Warrants, Summonses, Recognizances, and Informations,

No. i. A Summons of a Master on Complaint of an Apprentice.

) To the constable of 1 in the said county

CfH E S E are to require you on fight hereof to cauft - A. B, of your farish of personally to appear

before me, or same other of his majeslfs justices of the peace for the said county, to anfiver to fuel) things as shall be objected against him by C. D, his apprentice, for mifufing himt 6V. (as the case is.)

Given under my hand and feat this day of in the year

N. B. Ton are also to cause the said apprentice to appear before me at the same time, to make good his complaint.

No. 2. The same Form of SvMwottscf an Apprentic?-on Complaint of Ms Master, mucatis mutandis.

*A No, 3,

[ a 3

No. 3. Summons of the Master by two Jafiices,

The fume as No, 1. only pitting us for nie, anil our hands, b'c. for my band, be.

No, 4, Warrant from two Justices against c disorderly Apprentice.

The same as No. 1. changing the numbers only.

No. 5. Apprentices' Commitment by two Justices.

7 To the constable of in the faiil

> and to the keeper of the house of correction at J in the said

jnrrHERE/lS complaint hath been made before us

two of his majeslf s justices of the peace h: and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said That

apprentice to the said hath committed diver;

misdemeanors again]} him the said his mojltr;

and particularly

And whereas upon due examination thereof and upon hearing and duly confulering the allegations of both parties appearing before us for that purpose, he the fahl jlands cotmiSed before us of the said offence: We do therefore hereby command you the said confable, to take and convey the said to the said house of correction,

and to deliver him to the said keeper thereof, together with this our warrant: And we do hereby command you tin said keeper of the said house of correction, to receive the fail into your custody, in the said house of cor-

rtflion.

C Hi j

rcliion, there to remain and be com,tied, and held to hard I,dour for the Jpace of from the date hereof

Giueu under our hands and [cals the ' day of

in the year of our Lard one tboifind seven hundred and

r Not exceeding one calendar month.

No, 6. Apprentice's Difibarge by two Justices, if the apprentice ' Fee did not exceed £ 5. other-wifi by four justim at the leaf, 1 Ch

COMPLAINT having been made before us E. F. and ^ G. LI. two of his majesty's justices of the peace in and fir' the find by C, D. apprentice to A. B. of the parish of in the fetid of abuse and

ill-treatment from his wafer towards him the fetid apprentice, and particularly and the faitl A. B.

having appeared [or perhaps not having appeared] agreeably to our summons, but not having cleared himfilf of the said charge brought against him, IVe do hereby discharge bim the said C. D. from his apprentleeship with A. B. any thing contained in the indenture between them, or otherwise boivsoever, to the contrary notwilbjlanding. Given under our hands and feats this day of

No.' 7. Form of a Warrant for an Assault,

To the constable of

COMPLAINT having been made before me

one of his majesty's jnjiices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said that of

in the said did on the

rA 2

day

[ i* I

day of violently ajfaieh and beat b the said

at aforesaid, in the/aid

These are in his majesty's name to require you forthwith to apprehend the f'aid and to bring h before me to answer to the said complaint, and to be further dealt with according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 8. Voluntary Confession of a single Woman, before the Birth of a Ballard Child.

J A J) of the parijl) of in the said

Ut fugle woman, appeared voluntarily beforemt one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord And being examined

on oath, fl)e faith that Jhe is with child, and that the said child is likely to be born a bajlartl, and to be chargeable to the parish of aforesaid, and that C, D. of the

parish of in the county of is the father

of t he said bafard child.

Signed A. B.

Taken and signei the day and year abovewritten.

Before me

No. 9. Warrant for apprehending the reputed Father of a Bastard before its Birth.

1 To the constable of J in the said

jrjrUEREAS A.B. of in the said

Vr single woman, hath voluntarily made oath this day of before me one of his maj eft's

justices of the peace in and for the said that jet

is

[ v ]

it with child, and that the said child is likely to be born a bafiard, and to be chargeable to the of

in the said and that in the said

did beget the J'aid child on the body of her the said . And whereas one of the merfeers of the poor of the of

nfsrtsaid, in order to indemnify the said in the premisses, hath applied to me for this my warrant to apprehend the said 1 therefore hereby require you

immediately to apprehend the said and to bring

hint before me or feme other of his said majestys ju/liecs of the peace for the said either to enter into bond

with sufficient Jureties to indemnify the said parish, or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next general fejfms of the peace to be bohlen for the said there

to abide by what the court shall order, in pursuance of an o9 of 18 Eliz. concerning ba/lards. Given under my hand end. feat this day of in the year of our

Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. io. Examination of the Mother of a Bastard , after its Birth.

j A 7) of the parifl) of the said

£), single woman, being examinca on oath before me [or us if more than] one of his maje/iy's inflicts of the peace for the said this day of

in the year of our Lori faith, that on the day of now last pa ft, Jhe the said A. B.

u'as delivered of a bastard ctrdd, and that the said tbild is likely to become chargeable to^ the said parijl) of and that C. D. of of the said bastard child.

Taken and signed the day and year abovewritten.

Before me or us

did get her with child Signed *'* A. B.

'A 3

No. ii.

C Vi ]

No. ii. Warrant for apprehending the repaid Father of a Bastard after the Birth.

I To the constable of j in the said

JffTHEREJS A. B. of hi the said

fugle woman, hath declared on oath before me cm if his maj/fly's jiflices of the peace in and for the said that on the ' day of now last psjl,

fie was delivered at in the said of e

bastard child, and that the said bastard child ii likely to become chargeable to the said And whereas one of the overftm

of the poor of the said of

aforesaid, in order to indemnify the said in tin

premises, bail) applied to me for this my warrant, to of ] prebend the said I do therefore hereby rejuirt

you immediately to apprehend the said audit \

bring him before me or feme other of his majesty's justiia of the peace for the said cither to enter inti

bond, with fuffeient sureties, to indemnify the said pariji, or to enter into recognizance to appear at the next gcntrel fcjftom of the peace to be holdin for the said there to abide by what the court shall order, in pursuance t/ an aS of 18 Eliz. concerning bafiards. Given undents hand and feat this day of in the year t}

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No. 12. Form of a Recognizance in a Cafe of

Bastardy.

}J)E it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. S.

of the par if) of in this county, yeoman, cad

C. D. of the same, hufiandman, personally appeared befwi me one of the justices of our sovereign lord l«

king assigned to keep the peace within the said

and

I vii ]

and did acknowledge to awe to oar sovereign lord the ling as follows; viz. the fetid A. H. twenty pounds, and C. D. ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to he feeverally levied on their goods and chattels, lands and tenements for the use of our fetid fovcrcign lord the king, his heirs and fttcccffors; if the fetid C. D. shall make default in the performance of the condition here underwritten.

IVbertas of the parish of in the

[aid fugle woman, tsc. tSc, [here either tran-

scribe N° 8- if before the birth, or NQ io. if after, to the words bafard child: then add] The condition of this recognizance is fetch, that if the above hutulen C. D. shall per-Jhtally appear before his maje/ly's jufeiccs of the peace at the next general JejJions of the peace to be holder, for the feaid and there atijwer to all fitch things as

shall be objeBed against him, on account of the feaid now with child [or lately delivered] of a bastard child, begotten b)< him the said C. D. and shall there abide by what the court shall order, touching the premijfcs, and in the mean time shall be of the good behaviour ; then this recognizance shall be void, or else remain in fullforce.

Acknowledged before me

No, 13. A Mittimus of the reputed Father of a Bastard Child.

7 To the constable of and to the keeper

J of it! the said

TjfHRR E A S of the parish of

'' fugle woman hath appeared before me and declared upon oath that Jbe is with child (or was lately delivered) of a bajhtrd child; and upon her oath hath charged of the parish of in the said county,

with having begotten the said child, and also that the said bafard child is likely to become chargeable to the said parish of And whereas the fetid being now.

*A 4 per-

I v»i J

perfossaily present lefore me, by virtue of my warrant, issued for apprehending him the said either cannot, or

will not find sufficient sureties to indemnify the said parish of or enter into recognizance to appear at the next general sessions of the peace, and there abide by

what the court shall order, touching thepremiffes, in pursuance of the ail of 18 Elia, concerning bastardy,

These are therefore to require you the said constable of

on /igbt hereof to convey the said to the gaol aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be by him kept, until he shall find sufficient sureties, as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by due cottrfe of law. Given under my hand and seal this day of

No. 14. Warrant from the two next Jttfiices for the Mother, with a Summons for the refuted Father of a Bastard Child, to piake the Order of MamH-nance.

To the constable of

T TPON the complaint of the overseers of the poor of iht parish of in the county of and also upon the oath of of the said parish. single

woman, that Jhe hath been-lately delivered of a bqfiari

child, in the said parish, and that of the parish

of in the said county, is the father of the said

child, and that the said bafiard child is now living, and hidy to become chargeable to the said parish, before us two of his majestys justices of the peace in and for the said (musty, one whereof is of the quorum, and both of us residing in or next unto the limiis where ihe parish church of in the said county Jlandith

IVe the said justices do hereby command you to bring before us at in the said county, on the

day of at in the noon,

her the said to be further examined by us rsfptB-

ing

L *x J

iag the premises; and that you also give notice thereof unto him the said that he likewise may be there at

the same time to make his defence 5 that ive having examined the cause and circumstances thereof J may take such order therein as to right doth appertain : and what you shall do in the execution hereof, you shall make known to us at the time and place aforesaid. Given under our hands and seals this

No. 15. An Order for the Maintenance of a Bastard Child.

I (TtiE order of and two of

J his majesty's jtt/lices of the peace in and for the said county (1 Q.) and both reftding next to the limits where the parish church of in the said county fandeth, made

the day of in the year

upon the complaint of the overseers of the poor of the said parish of concerning a bafard child,

which was born of the body of single woman, in

the said parish of on the

day of now laf pajl; which said bafard child

is likely to be chargeable to the said parish of we the said justices having examined the said on her oath, and having duly considered the circumstances of the case, do hereby adjudge that of the parip of

labourer, is the father of the said hajlard child; and thereupon we do order as well for the maintenance of the said child, as for the relief of the said parish of that the said shall forthwith pay to the said over.

Jeers of the poor of the said par if), or to some or one of them the sum of for and towards the lying in of the said and the maintenance of the said bafard child

to the time of making this our order. And we do also hereby further order, that the said pall likewise say or cause to be paid to the said overseers and their successors, or to some or one of them, the sum of weekly and every

week from the present time towards the maintenance of the said bafard child, so long as the said bafard child shall be

[ X ]

chargeable to the J,aid pariflj of in case (he fbnll

not nurje and take care of the said child herftif Given under our hands and seals the day and year f if above written.

No. 16. Form of Commitment in general.

J To the constable of

j and to the keeper of in the said county.

WHEREAS is now before me

one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said comity, charged upon oath with (as the case may be.)

These are to require you the said constable in his said majesty's name, forthwith to convey and deliver into the custody of the keeper of the said. the body of

And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in the said

Herein fail you not. Given under tny hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord ons

thousand feroen hundred and

No. 17. An Award of Costs.

X the complaint of of the parish of

i in the said against ' of

in the aforesaid, for (as the case may

he) which said complaint was heard and the matter determined before me, on the day of

J one of his majesty's justices of the peace

in and for the aforesaid, in pwfiance of an

act made in the eighteenth year of his majesty Ring George

the

C ]

the Third, intituled, An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before jnfiices of the peace out of sessions, fee. &c. fee. do award the following ccjh to he paid by viz. the sum of

Given under my hand and fad this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. r8. Form of a Warrant to.dislrefs for

Costs.

I

To the constable of and to all other his

majesty's confta'oles in and for the said

YffH ERE AS I one of his majesty's

justices of the peace in and for the said m ptirfuance of an at! made in the eighteenth year of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for the payment of costs to parties, &c. &c. &c. did on the day of on the complaint of

against for (as the case may be) award the

following costs to be paid by viz. the sum of

And whereas the said hath neither paid, nor

given feenrityfor the same to my Jatisfaflion, These are therefore to command you, or same one or other of you, to levy the said Jttm of by dislrefs and fate of the

goods and chattels of the said And 1 do hereby

order and direct the said goods and chattels so dif rained to be sold ana disposed of within days, unless the said Jam of together with the reafmable charges

attending J'uch difrefs shall be paid within that time : And you are hereby required to certify to me what you shall have done by virtue of this my warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our

Lord

No. 19.

[ xii ]

No. 19. Form of Commitment for want of Distress for Costs.

? To the constable of

i and also to the keeper of the house of correction at in the said

TT/UEREAS in pursuance of an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions, &c. See. See. 1 one of his majesty's

justices of the peace in and for the said did issue

my warrant of distress and sale, dir efted.to the constable of ordering the said constable to levy the sum of of the goods and chattels of for the payment of the cojis awarded by me as therein is set forth: And whereas it appears to me by the return of constable of dated the day of that he hath made diligent search, but camiot find any goods and chattels of the said by disirefs

and fate whereof the said sum of may be levied

pursuant to the said warrant: Lhefe are therefore to command you the said constable of to apprehend the said and convey the said to the said house of correction: And these are also to command you the said keeper of the said house of correction, to reefive the said and there to keep to hard labour for the

space of from the date hereof, or until fuel)

sum of together with the expences attending the

commitment of the said to the said house of correction, be first paid, or until the said be dif-

charged by due course of law. Given under my hand and Jeal at the day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 20.

[ xiii ]

No. 20. Form of Examination of a Person accused.

5 CT'HE examination of of the parish

X ^ of in the faitl

of taken before me (or us, if more than) one of his majesty's jttjlices of the peace in and for the faiil the day of in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

The said Icing charged before with

faith. That

No. 21. Form of a Warrant on Suspicion of Felon?'.

To the constable of

FORASMUCH as of

in the county hath this day made informa-

tion and complaint upon oath, before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said,

that divers goods of him the said that is to say,

have been feloniously taken, and carried away from

in the aforesaid; and that he hath

iujl catife to fifpcfl and doth suspect, that late of in the did feloniously steal, take,

and carry away the Jarne: These are therefore in his majfly's name JlriStly to charge and to command you forthwith to apprehend him the said and to bring him before me,

or feme other of his majesty's justices of the peace for this county, to an fiver to the said information and complaint, and to be further dealt with as the law directs. Herein fail not. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

No 22.

{ xiv ]

No. 22. Form of Commitment for Felony,

J

To the con {table of and to the keeper of

-HEREAS

in the said

TTg-tlE RE AS is now b-ongbt before me

being one of his majcjlys jujiiccs assigned to keep the peace within the said and it doth appear

to me on the oath of that (as the caje may beJ

and that is jujily suspeSied of and the said felony,

These are therefore to charge and command you forthwith to

convey the said

to the goal aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof', who is hereby required to receive into his custody, and there to keep

until the next general goal delivery, or till he shall be thence discharged by due course of law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 23. Form of Recognizance to indict for

Felony.

1 nE it remembered that on the day of

J ^ in the year of our Lord 17 A. Id.

of the parish of in this perjanally appeared

before me, one of his majesty's jujiiccs assigned to keep the peace within the said and did acknowledge to owe

to our fivercign lord the king the suns of pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be levied on his goods anti chattels, lands and tenements, for the use of our said lord the king, his heirs and ftccessors, if he the said shall make default in the performance of the condition here uuderwt itlen.

The condition of this recognizance is fitch, that if the abcvc-boumhn shall per finally appear at the

next general to be holden at

in and for the said and there prefer a

[ XV ]

bill of indtilment against now or late of

for feloniously taking and carrying away (as the case may he) ai d Shalt then mid there give evidence concerning the same,'to the jurors who shalt esquire thereof on the part of our said lord the king: And to the jurors that shall be on the trial of the said in case the same

le found a true bill, and fall not depart without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwise to remain in full force.

Acknowledged before me

N. B. These recognizance?, as matters of record, are generally, but not always necell'arily on parchment. And the party bound mult be addressed by name, as acknowledged to be hereby indebted unto the king, kz. kz.

No. 24. Form of Recognizance to give Evidence in Case of Felony.

CT*I1 E same as No. 23. to the word [prefer] instead of which say, 'Then and there give evidence upon a Bill of indictment to be exhibited by of

to the grand jury against now or late of

for (as the case may be) And if the said bill shall be found a true hilt, that if the said fall there give evi-

dence to the jurors that fall be on the trial of the said upon the said bill of indictment, and fall not dipart without have of the court; Then this recognizance to be void, or else remain in full force.

Acknowledged before me

No. 25.

[ xvi ]

No. 25. Information dgamjl an unqualified Person for defraying Game.

JCT'H E information and complaint of of ' in the county of

made before me one of his majesty's justices cj

the peace in and for the fold the

day of in the year of our Lord one thousacd

seven hundred and

Who faith, fhat on the day of

in the year in the parish of

in the county aforesaid, of in

the county aforesaid did keep and use

to kill and destroy the game, he the said not being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do. Ani thereupon he the said prayeth that the said

may be summoned to answer the premijjes before me the justice aforesaid.

Before ms

No. 26. Summons of an unqualified Person for destroying Game.

) To the constable of

7rfHEREAS information and complaint have been made '' before me one of his majeslfs justices of the peace for the said that of

in the county aforesaid on the

day of now last pajl, at the parish of

in the county aforesaid, did keep and use to kill and destroy the game, he the said mi

being qualified by the laws of this realm so to do: ‘These are

therefore

[ Xvii ]

therefore to require you forthwith to summoil the Jaii

to appear before me at in the fold

on the day of

at the hour of in the noon,

(3 answer to the find information and complaint, and to be further dealt with according to law. And you are required to be then present to certify what you Jliall have done in the execution hereof. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand fovea

hundred anil

No. 27. WtrraHt to levy the Fine on an Unqualified Person, for destroying Game;

To the con liable of the in the said

of

TTfo HERE AS a)i information hath been laid before me one of his majesty' s justices of the peace in and for the sold by of that on the day of A. B. of your pdrijl) did keep

ond ufo in the parish oj aforesaid

to kill and destroy the game, he not being properly qualified fi to do; and whereas the said information is now proved on the oath of a credible wiiness to be true, whereby the fold hath forfeited the fan of five pounds.

These are therefore to authorize and require you, on fight hereof, to levy the fold Jum of five pounds by dislrefs and foie of the goods of the foid returning to him

the overplus, on demand, charges of dif.raining being first deduced; which money, When levied, you are to deliver half to the informer, and half to the overfoers of the parish in which the offence was committed: And what you do herein you are to certify to me. Given under my hand andfeal this day of in the year

No. 28.

[ xviii ]

No. 28. Warrant of Commitment of an unqualified Per foil, for defraying Game.

}To the constable of in the said

and to the keeper of the house of correction at in the said

JlfHERE A S of the parish of

is lawfully convicted before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace for this of killing or defraying the game, he not being lawfully full fed so to do ; and has been ordered by warrant to pay five pounds for his offence. And whereas the said hath not fuffeient difrefs whereon to levy the same, as appears on oath, These are therefore to require you, on fight hereof, to convey the said to the hottfe of correc-

tion aforesaid, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be I] him safely kept for the space of three months; this being for the first offence. Given ‘under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

N, B, For the second offence four months.

No. 29. Form of Warrant for good Behaviour,

J To the constables of in the said count}',

5 and to either of them.

Tfi 0 RASMUCH as of your said parish,

hath required /unties of good behaviour before me one of the justices of our Lord the king, assigned to keep the peace within the said county, against oj the said parish, and withal hath

. taken h corporal oath before me, that requireth the same not for any private malice, hatred, or evil will, but simply that is afraid that the said

will do forne bodily mischief, and that the said hath threatened to do feme

bodily

[ xix ]

bodily mischief to the said . or to burn

houses (as the case may be). Theft are. therefore in the name of our Lord the /ting, to charge and command you, that immediately upon fight hereof, you or one of you do bring the said before me, to find sufficient

Jureties, as well for his personal appearance at the next general quarter fejpons of the peace to be holden in and for the said county, as also that the said - Jhatl in

the mean time be of the good behaviour as well towards our said lord the king, as towards all his liege people, and rfpecially towards the said

Dated at in the said comity, the

day of in the year of the reign of our

said Lord George the Third, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, king, defender of the faith, and so forth,

No. 30. Form of Recognizance for good Behaviour.

a-HE same as in No. 23. to ihe words — to be holden in and for the said there to answer to fuel)

things as shall be objcBcd against him, and in the mean time shall be of the good behaviour towards his maje/lv and all his liege people, and not depart without leave of the court: then this recognizance to be void, or eije to remain in full force,

N. B, This is generally on parchment.

No. 31. The Form of Appointment of Surveyors of the Highways.

1 nl' virtue of an act of parliament in this eaje made, J ^ We, his mojejiy s ju/lices, aligned to keep the peace of our lord the king in the said county, at a special feljions

*B 2 V

[ XX ]

of the peace for the f aid bohlen at in

the aforesaid, the day of 0Sober, k

the year Do hereby nominate and appoint

of the of

in the said to be fttrveyor of the highways for the said for the year ensuing.

Given under our hands and seals the day and year above written.

No. 32. Complaint against Defaulters on the

Highways.

1 CJ^HE information anti complaint made this day lj J J- surveyor of the highways for the

of in the said IVho maketh oath before me one of his majesty's justices of the

peace in and for the said and faith, that

of aforesaid, was duly funwmui

by him the said surveyor to find and fend on the

day of for the amending the highways

in the said (one or more teams, as the caj:

may be.)

Beet that he the said not regarding the

summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf, did ntg-lt£i and make default, and did not find and fend on the find day of for the amending the said highways as aforesaid; contrary to the fatutes mailt " For the amendment and preservation of the highways whereby he hath incurred a penalty of ft

the said offence.

Taken and sworn the day of

Before me

No. 33.

[ xxl ]

No. 33. To

A Summons of a Defaulter on the

Highways.

r*0MPLAINT and information having been made ^ upon oath before me one of his majesty's

jtijlkes of the peace in and for the said by

surveyor of the highways for the of in the said

That you the said summoned by him the said the day of

highways in the said the case may be.)

were duly to find and fend on for the amending the (one or more teams, as

But that you the said not regarding the summons,

nor attending to your duty in that behalf did neglefi and make default, and did not find and fend

on the said day of for the amending

the said highways as aforesaid: These are therefore to require

you per finally to appear before at

in the said on the day of

at the hour of . in the noon, to anfiver to the said complaint and information made by the said

win is likewise required to be then and there present, to make good the same. ' Given under my hand and seal, this day of

No. 34. A Warrant of Distress for neglect of Duty on the Highways.

] To the constable of in the

J of

erHESE are in his majesty's name to command you to levy the sum of by distress on the goods

and chattels of of the parish of

'B 3 in.

[ xxii ].

in the said county, who is duly coitviSled this day of

before me one of his majesty's juf iccs

of the peace for the said county, upon the oath of a credible witness, for that he the said being duly summoned by the surveyor of the

highways for the parish of aforesaid, to find and

fend, on the day of (one or more, teams,

as the case may be) for the amendment of the highways in the said parish ; bui not regarding the summons, nor attending to his duty in this behalf, did negleli and make default, and did not find andfend on the said day of the said teams or men for the amendment of the said higlmays, by reason whereof the said sum of

is forfeited, which he hath refused to pay. And if within four days after /itch dislrefs, the said sum, with all reasonabtc charges of aijlraining, shall not be paid, yon an then to fell the said goods and chattels, ami having paid the said sum of and also the said charges, you are to

return the overplus, on demand, io him the said And if fuss dent dislrefs cannot be found, you are to certify the same to me, together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and seal this, &c.

No. 35. Information for Non-payment of an

Highway Assessment.

} 4-B.

surveyor of the highways for the parish of in the said county complaineth and maketh

oath, before me one of his majesfs justices of the peace for the said this day of

in the year of our Lord shat

of the parish of bath refused

and doth refuse to pay his assessment or proportion towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting

to the sum of the same having beat lawfully

demanded by him the said surveyor. And that he the said hath not paid the said sum of nor any part thereof j contrary to the Jlaiutcs mettle for tin amendment and preservation of the highways.

Sworn bef ore me the day and year above mentioned.

No. 36.

[ xxiii' ]

No. 36. Summons for not paying an Highway

Assessment.

To in the said

of the parish of

A n surveyor of the highways for the pat ish of

in the county of having

made complaint and information upon oath before me one of his majesifs justices of the peace in and for the said county, that you the said have refused and do

refnfc to pay to him the said fnrviyor your assessmetrt or proportion towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting to the fern of the same

having been lawfully demanded of you by him the said

and that you the said not regarding

your duty in this behalf, have negleBcd and do fill neglect to pay the said sum of or any part thereof, contrary

to the statutes for the amendment and preservation of the highways: These are therefore to require you personally to appear before at in the said county,

on the day of at

in the noon, to answer to the said

complaint and information made by the said who is likewise directed to be then and there present, to make good the same. Herein fail not. Given under my hand and-seal this day of in the year

No. 37. Form of a Warrant of Biflrefs in default of Payment towards an Highway Assessment.

To the con liable of in the said

in the paiifh-of

A. \

fore me

of the parish of in the said

having been duly convitled be-one of his majesifs juflicet of the peace '! ) 4 in

[ xxiv J

in and for the said for that be the fat A

doth refuse to pay, and both not yet paid his proportion or pjfejjment towards the repair of the highways within the said amounting to the Jttm of which sum hath been lawfully demanded of the said by surveyor of the highways for the said

These are in his majesty's name to command you to levy the said sum of by dislrefs of the goods and chattels

of the said And if within the jpace of four

days next after fitch dislrefs, the said sum, together-with the reasonable charges of d'jlrairiing shall not be paid, that then you fell the said goods and chattels; and having paid the said sum of to the said surveyor, for and towards the

repairing of the highways in the said out of the

money arising from such sale, that you return the overplus on demand to him the said And if fujfcicni

goods and chattels cannot be found whereon to levy the said sum of on Ihe said that then you certify

the same to me, together with this warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of

No. 38. Form of Commitment in Default of Distress for an Highway Assessment.

To the constable of and to the keeper of the iaid

in the fajej

in the

A 7? of the far if of fui* having on the

in the said

day of

in the year ' been convicted before

)i:e one of his majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said county, of having refused andjiill refusing to pay his proportion or ajjcjpnent towards repairing the highways within the said ' amounting to the sum of

Contrary to the statutes made " For the amendment and preservatien of the highways And it having

peen made appear to me on the oath of you t he said constable

" ..... '

[ xxv ]

of that you have used jour heji endeavours to

levy the said fiun on the goods and chattels of the said

at aforesaid, hut could not find

fuficient dislrefs whereon to levy the same:

*these are to command yon the fold constable of aforesaid, to apprehend the said and him safely

to convey to the in the said county, and there

deliver him to the keeper thereof, together with this precept. And I do hereby also command you the said keeper, to receive and keep in your custody the said till he shall have paid the said Jim of and the further film

of being the eejls and charges incurred by his

negletl in the premisses. For doing which this shall be your sufficient warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 39. An Information in general.

1 CJ^IiE information and complaint of $ in the parish of in the county aforesaid,

taken and made before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said county, this day of in the year

who on oath faith, That

Sworn before me

to be signed by the informant.

No. 40. Form of ConviSHon of felling by false Measures and Weights.

j D E it remembered, that A. B. of the parish of j in the said county cometh before me

one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for

[ xxvi ]

for the fald county, and moketh oath, that on the day of last pafl'didfell

not being agreeable to the standard measure or (weight) but less than the same, contrary to the statutes. I do therefore adjudge him the said guilty of the said

offence, and conviRtd thereof as the laws dir ell. Given under my band and seal this day of

in the year

--- m. . —

No. 41. Form of a Precept to the High Constable for ordering Lifts of Petjons to serve in the Militia to he returned.

^ To Gent, chief constable of

TJffP -d. B. and C, J). Esqrs. deputy lieutenants, and E. F. and G. H. two of his majeslfs justices of the peace in and for the said county, at our general meeting for that purpose assembled, do hereby require you to issue out your warrants to the fraeral petty constables within your

according to the form hereon indorsed, Given under our hands and seals this day of

in the year

N. B. The Form of the Warrant to be indorsed is in the possession of the clerk of the meetings, and needs not to be infected here.

No. 42. The High Constable's Notice to the Petty Constabhs of the Number of Men liable to serve in the Militia.

J Do hereby require you to give notice to the several persons within your conjlabhwick liable to serve in the militia of the said that men arc appointed

(by the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace for the said at their subdivifim meeting) to serve for the said

[ xxvii ]

said township; and that the next meeting for chujing the J,'aid men by lot to serve in the said militia will be balden at in in the said on the day of in the year

No. 43. The High CoitJlaMe's Warrant for the Persons ballotted to he jioorn and mailed in the Militia.

To the constable of

CT'HESE are to require you to give notice to

an inhabitant within your constablewick, chosett by lot, at the subdivision meeting-of the deputy lieutenants and jitfiices of the peace in and for the said to serve in the

militia of the said county, that he appear at the in in the said on the day of then and there to take

the oath required and to be inrolled to serve in the said militia-. as a private man for the space of three years, or to provide a fit per fin to serve as his substitute, who if approved shall take the said oath, and be inrolled as aforesaid.

This notice you are to give unto him, or leave the same at his place of abode, at leaf seven days before the said

day of And be you then there to certify

what you shall have done in the premises. Given under my hand this day of in the year of

cur Lord

No. 44.

[ xxviii ]

No. 44. Summons of a Militia-Man mgleflingto be f worn and inroiled.

^ To the constable of

/NFORMATION and complaint upon oath having ken made before me one of his majesty's jujllces

of the peace in and for the said that

late of in the aforesaid (not being

one of the people called quakers) hath been duly chosen by lot to serve as a private man in the militia of the said and that he hath had due notice to appear at the subdivision meeting of the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace in end for the said county, to take the oath required, and to be inrolled, or to provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, and that be the said hath negleSied to be sworn and

inrolled to serve in the said militia, and hath not provided any fit person to serve as his substitute j these are to require you forthwith to summon the said to appear lejore

me at the in in the said on the day of at the hour

of in the noon, to anfiwer to the said

complaint, and to Jhcw cause why the penalty of fio should not be levied on the goods and chattels of the said for the said offence. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 43. Warrant to levy fiio. by Bifirefs on a Militia-Man neglecting to be sworn and inrolled.

To the constable of

/f 7? of the parifi) of in the county aforesaid, not being one of the people called quaiers, having been convicted upon oath before me one of his

majestys justices of the peace in and for the said

for

[ xxix ]

for that be the said A. B. having been duly choseen by lot it serve as a private man in the ?nilitia of the said and after due notice given him having negleSled to appear, and to take the oath required, and to be inrolled to serve, or to provide a proper substitute, whereby he hath forfeit ed-ihe sum of ten pounds j These are in his majesty's name to command you to levy the said sum by dislrefs'of the goods and chattels of him the said And if within the space of

days next after fetch distress, the said sum, with all reasonable charges of distraining shall not be paid, that then you fell the fetid goods and chattels, and out of the money arifeng from fitch sale, that you pay the said sum of Impounds, to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the said or to fetch

perfeon as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the providing a substitute to serve for him; and for the other purposes dire Sled for the application thereof; rendering the overplus, if any fall be, on demand unto him the said deduc-

ing the reasonable charges of the said dislrefs: And if feuffi-cient dislrefs cannot be found, whereon to levy the said ten pounds, that then you certify the same to me, together with the return of this precept. Given under my hand and fetal this day of in the year of our

Lord

No. 46. Warrant to commit a Militia-Man, where £10 cannot he levied by Distress.

To the constable of of the common gaol at aforesaid.

and to the keeper in the county

qEE No. 45. to the word ten pounds: And whereas 1 did iffete my warrant to the constable of bearing

date the day of to levy the said

sum of ten pounds by dislrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the said And whereas it appears to me on the

oath of the said constable of that after his bcjl

endeavours to levy the said sum, the goods and chattels of the said are not feufficimt to answer the said dislrefs:

These

[ XXX ]

These are to command you the said constable of to apprehend the body of the said and him to convey

to the common goal at aforesaid, and there deliver him to the keeper thereof together with this precept. And I do hereby command you the said keeper of the common goal, to receive into your custody in the same common goal the said and him there safely to keep for the [pace

of And for so doing this shall be your faffluent

warrant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 47. Form of Warrant to distress for Quaker's Subfiitutes in the Militia.

1 We deputy lieutenants and

f justices of the peace for the said

J To the high constable of within the said and to the petty constable of

within the said and to each

and every of them.

A.B lateof

*- one o\

in the aforesaid,

one of the people called qttakers, having been chosen by lot to ferye in the militia of the said and after due notice having negleSled to appear and be inrolled to serve, or to provide a proper substitute;'And we the said deputy lieutenants and justices having upon as reasonable terms as might be, namely, far the sum of provided

and hired a ft person to serve in the said militia, as the fubfitute of him the said we require

you to levy the said sum of by dislrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of him the said and to pay the same unto for the use of

him the said substitute, render the overplus, if any, to him the said after deducting the charges of dislrefs and fate. Given under cur hands and seals this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 48.

[ xxxi 'j

No. 48. Form of Recognizance to indiP. for a Misdemeanor.

7 T) E it remembered-, ibat on the day of

J as in No. 23. mutatis mutandis.

No. 49. Form of Recognizance to answer for a Misdemeanor.

As in No. 23.

The condition of this recognizance is fetch, thett if the above bound shall personally appear at the next

general to be holdtn at in and for the fetid then and there to anfewcr to an

indictment to be preferred against him by for and not mpart without leave of the

court: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwisee to be of fullforce.

Acknowledged before me

u«nras-aiWOT.iB-,

No. 50, Form of Recognizance to give Evidence for a Misdemeanor.

As in No. 24.

The condition of this recognizance is feuch, that if the above bound shall perfeonal/y appear at the next

general quarter sessions of the peace to be holtlen at

in and for the /'aid and then and there

give fetch evidence as he Imiuclh, upon a bill of indictment to be exhibited by of to the

grand

[ xxxil ]

grandjury, aga'tnjl late of in the

Jiaid for and Jfsall not depart

without leave of the court: Then this recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of full force.

Acknowledged before me

No. 51. A Warrant to apprehend one for breaking the Peace.

To the constable of

WHEREAS complaint is made before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of

of in the said that

of the parish of is a person of common evil same,

(as the case is) and that the said . hath

reason to fear, and is actually afraid of receiving same bodily hurt from the said

These are therefore in his majesty's name, to command you, on fight hereof to bring the said . before me

(or feme other of his majesifs justices of the peace for the same ) to find fiiffcient sureties for

personal appearance at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be halden at in and for the said

and a'lfio for keeping the peace towards his majesty and all his liege people, and particularly towards the said complainant. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 52.

i xfcjciii ]

No. 52. Recognizance for keeping the Peace. The same as No. 23. in the first part.

The condition of this recognizance is such, that if

shall personally appear at the next general quarter [essions of the peace to he holden in and for the said to do and receive what shall then and there be enjoined him by the court, and in the mean time shall keep the peace towards otir said lord the king, and all his liege people, and particularly towards of

in the of and shall not depart without

leave of the court: 'Then this recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of fullforce.

No. 53. Commitment for want of Sureties to keep the Peace,

To the conthble of and to the keeper of

in the said

jyHEREJS

is now brought before mt one of his majesty's justices, assigned to keep the peace within the said And whereas

he being required to find sufficient fnreties with him in recognizance for his appearance at the next general quarter [essions of the peace for the said and in the tnean

time to keep the peace towards his majesty and all his liege people, is unable or unwilling to find such fnreties : Theft are to require you the said constable forthwith to convey the said to the goal or house of correction at

and also you the said keeper of to receive and safely to keep him the said untif

he jhatlfind[ufficient Juretics as aforesaid. Given under my hand and seal this day of 17

No. 54.

[ xxxiv ]

No. 54. A Warrant for the Appointment of Overseers of the Poor.

[ To and of the parish

1 of in the said

J/FAE ivbofe hands 'and feats are hereunto set, being his majesty's justices of the peace (1 Q.) for the said do hereby authorize and appoint you the said and being substantial house-

holders within the said parifi of to be overseers of your poor for the year ensuing.

N. B. With this appointment, a printed charge is given, which the overseers are, or ought to be, injoined frequently to peruse, and strictly to obey.

No. 55. A Warrant (after a Summons) against an Oversed', for not holding a monthly Meeting to enquire into the Stale of the Poor.

To the constable of

7Tf HERE AS one of the overseers of

'' the poor of the parifi of was summoned

to appear before us (two of his majesty's jufliees of the peace (1 Q.) in and for the said for neglecting is

hep his monthly meeting in your parifi church, on Sunday afternoon in every month, there to confulcr of some good ways and means for the relief of your poor-, and the said ever fur now appearing before us, we do, on examination of the said offence, adjudge the same to be true; he having no juji excujejor his neglect: you are therefore hereby required on Jigbt hereof to levy the fan of twenty fiiilings, to be di-Jlributed among the poor of your parish: and on his refusal

[ XXXV J

or ticglccl 1o pay you the f'aid twenty fiiliwgs within days, you are to levy the same by dislrefs and salt if the goods of the said returning him the

overplus: and what you shall do herein, you are to certify to us or one of us, within the ('pace of six days next after you levy the same. Hereof fail not. Given witter our hands and jeals this day of in the year

No. 56. Warrant of Difirefs far Non-payment of 6 Poor's Rate.

] To the churchwardens and otrerfeers of the poor of the

j parish of

JJfHEREdS complaint hath been made unto us ' and two oj his majesty's jufliceS

of the peace in and for the sold by you the said

churchwardens and ova seers of the poor, upon your oath, that the perfous here underwritten have reftifed after your demand to pay you their several proportions of a rate or affjjment lately made for the relief of you* poor, and whereas no fuss-tient casse hath been fmun Us, why the Jame should not be paid. These are to authorize and require you to make a present demand of the said sums of money of the persons charged therewith; which if they flail not pay within six days next after your demand, or flew ns fujfcient reason to the contrary, you are to levy the same by dislrefs and fate of their several goods, returning the overplus (after all reasonable charges are deducted J to the right owner thereof. Given under our bands and Jcals this day of

in the year

Ca

No, 57.

[ xxxvi ]

No. 57. Warrant to bring the Pauper it be examined.

1 To the constable of

f'OMPLAINT having been made before me ^ one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said by the churchwardens and overseers of the

poor of the par'tjh of in the aforesaid, that hath come to inhabit in the said having neither gained a legal settlcmeni

therein, nor produced any certificate owning to be

settled elsewhere, and that the said is likely U

become chargeable to the said These are therefore to require you to bring the said before me,

and fetch other of his majesty's justices of the peace as shall be present at in the said on the day of at

o'clock in the noon, then and there to be examined

concerning the place of last legal settlement, and to

be further dealt with according to law. Given under nrj hand and feat this day of in the

year

No. 58. Form of Examination of a Pauper before two Jufeices.

1 CT'HE examination of now rrfedent

5 in the panjh (or chapelry,

orprecitifl) of in the said county, who

on his oath Jailh, that he was born in the parish of

in the county of ; that he lived with

his parents who were legally settled in that parish till the act of years; [ that (here mufl be traced the particulars

of the pauper's life) either that] he was legally apprenticed to of the parish of by indenture ',

that he served his said master, who was lawfully settled, not

[ xxxvii ]

by certificate, in tbcsaid parish years; or, that hi

was lawfully hired to of the parish of

for a year, and performed the service of a full year, at wages for the year; or, that he rented an heuse

and lands to the amount of f io a year, in the parijls of

or, that be served an annual public office in the parish of or that he was afficffied to and paid

parochial or other taxes in the parish of that

he is a married man, has a wife named and

children, one named aged

years', another named aged years',

that since his marriage he hath neither rented JflO a year, nor served a parijls office, nor paid any taxes, or done any ether alt whereby a legal settlement might be gained.

Signed A, P, This examination was taken and sworn to before

this day of in the year

I. P.

N. B. A duplicate of this examination is to be kept.

No. 59. Form of a Pauper's Certificate«

) To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the J parifil of in the county of

TfffiP the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the 'r parij!) of in the county of

da hereby certify that we own and acknowledge that A. B, his wife and children (whose names and ages mufl be mentioned j are inhabitants legally settled in our parish of aforesaid. In witness whereof we have hereunto fit our

hands and feats, the the year of our Lord

Attested by

L.M.

N, 0.

day of

in

J Churchwardens,

G H 1

I, K \ ®verfcm of the Poor,

*c 3 m

[ xxxviii ]

We P. and R. S. two of his majeslfs justices of tht peace in and for the said county of do allow of the above written certificate. And we do aft certify, that I. K. or L. M. one of the witnesses who attejlcd the same, hath this day made oath before us the said justices, tfiat be the said I. K or L. M. did fee. the churchwardens ami overseers of the poor of the parifi of aforesaid,

whose names and seals are thereunto subscribed and Jet, /eve-rally sign and feat the same: and that the names of 1. K. ami L. M. who are the witnesses attejling the said certificate, arc respectively of their own proper hand writing. Given under our hands this day of

No. 60. A Warrant to remove a Family, of which a Duplicate is to be kept.

] To the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the $ parifi) of to execute, and to the church

3 wardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of to receive and observs.

IJT'REREjIS complaint is made unto us

two of his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the fin d f j ff ) by y ou the churchwardens or

overseers of the poor of the said parifi) of that

and his wife and, children art inhabiting in your fyid parifi), in order to gain a felt lenient therein, not bringing any certificate owning themselves settled, gild arc, likely to become chargeable to your parifi) of

And we the said justices having examined the said on his oath, touching the place of his lijl legal frttlement do. hereby adjudge, that the said and

his family are, or are likely to become chargeable to the said parifi) of and that the laji place of their lawful

settlenunt is not the parifi) of aforesaid: Theft

are therefore to require you the said churchwardens or over; seers of tfic poor of the said parifi) of . or Joins

of you forthwith to convey the said and

his w'tfe and their said children to the parifi) of aforesaid, and deliver them to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor thereof, or to either of them, together with this

order

[ xxxix ]

order or a true copy thereof: And you the said churchwardens and overseers are hereby required to receive and provide for them as the law directs. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

No. 61. An Information from a Pauper, with a Warrant of Summons and Order for Relief.

A n maketh oath that upon the el in the year

day of he asked for

relief of the overseers of the poor of the parish of

and that they refused te allow him any thing for his relief.

Sworn before me one of his majesty's ju//ices

of the peace in and for the said ihc day and

year aforesaid.

Signed

A Warrant of Summons confquent thereon. j To the overseers of the poor of the parish of'

CfHESE are to require yon on f.ghi of the above informa-tion to appear before me to flew cause, why you refused to allow the above A. B. any thing for his relief. Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

An Order for the Pauper's Relief.

To the overseers of the poor of the parish of

T one of his majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said having examined into the

complaint of the pauper A. B. against you the said overseers, for refusing him relief and finding the complaint to be rea-fenable and well founded-, do hereby order, that you shall weekly and every week, from and after the date hereof pay to the said A. B. the sum of so long as the cause of such relief continues. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

*C 4. No. 62.

I xl ]

No. 6a. Order of Removal of a Certificate Perfin,

To the Churchwardens, &c. isc. as No. 60.

IVhercas and his family (naming them) are ref-

dent in your said parish of by virtue of a certificate under the hands and feats of who were

churchwardens and overseers of the poor in the year

which certificate is attested by two sworn witnesses, and allowed by two justices of the peace; and that they an become actually chargeable to the said parish of

These are therefore, tsc, as in No. 6q.

No. 63. Form of a general Recognizance without Sureties.

J n of the parish of in the said

A*-' doth hereby acknowledge bmfelf to owe

to our sovereigtt lord the king, the fun of pounds

of lawful money of Great Britain.

Ori condition, that the above bounden A. B. do personally appear at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden at in the said " And there

to (as the case may be) and not depart without

leave of the court.

On performance-of which condition this recognizance shall be void, otherwise of full force.

Acknowledged before me this in the year of our Lord

day of

No.

C xli ]

No. 64. Form of a gmral Recognizance with Sureties.

J A n of the parish of in the said county

" doth hereby acknowledge himself

to owe to our lord the king /.

C. D, acknowledged) himself to ope f.

E. F. acknowledged) f.

On condition that the above bounden A, B. (Ac. as in No. 63.

Acknowledged before me

No. 65. Information of Fraud refolding Rent.

\ A T> of rf,e parijl) of SJ % that on

snaketh oath, the day of

about of the clock in the

he [aw C. D. of in the said

aid and afjijl E. F. in fraudulently conveying away his goods from

Sworn before us (being his majesty's justices of the peace in and for this county) on the day of

No. 66. A Warrant to summon the Offender for fifing in a Fraud refolding Rent.

To the petty constable of

WHEREAS we have received inforsnatkn on the oath of a credible witness, that on the day of

he Jaw C. D. of your parish. aid and assisi E. F. in fraudulently conveying away his goods (here to be named if known] to prevesit his landlord from

diframing

. C alii ]

distraining for his rent; These are' to charge and command you to cause the said C. D. personally to appear before us at the sign of in on the day of at of the clock in the noon, to Jliew cause why the penalty

of the ail of i ith of George II. should not be levied on him for his offence.

N. B. The penalty in this case is double the value of the goods so fraudulently conveyed away, being appraised by two sufficient persons upon oath.

No. 67. An Order to levy on the Offender's Goods, for afftfting in a Fraud respecting Rent.

j To the constable of the parish of '

jrrHEREAS C. D. is this day conviiled before us

'' and his maje/ly's justices of the

peace in and for the said of having aided and

afft/led E. F. of your said parish in fraudulently conveying away his goods to prevent the landlord of the said E. F. from distraining for his rent; for which offence we do hereby adjudge him to pay the fun of being double the

value of the said goods: These are therefore to authorize and require you to receive the said fan of

from him the said C. D. or in default of payment to levy the said fun by distress and fate of the goods of the said C. D. for the ttfe of the landlord of the said E. F, returning the overplus. Given under our hands and seals this day of

N. B. The value of the goods conveyed away must not exceed £50. and for want of distress, the party is to be committed for six months unless the sum be sooner paid.

No. 68.

[ xliii ]

No. 68. A Warrant to search after stolen Goods:

? To all petty constables, headboroughs, and others J within the and to every of them.

TprHEREAS of the par ip of

hath made oath before me one of Ms

majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that on the day of his dwelling

house was broken open (or as the case may be) and that the following goods, that is to say, have been

feloniously taken and carried away by feme person or per fans unknown; and that he the said hath probable

cause to suspetl, and doth suspell, that they are concealed in the of of the parish of

in the said These are therefore in his

majesty's name JlriSlly to charge and command you on fight hereof, with proper assistants to enter in the day time into the of the said and make diligent

search for the said goods: And if the same or any part thereof shall be there found, that you bring the goods so found, and also the body of the said in whose custody you

shallfo find them, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said to be proceeded against according to law. Given under my band and seal this day of in the year

Two Justiets, if the goods stolen and received be lead, iron, copper, brass, bell metal, or folder by 29 G. JJ.- c. 30.

No, 69. A Summons for Non-payment of Servant's Wages.

To the constable of

jrrtiEREAS complaint hath been made unto me

one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said by a covenanted servant

10 of your parish, that his said maficr hath

refused

[ xiiv ]

refused to pay him the sum.of being due to him

for wages, according to a covenant 'made between them: These are therefore to require you to cause the /aid

personally to appear before me to answer the said complaint, on the day of in the

noon, at in the said

and be you then and there present to certify what you shall have done in the premisses. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

m

No. 70. An Order for the Payment of a Servant's Wages,

J /^OMPLJINThaving been made unto me 5 ^ one of his majesifs justices of the peace in and for the said upon the oath of - of

in the said that he the said

having been hired by of your

parifi, to be a servant in the business of and having duly performed the said service, hath not been able to obtain from his said mafier the wages jujily due to him: And he the said mafier having been duly summoned id appear and to answer the said complaint, but not having fbcwn [or net having appeared to few] any just cause why the said wage; should not be paid: J do hereby, after a due examination of the truth of the said complaint, adjudge, determine, and order that he the said mafier do pay or cause to be paid, on due notice hereof, to the said the fu'm of

which appears to me to be jufi and reasonable to be paid by him the said to him the said as and for his wages as aforejaii.

Given under my hand and seal the day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 71.

C xlv ]

No. 71. Distress far Non-payment of a Servant's Wages.

To the constable of

jr/'HEREAS upon complaint being made to me

_ one of his majesty's ju/lices of the peace in and for the fold on the oath of of the

parish of in the said that he

having been hired by of your parish to serve him

in the business of and that he having duly performed the faitl fervise hath not been able to obtain from his said maser the wages justly due to him; And whereas upon due examination of the matter, I did on the

day of by writing under my hand

and seal determine and order that he the said should pay to him the said the sum of

which to me appeared to be jujl and reasonable to be paid him as and for his wages as aforesaid : And whereas it appears that after due notice of the said order, and due demand of the said sum of being made, neither the whole

nor any part thereof hath yet been paid: 1 hefe are therefore to command you to make dislrefs of the goods and chattels of the said And if within the Jpace of

days after fitch dislrefs, the said sum of with

all reasonable charges of dislrefs fall not be paid, that you do fell the said goods and chattels, and out of tbs produce of the fate, that you pay the said sum of unto him the

fflij returning the overplus, if any, on demand

to him the said all reasonable charges as afore-

J'aid being first deduced. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 72.

t xlvi ]

No. 72. Complaint of a Servant again]!- his Mafier for ill Usage.

3 A T> of the parifi of in the said

f -1'U* complaineth and maketh oath

before me one of his majesty's jnflices of the

peace in and for the said the

day of in the year That at

last, he was hired by of the pari]!)

of to be servant in the business of

and that he hath continued in the said service, and doth now continue therein; And that during the said service the said hath sniffed him the said and

particularly (as the caje may be) whereupon he the said

prayeth that justice may be dene in the premises.

This complaint tvas made on oath before me, the day and year abevcwritten.

No. 73. Summons of the Master for ill Treatment of his Servant.

) To the constable of

A p of the parish of in the said having ‘ complained upon oath before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that he the said having been

hired by of the parifi of to be

servant in the hufiness of and that during that

service he the said hath miffed the said

and particularly These are to require

you in his said majesty's name to summon the said to appear before me on the day of

at of the clock in the noon, to answer

to the said complaint. And be you then there to certify what you have done in the execution hereof. Given under my hand and seal this day of

No. 74.

[' xlvii ]

No. 74. Discharge of a Servant complaining of ill Usage.

\ COMPLAINT having been made before me J ^ one of his majesty's jujiiccs of the peace in and for the said on the oath of of

in the said a covenanted servant

to of in the said

That he the said having been duly hired by and having entered upon and continuing hitherto in the service and employment of the said and

during the said service having been misused by the said and particularly And the said having been duly summoned to

appear before me to answer to the said complaint, but having been not able to acquit himself of the charge, which hath been fully proved against him; I do hereby order, that he the said be discharged, and I do hereby discharge him from his said service and employment. Given tinder my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. 75. Master's Complaint against the Servants

) A J) of the parish of in the said

5 JJ. U. complaineth and maketh oath

before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace

in and for the said that of

in the aforesaid, servant in the business

of to him the said hath been guilty

of divers misdemeanors, in his said service towards him the said and particularly hath and thereupon he praycih ihatju/liee may be done

This complaint was made before me this day of in the year

No. 76.

[ xlviii ]

No. 7 6. Warrant to apprehend a disorderiy

Servant.

To the constable of

INFORMATION and complaint upon oath having kin made before me one of his majesty's jujtim

of the peace in and for the said by

of the parish of that oj the said

parish, servant to him the said in the business

df hath been guilty of divers misdemeanors in

his said service, towards him the said and particularly

These are therefore to command you forthwith to bring tin said ' before me, to atifwer to the said complaint,

and to be further dealt with according to law. Given under my hand and seal the day of in the

year of our Lord

No. 77. Commitment of a disorderiy Servant.

1 To the constable of in the said

f and to the keeper of the house of correction at

3 in the said

See No. 76. to the word particularly.

And I having duly examined the proofs and allegations of both the said parties, and on due consideration of the complaint, having adjudged and determined, that he the said hath been guilty of divers misdemeanors in his said service: These are to command you the said constable fortlrwith to convey the said to the said house of correction,

and deliver him to the keeper thereof, together with this warrant. And you the said keeper are hereby charged and commanded to receive the said into your custody,

and there to keep, detain, and hold him to bard labour for

[ xlix ]

the /pace of from the date hereof, for doing

which, this fail be your Jnjficient warrant. Given'under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 78. A Summons in'general.

To the constable of

CjfHESE are to require you on fight hereof to fiummon and f- eause personally to appear before me [or feme other, of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the fold j

at , in the said at o'clock

in the noon, to answer to fitch things as shall be objected against him by for [as

the case shall be;] And you are to be present at the said time and place to make the return of your due execution hereof. Given tender my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. 79. The Magistrate's Certificate of the Soldier's Inlifiing.

? Cr'HESE are to certify that of the age

J of years, born at in the

county of appeared this day before me

one of his wajefiy's justices of the peace for the find of and declared that onitbe

day of lafi pajl, he did voluntarily

inlist himself as a private soldier, to serve his nmje/Jy King George in his said majesty's regiment of

commanded by and that he doth

now freely consent to the same. These are therefore to certify, that he the said is duly inlisted as aforesaid;

cud that the second and sixth fictions of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were aljb read unto him before me this day, and that he hath also at the same time taken *D before

C 1 3

before me the oath mentioned in the fold articles; Giver, tender my hand at in the said of

this day of in

the year of our Lord

No. 80, A Warrant to provide Soldier's Carnages.

To the constable of

war, [or, as the case may be] is this day produced to me

one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said ; 1 do hereby require you to provide with able men to drive the same, within your constablewick, for carrying the arms, ammunition and baggage belonging to part of his said majesty's regiment of commanded by

on their march from in the said county,

to with which you are to appear at

aforesaid, preeifely at the hour of in the morning.

Herein fail not, as you will answer the contrary at your peril. Given under my hand and seal at in tlse

said county of the day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 81. Complaint for Non-payment of fmll

Tythes. 1

1 A D miniftar of the parifls of

J complainrtb before and

iivo of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said against of the same

parish, for fitbf 'railing, withdrawing, or failing in the true payment of the sum of for shall tythes, offerings,

oblations, obvenlions, compositions, or agreements for the same,

by

C ii 1

the day ef in the year

C. D. Vicar.

No. 82. Complaint against a Quaker far refttfal of Tythes.

} CfHE complaint of minisler of the p'arish

J of laid before and

two of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said against of the same parishy

being one of the people called quakers, for refusing to pay, or compound for the tythes and other rights, dues and payments belonging to the church of aforesaid: For which

he the said minisler prayeth for such redress, as the law will afford.

Signed this day of in the year

No. 83. A Simmons for Non-payment of small

Tythes.,

) To the coriftable of

Jjrl-IEREAS complaint in writing is made unto its

two of Ins mayfly s jttllkcs of the peace for the said by minisler of the said

parish against of your Itarish for fub/lraSing,

withdrawing, or failing in the true payment of the sum of tine to hint the said for small

tythes, offerings, oblations, b'c. within two years lajtpajl $ These are to require you to Jummoti the said personally to appear before us at the in

in the said at o'clock in the

noon to answer the said complaint. And be you *L) 2 there

[ Jii ]

there present to certify what you have done in the fremijfts. Herein fail not. Given under our hands and seals this day of in the year

No. 84. Summons for the Payment of Quaker's

Tythes.

CJ^HE same as No. 83. only inserting after the words your - parish (king one of the persons called quahers) and extending the complaint beyond small tythes and offerings, to tythes and other rights, dues and payments belonging to the church of

Not exceeding ten pounds.

No. 85. An Order for the Payment of small

Tythes.

To the constable of

TT/HEREAS of your parish hath been duly

summoned to appear this day before us (being

two of his majesifs justices of the peace for the fold and neither of us patrons of your parish church or chapel from whence the tithes do arise, nor any ways intcrejlcd therein) upon the complaint of minijier of your parish

against the said for fubJlraSting, withdrawing,

or failing in the true payment of the sum of for small tythes, offerings, oblations, obveutions, composition or agreement for the same; and on the appearance of the said before ns (or in default of appearance the ftmmons being duly proved) we having examined upon oath, the evidence produced before us, touching the said complaint, do adjudge that the same is true; and that there is justly due to the said the sum of for the small

tythes, Ac, as aforesaid: We do therefore hereby authorize

[ liii ]

and require you on fight hereof to demand the said sum of jrom him the said together with the sum if* fir cojis ml charger, which if he sholl refuse

or neglect to pay yon for ten days-, after fuel) demand, then you are forthwith to certify the same unto us. Given under our hands and seals this day of

in the year

Not exceeding ten fhiJlings,

N. B. This judgment mud be inroiled at the next quarter sessions.

No. 86. An Order for the Payment of Quaker's Tythes.

To the constable of

CfHE same as in No. 85. only inserting after the word parish in the first line (being one of the people called quahers) and extending the order to the payment of tythes and other rights, dues, and payments belonging to the church of aforesaid, and due to him the said

No. 87. A Warrant of Distress for small Tythes.

j To the cooftable of and to the church-

( wardens of the parish of in the said

j and to every of them.

JTfHERE AS upon our hearing and examining of a com-f ' plaint laid before us and (being two of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said

and neither of us patrons of the church or chapel) nor any ways interested in the tythes due to your church by minisler of your paris), against rf same portfl) for ftbjiracling, withdraw-

3 kg.

. [ l‘V ]

tng, or failing in the payment of the sum of for

/wall tythrs, offerings, (3 c. IVe did adjudge the same to be true, and did order you to demand the said sum of

together with mfoiiable cojls and charger, and the said

having, as it appears on oath, refused to pay yoH the sum of as aforesaid, within ten days after

demand; Thcfc are therefore to authorize and require you on fight hereof, to levy the Jum of for tythes

and cojls, as aforesaid, by difrejs of the goods of the said

And if the said sum of he not paid

within three days, together with the reasonable charges of di/tress, then you are to fell the same, and to return the over. plus to the party, reserving the said sum of and the reasonable charge of taking, keeping, and felling fuel, difrefs. Given under our hands and fcals this day of in the year

*N. B, This extends only to tythes under 4.0s. per annum, due within two years; and it the person shall inftft on a modus, and deliver the Tame in writing to the justices, and give security to pay costs, the justices shall forbear to proceed.

No. 88. Warrant to difrefs for Quaker's Tythes.

To the constable of

is the same with No. 87. except that (one of the people called quakers) is to be inserted; and, the sum to be levied is „ot in lien of small tythes, offerings, (Ac. but of lythes and other rights, dues and payments belonging to the Church of and due to him the said

N. B. This extends not beyond ten. pounds, as mentioned in No. 84.

No. 83,

[ Iv ]

No. 89. A Certif.cate from the JtiJHces in one County, to the JtiJHces in another respecting

Tythes.

JJ/'E whose names are underwritten two of his majeslfs justices of the fence for the fa'ul county, do hereby certify his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of that on the day of last fajt,

upon hearing and examining the complaint of of the parifi of against of the same parish, for fubflraSling, withdrawing, or failing in the payment of the fttm of being due to him for

tythes or agreements for the same, we did in writing under our hands and feats adjudge that the said fan of was jujl/y due to the said for the tythes as aforesaid, and made our order to levy the Janie, together with

for cojis; but the said removing before

the same could be Icviett on his goods; you are therefore authorized by the laws now in force to levy by your warrant the said sum of by dislrefs and fate of the goods

of the said together with the Jinn of

for costs: which sum when levied, the officers who shall levy the same, are to deliver to the complainant: after /ale made of the dislrefs, the officers are to deduct reasonalde charges to be allowed by you for taking and keeping the disirejs. Given under our hands and seals, the day of in the year

No. 90. A Precept from the JtiJHces to the High ConfiaMe to make a privy Search for Vagrants.

} To the high conlhblc of the hundred of

CT'HESE are to require you to issue out your warrant to alt *- petty eonjlahles asul tythingmen in your hundred, requiring them to make a general privy search within their pre-D 4 cinils.

[ Ivi ]

ciiiCls, in all suspected places, where rogues and vagabonds do usually resort; that such persons, being duly brought before us may be dealt vjith according to law. Given under our hands and seals the day of

in the year

On this precept, the high constable's warrant is founded.

No. gi. cThe Vagrant's Examination.

1 CJ^HE examination of a rogue and vaga-

J bond, taken on oath before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said

this day of in the year

oj our Lard

Who on h oath faith, that

Here are to be traced the particulars of his or her life, from the birth to the present time.

No. 92. A Warrant for the public Whipping of a

Vagrant.

7 To the constable of

'Y'QU are hereby authorized and commanded forthwith pub-licly to whip or cause to be whipped a rogue and vagabond this day found wanderitig and begging in the parish of in the said 1 not having any legal settlement there, and now brought before me one of his maj fly's justices of the peace in and for the said to be dealt with according to law:

After which whipping, you are to remove and convey the said according to the directions of the pass herewith delivered to you. Given under my hand, and seal this day of in the year

No. 93.

[ ivii 3

No. 93. The Commitment of a Vagrant.

1 To the constable of and to the keeper

[ of the house of correction at in

3 the said

Cf'HESE are to command you the said constable forthwith to carry a rogue and vagabond, this day

found wandering and begging in the parifl) of in the said not having any legal settlement

therein, and thereupon apprehended and brought before me

one of his majesty's justices of the peace in and for the said that he may be punished and dealt with

according to law. And you the said keeper are hereby commanded to receive the said into your custody in

the said house of correction, there to be safely kept to the next general quarter Jcffons of the peace for the said and have you then there, together with this precept.

Given under my hand and Jeal this day of

in the year

No. 94. 'The Form of a Vagrant Pass, 'within the same JurisdiRion.

To the constable of in the said

to receive and convey; and to the churchwardens, chapchvardens, or overseers of the poor of the

of in the said or either

J . of them, to receive and obey.

WHEREAS was apprehended in the parifj

of in the aforesaid, as

a rogue and vagabond, viz. (here name the species, or act of vagrancy)

And upon examination of the said taken before

me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said (which examination is here-

unto

[ lviii ]

mile annexed) it doth appear, that lawful fetllement it

These are therefore to require you the said constable, to convey the said in the next direct way to the said of within the [aid

and there to deliver h to same churchwarden, chapelwanlcn, or overseer of the poor of the same of to be provided for according to law. And

you the said churchwardens, chapelwardens, and truerfeers of the poor, are hereby required to receive the said person, and provide for h as aforesaid. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year of

our Lord-

N. B. Jf the settlement or birth is in a remote county, the vagrant may be sent to the house of correction be-. longing to the county in which he or flic was appre-. bended, to be conveyed from county to county.

No, 95. [he Form of a Vagrant Pass to Scotland,

T0 the constable of in the said

and alto to ail' constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to all constables and other officers within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whom it may concern, 10 receive and obey.

WHEREAS, as in No. 94, to the word settlement, r' is in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: These are therefore to require you the said constable oj

aforesaid, in the county of aforesaid,

to convey the said to the town of

in the comity of that being the first town in the

next prcanil through which he ought to pass, in the dircti way to Scotland, to which he is to be sent, and to deliver h to the confable or other officer offuel) first town in fitch next precinfl, together with this pass, and the duplicate of

tbs

[ iix ]

the examination of the said taking his receipt

for the same: And the said is to be thence convened on in like manner into the next adjoining Jhirc, Jieiv-artry, or place, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland aforesaid, and is there to be delivered to same constable or other officer of the next parish, dislritt, or place aforesaid, taking his receipt for the same: And such next officer in that part of Great Britain called Scotland aforesaid, is hereby required lo receive ihtfn'ul and give fuel) receipt

as aforesaid, and to dispose of h the said according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

N. B. This may properly be executed by fending the vagrant to the house of correction to be further conveyed from county to county.

No. 96. the Form of a Vagrant Pass to Ireland.

To the constable of in the said

and also to all constables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey; and to all other officers of the peace whom it may concern, to receive and obey.

WHEREAS, as in No. 94. lo the word settlement, of h the said is in the kingdom of Ireland : These are therefore to require you the said constable to convey the said to the town of

in the county of that being

the first town in the next precinS through tvbich he ought lo pass in the direil way to the said kingdom of Ireland, lo which he is to be font, and to deliver h to the constable or other officer of such first town in such next prccinB, together with this pass, and the duplicate of the examination of the said taking his receipt for the same. And

the said is to be thence conveyed on in like manner

until hcshall arrive in the county of and the

con-

[ lx J

constable or other officer to whom he shall he delivered In ill said county of is hereby required to apply to Jem

justice of the peace in and for the said county of for a warrant to the master of any ship or vessel bound for ih said kingdom of Ireland, that shall lie in the said county if to take on board the said ship or vejfficl h the said and convey h to such place in tk

said kingdom of Ireland, as fuel) ship or vessel fall be bond unto- Given under my hand andfeal this elaytj

in the year of our Lord

No. 97. An Order for the Constable's Charges in faffing a Vagrant.

} To the high constable of the hundred of

WHEREAS a rogue ‘and vagabond wot

'' by my order conveyed from the parish of in this (on foot or on horseback, or in a cart, at

the case is J to the parish of in the county if

being the nearest parijl) in the next county through which he ought to pajs towards the place of his birth, the distance of which is miles 5 / do order you to pay being the officer who conveyed him, the sum

of per mile for his conveyance, the said

having now produced a receipt under the hand of the parijl) officer to whom he delivered the said vagrant, and alfi making oath that it is a true receipt. Given under my hand and seal this day of . in the year of our Lord

No. 98.

[ Ixi ]

No. qS. An Order to the high Constable to pay 105. for apprehending a Vagabond.

To the high constable of the hundred of

CT'HESE are to authorize and require you within six days after demand thereof, to say to the sum

often fillings, being the reward appolntei'by an act of parliament of J3 George 11. for apprehending a vagabond named and bringing him before me one of his majesty s jufiiees of the peace in and for the said to be dealt with according to law; for which the said will give you his receipt, together with

this order. Given under my hand and feat this day of in the year of our Lord

Nl B. If the hiy.h constable has not money in his hands, the hearer mult be referred to the ucafurer or the county.

No. 99, A Warrant to levy 2or. on a Confable rcfufng to obey the Order, No. 98. 1

1 To all constables and other peace officers in the said J of

O'HESE are to authorize and require you, on fight hereof J- to levy the Jum of twenty fillings by djlrejs and fall of the goods of high emjtable oj the bundled

tf or pity constable of the parifi of

(if not otherwise paid) ]or his r effing to pay ics. to granted him by my order for apprehending a vagabond in the par if of which zos,

you are to say to the said Given under my

hand and seal the day of in the

year

No. too.

[ ixii 3

No. ioo. A Warrant.' 1

To the constable of

CTHESE are in his majesty's name to require you on fight A- hereof, lobring of your parish

before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace in

and for the said county, to anfiver to fitch things as shall be objected against him by for

Hereof fail not at your peril. Given under my hand and seal this day of in the year

No. loi. Form of Indorsing a Warrant.

V jpORJSMUCH as proof upon oath hath been made S before me one of his mqjejlys justices of the peace for the said of that the name

is of the hand writing of the jufiee of the' peace within mentioned; 1 do hereby authorize who bringeth to me this warrant, and alt other persons to whom the said warrant is directed to execute the same within the f id of Given tinder my hand

andfeat this day of in the year

No. 102. A search Warrant for stolen Wood.

To the constable of

Iff HERE AH complaint hath been this day made on oath before me one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said by of the parish

of that divers quantities of vjood, confijling of

within the space of six weeks last paf, have been cut, taken and carried away, off, and from his lands at

in

[ Ixiii ]

in the fnd and that he hath juji cause tofuf-

peff, and doth suspeR, that the said wood, or part thereof , is concealed in the hoitfes or other premises belonging to of the parish of in the said

These are to require you to enter into and search the said houses and other places belonging to fuel) hoitfes of the said at aforesaid; and

if on fueli search you shall there fnd any such wood, then you are to bring such person or persons in whose custody the same shall be found before me, or fane other of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said to be proceeded against

according to law. Given under my hand and seal at in the aforesaid, this day of in the year

No. 103. A Warrant to levy the Penalty for Jlolen Wood.

\ To the constable of

WHEREAS of your parish

' being brought before me one of his

majesty's jn/l'toes of the peace for this is law-

fully convii'ied by the oath of one witness of cutting, taking, and earring off wood belonging to of the parish

of and is unable to give any good account how

he came by the said wood: 1 do therefore hereby order, that he say the Jiiin of to the proprietor of the said wood, within days next after

notice given him hereof-, and over and above the said sum, the fan of for the uje of the poor oj the said parish.

Given under my hand and seal this day of

in the year

No. XO4,

Ten shillings.

[ lxiv ]

No. 104. A Warrant of Commitment for stealing

Wood.

I

To the constable of and to the keeper of the house of correction in the said

WHEREAS of the parish of

in the said was duly convicted

lefore me one of his tmjejlfs justices of the

peace in and for the said of having cut, taken

and carried away a certain quantity of wood, the property of of the parish of And

thereupon he was ordered to pay the sum of to the said as a satisfaction for damages, and also the sum of for the use of the poor; which

sums have not, after due notice of this my order, been paid-,

. 1 do therefore hereby require you the said constable of

to convey the said to the house of

correction aforesaid, and to deliver him to the keeper thereof with this warrant: And I do hereby command you the said keeper to receive him the said into your custody

in the said house of correction, and there to detain him for the space of from the date hereof. Herein fail not.

Given under my hand and seal at in the said this

in the year

day of

N. B. First offence, imprisonment, not exceeding a month, or a whipping. Second offence, hard labour for. a month. Third offence, punishment as an incorrigible rogue.

No. 105.

[ lxv ]

No. 105. Commitment (after a Summons) for aiding and affifiing in carrying off Wool.

To the constable of

in the said

and to the keeper of

WHEREAS it is proved on oath, before us his majesty's '' justices of the peace in and for this that of the parish of did

lately aid, affijl, or abet several persons in carrying off wool to be exported, contrary to law, and whereas the said

being funmioned, and now appearing before us, cannot alledge any thing to the contrary: These are therefore to require you, on fight hereof, to convey the said to the goal aforcfa'td, and deliver him to the keeper thereof, to be by him kept for three years without bail. Given under our hands and seals, this day of

in the year

FINIS

