THE

Statute at Large,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. Regis

Being the SIXTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVI. Part III

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno nono

GEORGII III.

Being the Sixth Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

---

Cap. 2. For punishing mutiny and desertion $ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4. For more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of certain acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of thfe poor, within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 5. For the improvement of Manchester Square, within the parish of Saint Marylebone, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 6. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

: A TABJUE of the STATUTES,

as'refate; to the repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Roxburgh*and for better regulating die Statute labour within the said county.

Cap. 8. For building a new shirehouse for the county tsx

£ji*.

Cap. 9. To repeal two acts, made in the twenty^fifth1 and entyifixth years of the reign of hit presentmajesty, forigrtint itig'rrhis Majesty certain duties on hops within Great Britain.*'

Cap. 10. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvied 'nf the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.: i Cap. ir. To, enabte Jfcfery Alfager* Margaret Alfager^ and 'Judith jflfisger* to firrish and complete a new church or chapef» lrt the parish of Barthotnley, in the county of Chester* and to e dow the same; and to establish a charity school within the fafrd parish; and veiling the right of presentation to the said church Or chapel in them, and the future lords and ladies of the manor of Alfager* withia the said county.

Cap. 11. For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, thatching, widening, and regulating the streets, lanes, alleys, and public passages, within the town of Whitby in the county of York \ for preventing incroachments, nuisances, and annoyirkfes therein j for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there $ 2nd fcr making convenient approaches to the bridge oytt the wrjfor Eft within the said town.

"f "Cap. rg. To suspend, for a limited time, the execution of on 'aft oafled in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act'far the better feeuring ihe rights of persons qualified to vote at county euc-

lions; and for indemnifying the persons required to carry the said ' aivlrtto execution, from the penalties they may have Incurred X ifi not executing all the provisions of the said act. '

Cap. 14. fr amending an act of the twenty. seventh yfeak of ' "hi!" present Majesty, ^/* rebuilding the church of the pari/hofs&nt Mary Wanstede, alias Wanftcad, in the county of Essex. 1 -; i i Cap. ic. For defraying the charge of the pay and clashing*of the mifitia, in that part of Great Britain called England j for V one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one Ihdbfknd seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 16. To enable his Majesty to authorise, in caselef northeast, ccffity^the importation of bread, flour, Indian corn and live "flock, " " from: any of the territories belonging to the united'(fates of America* into the province of Quebec and all the coon^tries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence and the Tfltfbdk r within the said gulf, and to the coast of Labrador.

Cap. 17. For repiring certain roads in the county tf p&tb;

and for explaining and amending an act, made in therwettty'fifth year of the reign of his present for repairing the / highways bridges and ferries in the county Of Perrh.

Cap. 18. For repealing art act made in the laftfeflton 6f parliament, entitled, An act for the better feeuring the rights of per' fens qualified tc vote at county tleflions*

A TABLE tf the STATUTES.

Cap. 19. For continuing an3, made in the twemjr seventh $wr: of the reign of his present majesty, (chap. 38.^ ii?rityled, 4n tbs ennmragement of the arts of designing and frinfing linens, cottons, calicoes, mufiins, by vesting the properties forty

in the designers^ printers, run/proprietors, for a limited time, f f Cap. 20. For repairing the roads in the county of forfarr % nd see repeating the Statute labour within the same.

Cap. 31. For altering the powers of anact, made in the thirty third ycarof the reign of his laiemajestykingg^r/e the Second 35-) fr treating piers and other wortsfor the security find tmprevenptu of the harbour of New Shoreham, in the county of Sussex, and for kespietg, the same in repair,

Cap. 2a. To aorepd and render effectual an a A of the thirty first year of Kusg George the Second, (chap. 18.) for draining and prefnrving certain fen lands and law grounds in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, mudenhall rivers, end bounded on the fcuto east by the bard lastdaef Lie ham, Fordbam, Soharn, and wieven; and for impow eringfbe governor, bailiffs and commonalty of tin company of confer voters f she great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, tofilkcer. tain lands wit him (be said limits, commonly called Inverted Land;

2lq4 for laying certain rater on vessels navigated upon the said^o^ards supporting the banks thereof,

Cap. 23. For enlarging the term and powers of several a<$ts, pasted in the eighth, and ninth ycarsof thercign of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, and seventhyears of the reign of George fh©i First, and in the twenty^sixth year of the feign of jhis.iate majesty King George the Second for. rebuilding^repairing, and amending the piers of Bridlington, alia Burlington, in the county of York. k V

Cap. 24. For rebuilding the market fioufeof the town of lianfyluny inthqcouoty of Montgomery, and for other purposes tliefeif>: qaentioopd, and defraying the e^pence thereof/by fcle of certain wade lands in the townships of Globwlcht and Bachau, in the said county.

Cap. 25. Xo iwprporate. certain perjops therein named, and their fsacceflors, by the name and style. of the Northumberland fisherj Society;, end to, enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a capital joint stock for more effectually supporting, con duelling, and iocreasing such fishery.

Cap. 26. Xo explain and amend an act made in the twenty fiftji year the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An at far granting to kis Majesty additional duties, sits hawker pedlars send j Pretty dppp men; and for regulating their trade.

Cap. 27. For paying, cleansing, lighting, improving and regulating. the Greets, Janes, and other public passage and and for repairing the highways, within the parjlh of t Saint Glemsxt in the town and port of tfl the coyftjy of

Suffix \ and for refnoviqg and preventing nuiftnees, aortoyarves, incroachmenrs, within tl^ said towi) and

port m s - r

a 3 -. C*J>. 28.

4 A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 28. For appropriating the sum of three thoqfaod pounds out of the unexhausted balance or surplus arising from Jthe forfeited estates in North Britain, to be applied by the highland society of Scotland at Edinburgh to pumick uses in that part of the kingdom.

Cap. 29. For providing a workhouse for the use of the parish of Highworth, in the county of Wilts \ and for appointing aft additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

Cap. 30. To amend and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of* Middlesex 5 for repairing and improving the gates and avenues hading to the said church; and for removing the present ivatch house, and providing another for the use of the said parish.

Cap. 31. For rebuilding the parish church of Saint Chady in the town of Shrewsbury and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and passages to the said church and cemetry.

Cap. 32. For embanking and draining certain fens and lowlands in the parishes of Notion and pot&rkanwcrtby in the county of Lincoln \ and in the parish of Branston, in the county of the city of Linfcln.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 34. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 35. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 36. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 37. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities.

Cap. 38. For opening a new street from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the city of London, and also a public passage from such new street towards Water Lane; and for slopping up or altering certain courts, alleys, or passages, and setting out others near tcf or communicating with such new street and passage.

Cap. 39. To explain, amend, and render more effectual several acts made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and "the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Loyney otherwise called Luney and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lanenfter\ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 40. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register. deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and for giving further time for those purposes 5 and to indeth oify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole adxniilions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly ilamped 5 and 10 give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications Co the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 41. For raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, to be attended with the benefit of survivorship, in classes.

Cap. 42. For applying the sum of one thousand pounds out of the unexhausted balance or surplus arising from the forfeited estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the bridge over the Bees or paji of Cockburnfpathy in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 43. For altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more common dibits, the harbours of the town of Greenock; for supplying the inhabitants with fresh and wkolefome water \ and for pavings cleans ingy lighting, and watching the jlreets-and aether public places within the said town.

Cap. 44. For paving the footways of the several street, publick passages, and places, within the town of Chelmsford, and hamlet of afoul/barriy in the parish of Chelmsford, in the county of Effort and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said town and hamlet j and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and incroachments therein.

Cap. 45. For amending and continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the lalhession of parliament, intituled An act for difiontinuingy for a limited timey the fveral duties payable in Schtland, upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the difillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of british made spirits from England to Scotland, and frvm Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Ma fofij* 44 10 eji/continue for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon Itly wines and Jpifits for home consumption 5 and for granting end securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for dise ontinuingfor a limited time ter tain impo/ls and duties upon rum end spirits imported frm the West Indies and to revive and continue the said fall mentioned act.

Cap. 46. For preventing the wilfully burning or destroying'

'4 ships.

A TABLE of the statute^!

and (he wilfully and maliciously^ikftn>ykig ny r#d»imf^ fwk, linen, orcotton goods, oranyini^menlents prepived fervour used in the manufacture thereof m that partof Great Britton ( called Scotland.

Cap. 47. For providing an additional burial ground^ftii^ tfce porish of Saintfomesy Westminster, ahd' erring a^h&pektfdjbin lug thereto, and also ahouse lor the remence ofa dtfgyman to officiate d burying the dead.: ^V

Cap. 48. For continuing the church of Saint Giles, ih tfce parish of pomtfrar % in the county of York the parish chufch 5 and for other purposes

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an a passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned.

Cap. 50. For granting to his Majesty several additional stamp duties on newspapers, advertisemems, and on cards and diet.

Cap. 51. For granting to his Majesty several additional stamp duties on probates of wills, letters of administratiott, and on receipts for legacies, or for any share of a perloftal eft we divided by force of the Statute of distributions.

Cap. 52. To give further powers to the commissioners for erecting certain lighthouses in the northern parts of grhh Britain.

Can. 53. For further encouraging and regulating tilt 2firo. foundlond, Greenland, and fouihern whale ftihcries.

Cap. 54. For further continuing an a made in the twtinfty thjrd year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, Ate ttfl for the more effectual encouragement of the manufacturei of flax akd cotton in Great Britain.

Cap. 55 To continue several laws therein mentfonedtrelative to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain to the encouragement of the filftc manufactures and for taking off several duties on merchandise exported and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the prohibiting the importation of bodtt reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed iiv Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made cloth, 'and charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought fiiks and velvets; to schfc'dmcoa tinuing the duties payable upon the importation of t#l)owv1iogs lard, and grease; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and (leel manufactured of this kingdom, and to prevent the (educing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the ascertaining the strength of Spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 56. For explaining and amending ah a, parted an the last session of parliament, intituled An act for reguldtingybe trade between the subjects of his majesty's colonies and plantations in North America

the STATUTES.

am!i&v di 1 ndia ijbnds, and thf countries belonging

telusmiedgfrajstwrica ani bctwctn his mqsfly's/aid Jab

tie West Indies.

Cap. 57. For further regulating the trade or business of pawn

ifcrolwrt^vjn V

Cap. 58. For better regulating and ascertaining the importa tia tad^rpo^tation of corn and grain; and ahb for better regelating the exportation of starch, and the importation of rape bod.

Cap. 59. For allow!ng the like drawback on teas, exported to the islands of Guernsey and strfty* and to Gibraltar y and otherpbct&ca the continent: of Europe, and to Africaas is now allowed oa teas exported to Inland or America.

Cap. 60. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of coffee, imported by the ea/i India company, in the ship Lard Camden > in the year one thousand Seven bundled and eighty six.

Cap. 61. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money oofcof the consolidated fond) and for applying a certain sum of mmey therein mentioned, for the Service of the year one thou itadkven hundred and eighty nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making iortbdv^eates.of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, 4?oc£ipte, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Cap. 62. For appointing of further to inquire into the lolles and services of all such persons who have Suffered properties, and prosessions, during the late un. happyduftmueraa to America in consequence of their loyalty to / hi a^a^cdy^.and attachment to the british government.

Cap. 63, To exempt all piece goods vfove in this kingdom, and which, ihotf< be sold by auction, from the duty imposed on stich Jhlttkt for exempting persons licensed to retail spirituous himoiwicroiva £ Uc payment of the duties imposed on Such licences, off, retailing such liquors before the expiration f«jf tbcitin^ tpf which Such licences shall be granted; and forwjg*9g persons who shall deal in brandy, not being retailers, j#<ti£iftrs, or, diddlefi, to take out licences for that purpose,; 64*; tolftud)prise iik lord high treasurer, or the com wittoners of the ue^fury, to appoint two of the commissioners of jthe4hiftofn* in England and one of the commissioners of the Scotland, cnquire into the annual amount of the; xoacluimwot9 of oisqpxrs oath customs, and other persons cm pl^vedi« % hgtrcv^i^,

tvq on»blevthe East india*company to ratfe money by iincre^sing their capital stock.

v<c4p<*£6». Tp caiuimie* for ai limited time, and amend anradl, made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An a toreguku, far eri&ud lime the imppiftg and carrying fixi in British v*ji: s from aba f Afjrjwu., f

V*6*.

A TABLE of the ST AT UT E S.

Cap. 67. For the more effectual execution of the law wm fpcfting gaols.

Cap. 68. For repealing the duties on tobacco and (huff and for granting new duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 69. For the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the highways, streets, lanes, and other pubmcl passages and places, within the town and Jihetty of Faverfimm in the county of Kent and also certain places near or adjom^| thereto; and for removing and preventing incroachments, ph structions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 70. For dividing and enclosing the open common fen and ings in the parish of Dunjion, in the county of Lincoln9mad for draining and improving certain parts thereof, and also certain enclosed lowlands in the said parish, and in the parish of Metheringham in the said county.

Cap. 71. For paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such streets and other public places within that pare of the parish of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex* which lies on the north and south (ides of the new road, leading from Paddington to ijlington* called Sommers Town and is now actually leased to Jacob Letoux esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereatter leased for the like purpose; and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein.

Cap. 72. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the borough of Andevor*. in the county of Southampton to or near Redbridge, in the parish of Milibrook* in tyre said county.

Cap. 73. For protecting and securing the hot baths nd springs, within the city of Bath, from injury by incroachments and annoyances; for enlarging or'rebuilding the present pomp rooms there; for widening certain streets, lanes, and public passages, and for making certain new streets and passages, to render the approaches to the said hot baths, springs, and pump rooms, more safe and commodious.

Cap. 74. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from oe from near to Cromford Bridge in the county of Derby to join and communicate with the Erewash) canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral cut from the said intended canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Phixton Milly in the said county.

Cap. 75. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the liberty of the city of Westminster 5 for repairing the highways, regulating the beadles, watch, and patrol; for paving, repairing, cle^nsing, lighting, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within several of the streets and other public passages and places within the said parish; and for other purposes relating to the said parish.

Cap. 76. For reviving certain powers granted by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for dividing and enclosing fuel of te open parts of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the talkd The Forest of Knaresborough, in the county of York, as He within the eleven constableries thereof; and for other purpofu therein mentioned;,) and by an act of the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign, for amending the said former act, and for making the said two acts more effcduaj.

Cap. 77. For continuing and making more effectual the acts of parliament, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the harbour of Southwoid, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 78. For dividing, enclosing, and draining, the open fields, rags, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of tveft Haddlefcy, Chapel Haddlefey^ and East Haddltfey, and Temple Hirff in the parish of Biriin, in the west riding of the county of York.',

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection, V

Cap. 79. For making and repairing the road from the city of Glasgow, in the county of Lanark, to Muirkirk in the county of Ayr, and from thence to the confines of the said county of Ayr, towards Sanquhar in the county of Dumfries \ and other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 80. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland nedr the sea, te the dtp ej Durham, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 81. For altering, raising, widening, repairing, and pre fvrving the road leading from the town of bishop Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the county of Durham, to the town of nor t: n near Stockton, in the said county.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of three acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of hi; Jate majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening CM Street Read in the parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shreditch, in the county of Middlesex; and also for repairing and keeping in repair the road leading from Worship Street to Crown iinet, along the cad side of Moorfields.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the terms of three acts, made in the second, seventeenth, and twenty-eighth years of his late ma jtfty, for repairing the roads from Coleshill, through the ciry of Uifield and the town of Stone, to the end of the county of hfferd, in the road leading towards Chester, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned, in the counties of Warwick Jnd Stafford, apd city and county of the city of Lichfield \ and hr making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads, and other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the ninth year of hrs present Majesty, for repairing and widening threads from the turnpike road at Golford Green, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to the turnpike road in the parish of sandvuirft, an from The Green near Benenden Church, to the bullinn^o Rovelden Cross, in the county of Kent. o'k: t

Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of an the seventh year of his present Majesty, frr repairing, vndammgg and keeping in repair, the road leading from the highroad brdduem Bromley and Fattiborough, in the county of Kent

in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge ns

Mafesfield, in the county ofsuflex.., C

Cap. 86. For repairing and widening the road fronn si town of Wakefield to the town of Abberford, in die west iidin^ oj thie county o!' York.' \>'^uuh.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from Gratamcy, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar^in the county of Dumfries. to the confines of the county of Ayry and the road from Garft* narget to Wanlotkbead, in the said county of Dumfries.

Cap. 88. For continuing and rendering more effectual. &ve tal acts for repairing the road from Hertfordbridge Riff t a it he town of Basingjhke, and also the road from Hertford bridge Uftl aforesaid to the town of Odibam, in the county, tif Southampton*and for extending the limits of the said lad mentionedixdad, from the presenttermination thereofin the said town oi Qaiham* to the mad leading from thence, through the'.fbid town to the great weftefcn road at Bartley Heath, in the said county.

Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road frotn qcfc ham in the county of Southampton^ to Farnham, in the^cowtoty of Stetrty.

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of an ak passed in ttre eighteenth year of the reign; of his present Majesty, far repairing and Widening the road from Stokenchurch, in itbr. titatty of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said bridge i*inflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the miuw»jyjtading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the mileway dtafivtg frnon Saint giles's church, mar the city of Oxford by i^ghsoke* New Wood (lock, in the said county and for making, Amending, completing, and keeping in repair, a^aroad Bool die bdttom of Chtynty Lane, up Hmdingtm hth, i tpo jqbi; the present Enfiow branch of road, in the parish the said county of Oxford to be nfed instead.of the present road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the Wist endof the tdwn of Wbcathy, and for amending and widening the road from the west end of the said town to the foulfrifiow branch of road.

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term and powers o£an al of, the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the county Stafford, in the pqfi roadto wards the tity of Chester, through Woor, in the county of Salop, to naatwich, in the county of Chester and from Nam which to tar porley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said county of Chester, to the said city of Chester together with a certain other

V*.road

4 TABLE of the STATUTES.

m.d. tfceteih tnentiooed, io far as relate to the first di drift of the hid roads.

Cap. 92. Forenlarging the term and powers of federal aftsf Bakin thememy sixth, twenty seventh, and thirtieth year therein of his (ate majesty King George the Second, Io far u nlitts to certain rood leading through the counties of

mkxeefratu -

Cap. 93. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading firom Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the hid bridge to Smithy Green, in the parish of in the

county of Chtfier; and for setting out and making new roads from Sandy Greenaforesaid, to join a branch from the Leek

turnpike road at Thatihmarch Bottom, in the parish of m, in the comity of Derby, and from the hr mentioned road to the Havontmh Mills.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of art act of the tenth year of his presentmajesty, for from the

Bridge a The Old Rivet er Barton, to Brandon bridge, in the aueyefsuffolk.

Cap. 95. For more effectually amending, and keeping in repur, feuml roads leading from the late market house in bridge, in the county of Wornfter; and for repealing certain ids of parliament, io for as. relates to the said roads, and for mendng (he road from Coolboum/ Brook, through Wollaston to Qmetbdi Field Comer, in the counties of Worcefitr and Stafford. Cap. 96. For more effectually repairing the roads from the tarn End, in: the; parish o i saintleonard to the fur

thenrioft pact, of the northern road, in ttik perish of Enfield; sad from the plaoe where the watch house in Edmonton formerly food, to the market place in Enfield, in the county of;

and far lighting, watching, and watering part thereof; and for repeating certain acts erf parliament relating to the said roads $ udfar amending, widening, and keeping in repair, tho>ioad famnaurngten Great'to Bnfie Hill, in the parish of Edmonton,

a the fridcounty.

Cap. yji For enlarging the term of, and amending, an act of it feirmibtyeah of his present Majesty, for repairing )gnd

itgtbe toad from Shaddon Got n, iiearcarlille, to the present

fikrttdxtil Muiaside, and from a plate in the said turnpike road, ktum Brafcy Mircs usd. North. Raw Gate, roddtt&luubeek^ bn theonaty Cumberland -

98. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the poweo, '3>fnwo afta, piled, in the fourteenth year of the idgrrcrf^hirlanr'majestyv apd the second year of the reign of jtis prefcftt and jellykibg George. the Third, so far, as the same relate tarcpai ring the roaif from Donrajltr, 'through the parish dpuifun{kkraic county of Xbrly, to saster's in the county

cf6fot/<r. 0

cap r^y. for enlarging the ter01 and powers of an act passed*the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, sir repairing and widening the road from T arpoi lay, the county

a palatine

A TABLE of the STATUTES. faktine ef Chester, to Adlon Bridge, near Weaverham, in same county.

Cap. 100. For continuing the term, and altering and enl; ing the powers of an pa (fed in the seventh year of reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the \ from the brick kilns on East Mailing Heath to the t % rnpikt root Penbury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wc near Mat field Green, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of an ak of eighth year or his present Majesty, for repairing and widening road from Bockland Dinham, to the end of the parish of Till bury; and also the road from Midfomer Norton, to the end ef parish Norton Saint Phillips; and also the road from Tudn Grave, to the read leading from Wei low to a place known by name of The Red Port in the county of Somerset; and amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from I mtrfdon, in the said county, to join the road from Buckland D ham aforesaid, in the street of Radstock, in the said county.

Cap. 102. Foramending, widening, and keeping in repa the road leading from the cross hands in Teddington Fiefi. the parish of Overbuy in the county of worcester % to the L don turnpike road, between Eversham and Perfbore % in the to county.

Cap. 103. For continuing the term, and varying the power of certain aefts of parliament, of the first, seventeenth, and thi tieth years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads Uadi from the borough of Eveftiam, and several other roads in the cou tics of Worcester and Gloucester.

Cap. 104. For more effectually repairing several roads lea ing from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford, and the ro; through the parish of Bromejberrow in the county of Gloucefie and Corse Laivny till it joins the road from Gloucester to Worcefh

Cap. 105. For enlarging the terms and powers of fercral zt of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth years of his Jate Majesty's reign, and of the fourth year of his present reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburg and for making the same more effectual.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of an a < the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Hatton, near the borough Warwick, through king's Norton, in the county of Worcester and to the upper cud of Gannow Green, in the parish ofbtom grove, and to the Bell Inn, in the parish of Bell Broughton, in // said county of Worcester; so far as relates to the road betwee the said turnpike road at Hatton and Hoikley Heath in tl county of Warwick.

Cap. 107. For amending, widening, turning, varying, altej ing, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling house in Bury now or late in the occupation of William Wallet gentleman, to Hoflmgden, and from thence to the east^nd C Salford Bridge, in Blackburn 5 and also the road from Hajlingit

A TABLE hf the STATUTES.

aforesaid to the ft end of Coekjhut Bridge, in the town of ifballey\ and also the road from Haflingdtn aforesaid, through Nnv Chorch end Be cup, to Todmorden $ and for making a road from the kid road between Bury and Haflingdtn, in the township of fvilnurjlty^ to the river Itwell, and for building a bridge over the bid river all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of three acts, pqfod io the third and twenty second yean of his late majesty King George the Second and in the ninth year of the reign of Ws present Majesty, for repotting the fe*oeral roads leading into the city of Hereford; and for amending the roads to Llaneloudy Hill and Langna Bridge, and also for making and keeping in repair the roads from the said city of Hertford to Hearwithy Possege, through the several townships or places therein mentioned.

Cap. 109. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of so much of an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the road from the city of York to the top of oswald hri Bank, and for discharging the trustees from the care of the roads from the said road in Sutton Field, through Creike, towards Oulftofty to the extent of the lordship of Craike, in the county of York.

Cap. 110. For repairing and widening the road from Each dole Lone End, in the village of Heywood, in the parish of Bus to place called The Loots End, in the parish of Preftvotib, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and two Moors or Commons called Upper Bradley Common and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act to enable Ralph Willis Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Vogel, and Henry Siffken.

5. An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet, and James Lewis Siordet.

6. An Act for the Naturalization of Lewis Pourtales.

7. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Fortick Sheridan Esquire with Lydia Fergussone, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open. Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Thrussington, otherwise Thurstanton, otherwise Trussington, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secretan, otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

12. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Hallet Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

13. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be vested in Trustees to be sold.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Wiswell Moor, in the Township of Wiswell, and Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Pulton, alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of Chickerill, alias West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Mechen Iscoed and Plas y Dinas, in the County of Montgomery.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingstoke, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Whatton, in the County of Nottingham.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures within the Township of Langcliffe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act to enable Charles Watkin John Buckworth Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Shakerley, pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackson.

24. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Demezy.

25. An Act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Louth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the Right Honourable George Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the said Vicar.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Honywood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fitzherbert Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unsold.

28. An Act to enable Richard Moland Esquire, natural Guardian of his Infant Daughters Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Moland, Latitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of one undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and Aston near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to lay out convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages, to the Buildings to be erected thereon.

29. An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Reverend Jonas Slaney and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym Hales Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Earl Tylney in London, Middlesex, and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

32. An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Foster, deceased.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Northey Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

34. An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, an Infant, at Boreham, in the County of Essex.

35. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickenson Esquire, deceased, and for applying two-thirds of the Money, agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, to be settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and for such other Purposes as in the said Act mentioned.

36. An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, one made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases; and for other Purposes.

37. An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contract with Jacob Bosanquet Esquire, for Sale of Part of his settled Estates, and vesting the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale.

38. An Act to enable Sir John Ingleby Baronet, to charge his settled Estates in the County of York in the Manner therein mentioned.

39. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commons Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham, Northwarnborough, Hillside, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts.

43. An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and several other Commons within the said Township.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanby next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and Watchfield, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks.

48. An Act to enable Arthur Annesley Roberts Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes.

50. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gemsa.

51. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Estate of Elizabeth Parson, deceased, Wife of John Parsons Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William John Arabin Esquire, with Henrietta Molyneux his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds and County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forests, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Osmaston next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Sinsin Moor.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester.

62. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron de Robeck.

63. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lecornu.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

67. An Act for vesting the Manor of Ashted, otherwise Great Ashted, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for investing Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

68. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Bons, Francis Blanchenay, and James Chauvet.

The End of the TABLE.

---

THE

Statutes at Large, C

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis,

nee Britannia, Francia,

vicesimo nono.

T parliament begun and held at Westminster,

the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign f our sovereign lord GEORGE the by the

race of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by several prorogations and adjournments, to the third day of February, 1789; being the sixth session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fufajects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the lame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United States.

13 Geo. 3. c. 39- U Geo. 3. c. 45- »3 Geo. 3. c. 39 so far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the United State of America, tnd 14 Geo. 3. c. 45. to continue in force till April 5, 1790. Sec. 2. Iron, hemp, sail cloth, and other articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported from this kingdom, if exported contrary to law, and goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by law, and also good imported from these State contrary to law, to be forfeited. Sec. 3. Forfeitures are to be recovered wad applied, as forfeitures respecting the revenue of customs. Sec. 4.

18 to continue in force till April 5.1790.

w tvuuuuc m rorve iui Apru 5.

Vfli. XXXVI R r

Vet. XXXVI

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 2. [1789.

CAP. II.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17, 448, including 1, 610 invalids.

Sec. 46. Loads of wagons increased to thirty hundred weight. Sec. 65. Soldiers debts, for which volunteers may be confined, enlarged to sol. This act to continue in Great Britain till March 25, 1790, in the iuaeds of Jersey, Guernsey, Aiderney, Sark or Man, ill May 1, Q, H Gibraltar and the king's other dominions beyond the feat\h March 1$, 1791. The King may grant a commission for holding court-martial, C court-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, C General court-martial not to consist of less than 13, (except within the garrison of Fort James, C and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniorlty, not under the degree of a captain; (except in the garrison of Fort James, C where they are to consist of five at least.) court-martial may administer oaths to witnessea. Officers to be sworn. judge's charge befprc oath. The oath. The judge actio case to be sworn. The oath. In Sentences of death, what ottmhtr f officers shall concur, C Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or for a term of year; but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he shall suffer death. The party tried entitled to a copy of the fenteocf and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, See. of court-martial ro he transmitted to the judge advocate general in London, See. Proceedings of courts, or entries, or copies thereof, not liable to lump doties. None to be tried a second time for the same offence, except in case of appeal. This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary proceeding!. Mutters to be made twice a year. Penalty on false certificates to excafe soldiers from musters. Penalty on officers making false qiuta, see. Commissary or mutter matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, see. on penalty of 50l. mutter rolls ts be signed by the mayor, C Penalty on persons ottering the raselves to be falsely muttered. Horses felfely muttered to be forfeited, C Forfeiture how to be levied. Officer embezzling, Sec. military ft ores, to be call dared, and forfeit iool and the damage to be made goodbye sale of h goods and chattel; for want of distress, the offender to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Mu ter matter, C taking a mutter, to make oath. The oath. Penalty on agents, C detaining officers or soldiers pay. ^yeckjy ratei. Penalty on agents disobeying of orders. Penalty on officers muttering persons by wrong names. Recital of the Petition of Right, 3 Car. 1, etc. Constables, etc. to quarter officers and men in inns, ^ehouses, etc. but in no distillers or shopkeepers houses, or in any private houses. Penalty on constables, etc. quartering foidietf in private houses, etc. Penalty on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this act, etc. Perfooi aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justice, tad be relieved. No justice having any military office to he coacetoed»w letting his soldiers. Officers and foldiecs to pay rates for their provisions. If innholders refute to furiulh the men quartered on them with meat, they shall allow them candles, final! beer etc. gratis. Penalty os taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Dragoons etc. and their horses to be biiletted in the same houses. Manner of chaog fog men and horses. Officers, mo, and barfe*, belonging to the horn pr dragoons, how to be quartered, etc. Dragoons, etc. quartered 00 persons to be have no stables, may be removed to those who Jiwve ftabta, etc. Clause relating to a soldier's settle meet for his wifoaodckiidrei. Officer, etc. to be quarteted in Scotland as the laws in foscc.attbe union direct. No pay matter, etc. to make deductions out afvfifrnoc private men's pay. Exception. Treasury may ittue out the; thoaey dae for clothing every two months. Paymaster to deduct the offieefonintf* Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fobfiftex>qe money; so ihrahtiku. tfotei of subsistence to be paid to fonkespera* etc for fowich qatrtm.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 2.

Penalty on officers not paying subsistence money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts, etc. No muflrr in Weitmin* fter, etc, but in the presence of two or more justices. confta'oles, etc. may bjflet soldiers in Westminster, etc. Petty constables, etc. to quarter soldiers in their respective divisions. Conftahlep, etc. to deliver lists at quarter sessions, on oath, of inhabitants, and folaiers quartered in their respective divisions; to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lists to be wrote by the clerk at id. per fbeet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lists Howto "be levied. mtifter rolls, 10 miles distant from l.ondpn, to be closed Svtthin 34 hours after the muster, and returned within frven days, to the 'comhafflary general of musters, etc. Penalty. Justices may order con 'afcwca to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing wagons to travel more than one day's journey, etc. Penalty on constables, etc. neglect. tyeafurer of the county to repay the confta ble's extraordinary charges. The money for that purposehow to bt raided. Tfo wagon, etc. to carry above 30 hundred Weight. Carriages in Scotland how tobeprovided. Soldiers wives, etc. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game, lfon commission officer embezzling soldier's pay, etc. to be reduced, 'etc: jufuceg may commit deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, etc. Penalty on officer breaking open any house without warrant. His Majesty empowered to make articles of war, and to constitute courts rmafrttal. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed tq be so punishable by this act, Offenders beyond sea, etc. may be tried here, etc. Persons acquitted, etc. by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by £ court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, etc. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, etc. Paymasters, etc. to account With executors. Persons sued may plead the general ihue. Treble costs. All suits to be brought in some of the courts of record at Westminster, or the court of session in Scotland. Penalties again an act 1 Geo. 1. where to be sued for. No volunteer liable to process unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of aol. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Soldiers, while confined for debt, not to receive piy Penalty on constable, etc. taking money to excuse any person from quartering; and on victuallers retufing to quarter soldiers. Justices may order constables to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered, etc. How the troops are to pay in parting over ferries in Scotland. Clafcfe for relief of persons hastily enlisting themselves. Persons refusing the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly enlisted. Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act. None liable to be tried, etc. for offences against former acts, which were committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial; unless he ha absented himself, etc. Officers, etc. of the trains of artillery subj ft to this act. American troops of British colonies, aftingin conjunction with British fotecs, liable to the same martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and bil letted as the British forces; and under the same regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond seas shall be relieved in order to return home, Itochof the men as shall choose may be enlisted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the enlisting certificate. In what cases this act shall extend to Jerfejr, Guernsey, etc. This act not to extend to the mi.itia farther than is directed by the militia laws: exception. As often as if shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may sit in 'confonftion upon court-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commission8. Officers of the king's forces, and officers in the Nt India company's service, may sit in conjunction at court-martial, etc.'Militia and fcncible men, when in actual service, to be regularly nfuftered, etc. Names of militia men, etc. who are within six months life expiration of their service, to be certified on the back of the muter roil. Form of con vision. Continuance of this act.

Rn CAP.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3 — 8. [1789.

CAP. III

An act for the regulation of bia majestjr'a marine force white on same.

Sec. it. Deserters beyond seato be tried, as if the offence had 1* committed within the realm.

CAP. IW

An act for more pjfedually carrying into execution the purposes of cer tarn acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

[Proviso.]

[Publick act.]

16 Geo. 3. c. 9. and3 Geo. 3. c. 49. recited. Ppwer to borrow 4000l. oh rates directed by 13 Geo. 3. Sec. % Money may be paid off by ballot or other wise, and notice to be given to the persons intituled, Sec. 3. No mortgage or alignment to affect money borrowed on former act. Sec. 4. Power to lay additional rates, in all is. 9d. Jief pound per ann. Appeal against the rates. Sec. 5. Money to anffc by the former acts and this act to be one joint fund.

CAP. VAN

act for the improvement of Manchester Square, within the pariftt of Saint marylebor.e, in the county of Middlesex.

Sec. 3. Women may vote by proxy. Sec 9. Rates 6d. per pound, relit pqr ann. Empty houses exempt, and owners to pay for ambafl^dort. Rates to commence June 14* 1789. Sec. 15. Trustees may wise tool, by annuities, or at legal interest. Sec. % 6. Appeals to trustees, and from them to quarter sessions, no Certiorari. Sec. a8. Not to affect other acts relative to St. Marylebone.

CAP. VI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fen ice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine. — at 4s. in the pound.

CAP. VII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the Statute labour within die Aid county

Ad 8 Geo. 3. C 60. continued for r years, with the tolls granted thereby, and converting the Statute labour to a competition. See. 41* ckigy men not taxable for glebes or schoolhoures, C Turnpikes may be crededj and veiled in trustoes, with the tolls.

CAP. VIII.

An an act for building a new Shire house for the county of Essex.

Sec. 1. Justices to authorise the purchase of messuages, buildings, and ground. To be conveyed to trustees. Sec. % Power to persons seized to sell the same. Sec. 4. On payment of money the estates to be veiled in trustees. Sec. 6. Old Shire house, dec. to be taken down, and new Shire house built. Sec. 7. Lady of the manor to give up the ground os which the present Shire house Hands, C Sec. 8. Preserving the right of dame Anne Mildmay, lady of the manor to the market. Sec. o. Justices may allot the lady of the manor a place for receiving tolls, &c. Sec. xo. No buildings to be erected b^wccn the new Shire house mid

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 9, to.'591

the street. Sec. n. Money to be raised for the purposes of this act 14, 000]. See. 1*. Manner of raiing it by rates. To be paid by landlords and tenants in equal moieties. See. 13. In places where the juf ticet for the county have no power, they may nevertheless a (certain the fhimqrtipqaof this rate; Sec. 14. and the magistrates of fijeh places thauaftefs and raise the money so ordered to be raised. Sec. 15. Application of the money, after building completed, the surplus to be applied as the county dock. Sec. 17. Accounts to be made up annually

Sec. ip. Person aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session. Sec. so.

liriaiution of actions to fix aionths. General lflne. % eble costs.

An act to nptal two acts, madt in the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of his reign of his present Majesty, lor granting to hi

Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made, in the twenty fifth year $/*

the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for grants Geo. 3. ing to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain: C 30. and and whereas another act was made, in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and 16 Geo. 3. amend in act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act C 9* recited ar granting to his Majesty certain duties on jbops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the duties granted by the said at and for granting other duties in lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the said acts Should be repealed: may it therefore prafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of April one thousand and from seven hundred and eighty nine, the several duties granted by the said recited acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid cept n c'afeb or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the pow relating to rc ers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regu covering ar lations established and prescribed by the said recited acts, for or [£.*" 0? toupc in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, Dairies incur recovering, levying and paying the said duties, and all penalties red on or be and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, orc that day. andt bp no longer put in execution; save only and except in all cafea. relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, and to the payment thereof into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of April anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

CAP. X

an a&jbr continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties V

rr?t

for the service of the year one thou nine.

ri

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. i i, 12. £178^ CAP. XI

An to enable Mary Alsager, Margaret Alsager, and Judith aha gft, to fir.iffi and complete a new church or chapel, in the pariftof Bart hom lay, in the county of Chester* and to endow the same; ahdto establish a charity school within the said parish; and vesting the right of presentation to the said church or chapel in them, and the future lords and ladies of the manor of Alsager, within the said county.

Right of common upon the fc; te of the new church, school, and the L rial ground extinguished. Power to incloife the church yard, and to erect sea's, etc. in the church. Sec. a. Mrs. Alfagers, and the fatue lords or ladies of the manor, to have the right of presentation, and to appoint warden, clerks, fextons, etc. and also a curate and eu«reb wardens and other officers. New church to be subject to the visitatioiiof the bishop of Chester. Sec 3. No new parish to be made, and parishioa ers, exempt from the repairs of the new church. Sec. 4 No bnrials under the church. Burial and christenings to be registered. Sec. $ Double We for churchinvre and burials; half of which to be accounted for to the w for, >: tc of Barthomley. Sec. 6. Seats allotted for Mrs. ajfagers, their tenants, the curate, he churchwardens, poor, etc. Sec. 7 Churchwardens to iet the pews, and to apply the rents to the repair of the church, etc. and to the payment of the salaries of the clerk, sexton, etc. and to pay the overplus to the trustees. Power to sue for relit of pews. Sec. 9. Rents "f pews to be entered in books, and accounted for annually Sec. 9Power for Mrs. Alfager* to inclose part of the common for the school, etc. Land enclosed, with the buildings thereon veiled in tnrf tccs. Sec. ti. Trustees to have the government of the school after fht death of Mis. Alfagers. Sec. IV Appointment for schoolmaster, by Mra. Alfage#, and the survivors. Sec. Curate of the new church to have a preference, etc. S C 14. An estate in Alfager verted in the.ou nifter as ihe endowment of the church. Sec. 15 In default of nomination the church to iapfe. Sec 16. Sums to paid to the bishop fdr ly noda at Easter, is. for procurations at triennial visitgtion*, 38.^ Sec. 17. Trustees, out of the rents of the enclosed land, to pay such of the expenses as th rents of the pews shall fall Short of Sec. j. Trustees ty enter they accounts in books; and annually account and pay the balance. Sec 19. Appointment of new trustees by the remaining trustees, to be an inhabitant and land owner, (except the curate and schoolmaster.) Powers of the af may be executed by three trustees. Sating the rights of the rc&or of Barthomley. General laving.

CAP. XII.

An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening and regulating the streets, lane, alleys, and public pastages, witton the to An of Whitby, in the county of York; for preventing iftcroicfc. ments, 'nuisances, and annoyances therein; for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there; and for making convenient approaches to the bridge over the river Esk, within the said town.

Art Geo. 3. c. 73. recited, and repealed, and this a to commence, fub.eft to a debt of 600l. jright of the lord of the manor referred, who is to pave and cleanse the marketplace: Trustees to regulate carriages,

waues of porters, lcavenjers, lighting and watching, and to mane avenues to the bridge; they may purchase lands within 10 years, or owner not obliged to sell, and may sell furplfc* ground; h duty«per chaliron, laid on coals at Whitby, and the same to ay be varied an 1 leficned; but the duty on coals uifed in the allow worfcvtobe drawn bick; and the trustees may borrow money, on annuities, and assign the rates and duties. Appeals to frifions, no Certiorari, a ad in bitants may be witnesses.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13, 14. 593

CAP. XIII.

ufxe off II fufptni, for a ftmited time, the execution of an act pojfei. M session f Parliaments entitled, An act for the better

securing the rights of persons qualified to vote at county elections; and for indemnifying the persons required to carry the '

bid eft into exetflitto, from the penalties they may have incur red in not exec uting the provisions of the said act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliaments

(intitaleds An act for the better securing the rights of »8 Geo. 3. persons qualified to vote at county elections:,) and whereas it is C 36* recited,

expedient to suspend the execution of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad

vtcfe dnd content of the lords spiritudj and temporal, and cotft 1tfbfts, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the further operation and execution of andsuspended the said act, made in the last feffiort of parliament, shall be, and until April 5, the &vfte asse hereby fbfpended, and shall be suspended until the x79°* fifth day of Aprils which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred land ninety 3 and that every act, matter, or thing, directed by the said act to be done or performed, or td commence oh any' day or any month, in any year, shall re fftediifcly be clone or performed, or commence, on the like day of the same month on the year next following, unless other provisions shall be made respecting the said act during this present session of parliament.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and de All persons dared by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and indemnified fuerfofts who are required to carry the said act into execution, o^fttecuo do jand who shall have omitted or neglected in any wise to exe an thing re cute, do, or perform, any ad, matter, or thing, directed Or required by the quireq to be done or, executed by the said recited act, shall be, recited act. tmlthty are hereby respectively indemnified frofo and against all persecutions, penalties, and forfeitures to which such person t>r perfods may be liable, by the said act inflicted for any ad, matter, ot thing by them, or any of them, neglected or omitted to be done or executed in obedience or in conformity to the said recited act.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act This act not

Contained hall extend to prevent the passing, during the present to£rev^nt the session of parliament, of any act or acts whereby this act, or that the prefect aid recited act, may be amended or repealed. session any

act to repeal

CAP. XIV or amend it

An act for amending an act of the twenty fetenth year of his pre rc^tc<*

seat Majestjr, ^for rebuilding the church of the_parish of Saint a

Mary Wanstede, alias Wanftcad, in the county of Essex

[Public act.]

Geo. 3. £. 63. redted. Power to raite 5.000b by loan or granting annuities. Power to sell a certain number of the vaults under the church. Rights of the rector saved. Expenses of this act to be paid out of money in trulucs hands.

Rr CAP.

[Preamble.]

28 Geo. 3. c. 6. recited.

The King, by

order in council. may; oi horrt'c the in' put ting in

0 Qnrh, C

1 fl >ur,

live Mock, and Inman corn.

Anno vicesimo; ppno^geqrgl^ih., £, A!

V CAP.'.

Art Tor defraying Hie charge of the

A irt that part of Gwit Bn fain called euk^uu, w uuc tithe tweaty ftfth day of March one thousand (Wenhandml ameraty^ ', nine

Sec. i. No militia man, enrolled prior to Nov. f9 IX ed to join, unless hit regiment called out into actual service, sec.*in?>'

No man enrolled only for 3 years, of whom tib attendance rt^ufred, lo be entitled to pay or clothing. Sec. so. If any tegimeat* etc. M' eeafe during this act, $*. a day ito be paid to the adfutaal godd from such time to March aj, 1790.

Y. V: httin J usj

A V '.'in n brj/cl^.n

m dotfrinj

CAP. XVI.

An act to enable his Majesty to author ift, in case of ntcejsky, the importation of breads flour, Indian corn, and Itve flock, from any of the territories, belonging to the United States of Amenta, into the provinte of Quebec, and all the countries bordering on the ' gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the islands within the said g*if, mid to the coajl of Labrador.:

WHEREAS by an ail passed in the twenty-eighth year of r \ of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regelating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's colonies V and plantations in North America, and in the West-india Islands, and the countries belonging to the United States of America and between his majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands ra the ivejl Indies; rt is amongst other things enacted, That no goods or commodities whatever jhau be imported from any of the territories belonging to the United States of America, by fed, or C oaf wise, into the province of Quebec, or into the countries or iflanis within the government thereof, or up the river Saint Lawrence, from thefea^, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with tbf jhij or, vessel importing the same, and all her guns, furniture, ammumtim, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it may be expedient, far, thebeutr supply of the persons employed in the fisheries carried on, as well within the said province, as in all the countries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and on the islands within the said gulf, an&dfp, on the coast of Labrador, that certain sorts of provision Jbiuid be m ported into the same from the territories belonging to the said tjnhei States, when the necessttiesj of such persons fbafl so require be lt ' therefore enabled by the king's most excellent majrityr ibyttfld* ( with the acjviqe and content of the lords spirimal and tempera > commons, in this present parliament aficmbded^ nid by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawfulfor1^ ' his Majesty in council, by order or orders to be issued and pab*liflied, from time to time, to authorhe, in case of necessity^ d bringing or importing of bread, flour, Indian corn, and liveftodt* as well into the said province, as into all the countries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and into the iflaods whhm the said gulf, and also to the Coast of Labrador, for the then ta suing season only, from any of the territories belonging to et*r -

said

7 Anno vicesimor kono^eokbri If? C 17, 18. 595

id United States of America for the supply of the persons m ployed in carrying on the said fishefiesr provided always provided they wft^riad, Bout f Indiancorn, and lwe dock so author* imported t brought, shall not be importedt^htrfer. roclgnt* except in conformity to such rules regulations andbybritish rstrictions as shall be specified in such order or orders and ex subject? In cp9ibf &rtfyt> subjects and in british*built ships owned by his British ships;

subjects and navigated according to law under the forfeited! rco^uy of the forfeiture thereof together with the ship or vef ?1 importing or bringing the same and all her guns furniture, tncnunition* tackle and apparel.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Forfeitures That all and every the goods or commodities and all ships or {j^ommmd reflels forfeited by this act shall and may be seized by the com ej8 Of ^jps Of napder or commanders of any of his majesty's ships or vessels war, o. and A ynr, or any commissioned, warrantor petty officer speci recovered and illy ^utfiorised by him or them or by any officer or officers f f^cftures 11s wui^fty's customs; and that every forfeiture and penalty in respeaing*the: urred by this act shall and may respectively be sued for pro customs ccuted, and recovered, in such courts and by such and the like7^ays^' means and methods, and the produce thereof re pedlively disposed of and applied in such and the like manner, and tp such and the like uses and purposes as any forfeiture incufr'ed by any lawcefpefting the revenue of the customs may now be sued for prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this kingdom or in any of his majesty's dominions in North America, or the West Indies, respectively, as the case may happen to be

- XVII

An for repairing certain road in the county of Perth i and for explaining and amending an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reigtt'of'bra present Majesty, (chap 13.) for repairing the highways bridges, and ferries in the county of Perth.

Ml! 1 '

\^CAP. XVIII

An differ repealing on all made in the last session of parliament, intita\ed % An act for the better securing the rights of persons qualified to Vote at county elections.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-eighth year Wf ltlbe reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the8 Geo. 3. better fccucing the rights of persons qualified to vote at county C recited, elections: and whereas ibe earrying of the said act into effect would be attended with r great and continual expense, and be pro dust we of mnj+bariships and inconveniences to freeholders and others, and the fold aft mtdd prove inadequate to answer the purposes thereof: may it therefore pfeafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the adviccitnd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commoavin this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

s96

and repealed.

Persons who have omitted to perform anything required by the recited act, indemnified. publick act.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 19-^13. [ijfy

thority of ihfc same. That the faits& the tweaty eighrh. of his feid majesty's reign, and every matter, dauie, and tttfc therein contained, shall be, and the same ft and are hereby iff pealed. 1

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enact arc declared, That all and every person and persons who dull tail omitted or neglected m any wise to execute, do, of pfrforfe anything directed to be done or required of therti by thefdj ] recited act, shall be, and are hereby respectively indenuu&ri for such their default or defaults therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be (toned and taken to bt a publick act; and shall be taken notice of a such by all persons whomsoever, without the same being spee ally pleaded.

CAP. Xltfi

An act for continuing, an act, made in the twenty seventh yeareftk reign of his present Majesty, (cap. 3$.) intituled An act for te couragement of the arts of defining and printing rtneuv, cutrto, ctlitcqet, and mrtfiins.by veiling the properties thereof in theddigwn, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time. till ju.j 1, 179*

CAP. XX.

An act for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and forrtgrii!* ing the Statute labour within the same.

CAP. XXI.

Ad ad fojr altering the powers of an act, made irt the thlhy afrtf par of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (chap. 35.) for erecting piers and other works for the security and improvement of the harbour of New Shurrham; in the county of Sussex, tad for keeping the same in repair. old duties to cease, and new duties to

CAP. XXII.

An act to amend and render efieftnal an act of the thirty fidl yrtr of King George the Second, (chap. 18.) for draining and preferring certain fen lands and lowgroundsjn the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between thb Cadi, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and mfiden hall nyere, and bounded on the southeast by the hard lands of Ife: ham, Fordham, Sohkm, and Wigken; and for impowering the gow hot, bailiffs, and commonalty of the cortipahy of dobferotors of the great level of the fens, oalled Bedford jje4el, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Inverted, Lands; and for laving certain rates on vessels navigated upon tfte# (kid riven, toiua suppbrting the banks thereof.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers Of fevtvil aft, pritedin tke eighth and ninth year of the reign of King William the Third, tai in the hrft, fifth, and seventh years of the reign of King George Ut tirft, and in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late myfcf King George the Second, for Rebuilding, repairing, and amcodiogtae piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the cotmty of York.

8 8c9Gol. 5. C 19. 1 Geo. 1. c. 49. 5 Geo. X e.io. 7 Geo. x.e.j^wd a6 Geo. a. C 10# Former acts further continued for 2$ yean. Tnrkces

IQ

89*3 Aritfo vicesimoi ricnt> Georgii III. c. 44, 45.

rau&the hortfi pier to be extended sixty feet, and other works to be itti i idepy of accounts of receipts and disbursements to be lent to tbt oiktf Hod ft at neweaft<e. Trulfcees empowered to purchase lanfl, fr improving the harbour. Lands and toils liable to comrioute to air of the piers, etc to continue so. That a certain annual Cum shah paid Vf the' estate owners at Bridlington, not less tfiafl one pier rate I 4q bw. Trustees may apply for additional rates, if necessary. The ea ascertained. Allowing an appeal. No person possessed of ad, ite liable to be rated shall be elected a trustee.

CAP. XXIV.

for rebuilding the market house of the town of Llanfylltn, in tkfc rounty of Montgomery, and for other purposes therein mentioned, ind defraying the rxpence thereof, by file of certain wade lands in: he townflrips of giob*lch and Bachau, in the said county.

d market house taken down in 1775. One commissioifor, and 15 lftees. The right of common extinguished. Boundaries. 10 be per ibulated. Waste lands to be Airveyed. Roads et out. How the bhek roads, are to be maintained. Allotments to be set out to the cute of Battlefield, and others. Waste lands to be sold. Award to be ide in writing. Money arising by such sale to be applied to erect a arket, for making bridges and drains, for purchasing a burying place, r roads over the watte at Gloowich andbachau, for irirolling the award, d fencing the allotment for the poor. The old market house vetted in uttees. Persons refufin; to treat, etc. the recomptnce to be ascertain L by a jury, with the usual clauses in regard to purchases. Accounts be kept of moneys rec. tied and paid^and all contradb and othefr oceedinga entered in books. Lands to be sold riot to be exempted ora tithes. Appeal to the quarter session. Reservation of mines, ith liberty of working the favne, making satisfaction for damages. sav g manerial rights. General saving of right.

CAP. XXV.

n act to incorporate certain persons therein named, and their succeslbrst* by the name and ftiie of The Northumberland Fishery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a capital ioint ftocfc for more effectually supporung, conducing, and increasing such fishery.

'wenty proprietors. To be a body corporate. Corporation may purchase inds, to the value of 500l. per ann. Power to raise a capital of 50, 000l. ach share npt to exceed 1501. and no one proprietor to hkve more than ight (bares, and the Cociety prohibited from borrowing moriey. capi d to be divided into shares of 1501. each. To be deemed personal ttate. Subscribers entitled to the profits, and may vote for one, two, r three shares, one vote; for four or five shares, two votes; for six or even share, three votes, and for eight shares, four votes. One share o have only one vote. May vote by proxy. Proxies to be proprie ors. Books to be kept. Subscribers to pay their shares of calls on & nonth's notice; in case of non payment, to incur a forfeiture of the hares, and also iol. percent, on each share. On 3 months further notice, ind nota payment, to pay the further sum of iol. percent, on each share if the nonpayment be declared at a general meeting, the shares to heroine forfeited, and also the penalties of iol* percent, and iol. percent n each Share, to be recovered by action in courts at Westminster*; but Ihe proprietors, at a general meeting, may postpone, mitigate, or remit the same. In case ot death, executors, ice. to pay subscription. In default of assets, the subscriptmon may be paid by any other proprietor, who is to repay all the testator had paid on his shares. Subscribers to dispose of shares by deed in writing, a duplicate whereof is to be kept by the (Secretary. A governor and four directors to be chosen. Governor

r T and

5£$ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 2 5.

and directors to be fvrorn. Four general quarterly meeting! to > in every year, t tmr powers to conduct the affrwtrf ibtlodi

special meetings may be appointed. Six weeks notice farthrlitfdwi zette to be annually given to creditors, C and the ampupiof< published. Governors and directors subject to the conjtroul tors. No trartsfer to be made for 3 years. A furtbci^fudi may be raised by the society, if the original him not fuffiefedfc crease of capital to be made until 3 months notice this act for 21 years.

CAP. XXVI X

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twenty ffib year if the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An a el for grafting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and penj chapmen; and for regulating their trade.

[Preamble.]

jgeo. 3. C 78. recited.

w

and from Aug. X 1789, repealed, so far as relates to the duties, and so far as is not reenacted by this act.

9 & to Gul. 3. C 17. revived from Aug. 1, 1789, so far as not hereby altered or explained.

From Aug. 1, 1789, the following yearly duties to be paid, viz.

Most. gracious Sovereign, r

Pereas an act was made in the twenty fifth year reign of his present Majesty, intituled An ad/org^st^ to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, andyptfc chapmen; and for regulating their trade: end wheum pedient to repeal the duties now charged upon and payable ey kewlefr > pedlars, petty chapmen, and other per font going from town to (Jttffeir to other men's houses, and to grant other duties in lieu thcruf\ fllfo to explain and amend the aforesaid act, with respect id e reflations therein contained: therefore, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in Mfji^ ment artembled, humbly pray your Majesty that it may be at atsted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent mawty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpimual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afirmbfei and by the authority of the same, That, from and after thefira day of August one thousand seven hundred and eightyniatv d aforesaid act passed in the twenty fifth year of his prefatf^na jesty King George the Third, intituled An act for grant' Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty

and for regulating their trade; so far a relates to the fai and so far as is not re enacted by this act, shall he, auditsj is hereby repealed. ", JT.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, th*tad made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his laie" il King jvittiam the Third, entitled, An act for ticenfiigjf and pedlars, for a further provision of interest for the tr/ww for reducing of Ireland, shall, from and after the said August, be revived and put in force, and shall be executedmtacb and the like manner as before the parting of the

the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty wfif as the same is not hereby altered or explained.

III. And be it enacted by the authority afore fata, TT, fa and after the said fjrft day of Aygujl, there shall jtejiw, fwered, and paid, to and far the use of his

and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is.tofaft)

Hr

3. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 26, 599

every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other Every hawk ngpcflhn and persons, going from town to town, or to other cr» travelling either on foot, or with horse, horses, hfcrtvrfrjto England, ivales, or the town of Berwick upon to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, djihaodizesj a duty of four pounds for each year: ld: ky every person so travelling with a horse, afs, or mule, and a like there beast bearing or drawing burden, the sum of four dut for each ds yearly, for each beast he or she shall so travel with, over^f'c^c# Lbovc the said first mentioned duty of four pounds.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from hawker fter the said first day of August it shall not be lawful for any auction to: er, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or forfeit jol. ns going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and tling either on foot or with horse or horses, either by open room or (hop, and exposing to sale any goods, wares, or tafpdb&es by retail in any town, parish, or place, (such per tto? feting a householder there, or the same not being an plfcce of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on bu tew by any other means or device, to vend or sell, either nitfelf or herself, or by any auctioneer (whether licensed or tucker, appraiser, agent, servant, or other person, on his T schalf, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, by jk^fcfiodcing down of hammer, candle, lor, pareel, or any 'inode of sale at auction, or whereby the best or highest 5r^w? W shall be deemed to be the purchaser \ that every tfjtfid persons so vending or selling, contrary to such prolii imt last aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every offence, pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein nw&tfbned.

AM be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, du*y to be and after the said first day of August, every hawker, pedlar, P tihafnnan, and other trading person or persons, so travelling cence. prefeid, (half, at the time of receiving his or her licence as iftfcaf mentioned, and.without any discount whatsoever, pay ifcfa granted or made payable by or imposed upon him or efjpectively, to the commissioners for the time being for LI ftg'feawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or some person or fcr in that behalf authorised or deputed by them, or the r^iirtef them, in writing under their hands and seals; and r wfnteot thereof, and not otherwifr, a licence shall be fto to them, subscribed by the said of for the iidag, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and ^ifefcofding to the true intent and meaning of this and the £'

1 St made in the reign of King William the Third, and ac ing to he duties which shall then be paid upon receiving

d bet it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That before Persons appersons (ha) 1 receive, or be entitled to receive, any plyin& fr LI of to uadi or travel as aforesaid, every such person or persons

Form of such certificate.

600 Anno vicesimo pono Georgii ih.c.a£. tijfy.

ficate of their fans (hailproduce.to the cocnaiilfioner or

good cha deputy or depytie?, ?ppoiot?d or licengig;

r*cter' ptlty chapmen, and other trading persons a aforebam cate, figoed by some one clergy/uan officiating wit phapelry, or place, wherein such person so applying I cence has his usual residence, and also by two repusmci tants of the said pan lb, chapelry, or place, attefisatt person so applying is of good character and rep»uaiiofcj fit person to be licensed to exercise the trade of a hi*hr, and petty chapman.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority 1 That the certificate so to be produced as aforesaidf form or to theetfedl following:

WE A.B. the mnifttr, and C D. andes. herigt holders residing at in the per

or otherwise, as the case may be),/ ini'

do hereby certify that G. H. bath beau for the [pate of years lost pa ft, and daring pti

hath usually rtftded in the said parish, chapelry, or otheri cate may be) of and is a person of goodt

reputation, and is a fit person to be licensed to exerafe the I hawker9pedlar, and petty chapman Dated the

5jm

A.B. Act sift sr*«jll

££}*'

VIII. And be it further enacted by the auti Hawkers to That every person to whom any fudi licence as a markon their granted, under or by virtue of this at, and whoifcafr £.terafedc* or un°cr colour ot^ such licence, (hdl cause to be Hawker, etc. CU or printed, in large legible Roman capitals, on penalty of conspicuous part of every pack, box, bag, trunk,

«ol. wagon, or other vessele or conveyance, in which i

carry his or her goods, wares, and merchandizes, room and (hop in which he or she shall so trade, upon every hand bill, or advertisement, which he < give our, distribute, or publish, the words Liceafhd t gether with the number, name, or other mark or 1 ftin&ion, so written or printed upon his or hoik said; and that every such person, in any respectc herein, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of tm*i tjnlicensed

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority a \ persons so # jf^any time, from ancj after the said first daf of < ^cks, netc.e r p^00 other than to whom such licence (halt' to forfeit iol. granted as aforesaid shall write, paint, or print,: written, painted, or printed, or keep or continue 1 ed, or printed, upon any pack, bag, box, trunk, 1 gone, or other vessele or conveyance, for any gotd % 4 merchandizes, or in any room or (hop ill whkh te

Ann vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. oi

i > or expefe to dale, or keep for sale, any goods, wares, or mer a4atii#»as, the words Ucensed Hawker, or Luenfed Pedlar, or any law word Of words tp that effect; every person offending here dmpu forfeit, for each offence, the fotn of ten pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Hawkers fell afoto hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person ln0g0$^jfe<* s ^ri&refekl, shall, from and after the said first day of 4uzuft'> C to forfeit their ok dealing in, Qr vending or selling any kind of hnug- licences, etc. ltd) contraband, or prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, r dbeaiing in, vending or selling any goods, wares, or mecchan wi fraudulently or dishonestly procured, either by themselves,

r through the medium of Others with their privity and know edge, every such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or trading person, shall, from and after such conviction, forfeit his or her icejace, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or new licence, or dealing, trafficking, or trading under: be lame; and that over and above all such forfeitures and incapacities, fines and penalties, to which he or she is or shall be by lavr subject and liable for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any such hawker, Hawkers pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person so travelling trading with as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first day of Augufly trade ^llewcoa as aforesaid without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall trary thereto, be allowed by such licence, such person shall, for each and every or refusing to such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and produce, or applied as hereafter' mentioned; and that if any person trading their licence, under and by virtue of any licence to him or her granted as to produce,aforesaid* upon demand made by any person or persons autho to forfeit xol» rifod or appointed to demand any such licence, by the commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen for the time being, or any*two of them, under their hands and seals, and upon producing or shewing such authority or appointment to such person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon demand made by any justice of tlw peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, riding, division, town corporate, borough,

OS place, where he or she mall so trade, or by any officer of the cuffem* or excise, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her LI ewee for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce and show unto sech person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such justiocof the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace, officer of thexustoms or excise, that then the persons so ttfafiag, or not having his or her licence ready to produce and he was aforesaid, shall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for nonpayment thereof

(bsdl.foier as axammon vagrant, and be committed to the house corm&ion* '

xll And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sfbat if m person or persons whatsoever shall forge or coun Persons forg hjfm any ikencasorlicences, tar this a directed to be granted, ing licences,

or or travelling

with them, to forfeit tool.

Ferfoni lending licences, or trading with lent licence, to forint 40i each, and the lender his licence.

Persons trading without licence, or refuting to produce it, »av be feneed, and carried before a mi gistrate, etc.

Anno vicesimo nano gsoftcii IIK ct.

or travel with, or produce or shew, any such forgot or 1 feited licence or licences for any of the purposes afovcfefe^ewiy, such person shall, for every such offence, forforrhclinn Ofom hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein rittr k directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person shall let oat to hire or lend any Homer to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with, or under colour of, any licence granted unto any other period whatsoever, or of any licence in which hit or her own real name shall not be inserted as the name of the person to whom the same is granted, the person letting out to hire or lending any such licence, and the person To trading with, or under colour of, any licence granted to any o»her person, or any licence in which his or her own real name shall not be inferred as the name of the person to whom the same is granted, shall each of them forfeit the (dm of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mea tioned; and in case any person shall be convicted, or have judgement against him for lending his or her licence to any other person or persons, contrary to this act, such his or her licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading personas aforesaid, who shall be found trading without a licence, contrary to this act, or who, being found tracting, shall refuse or neglect to produce to such person or persons a licence according to this act, after being required so to do, for a reasonable time in order to give notice to a cocrib* ble, headborough, tythingman, or other peace officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry such persons so feneed, unlefe they shall, in the mean time, produce their respective licences, before same one of his majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence or offences Avail be committed, which said justice of the peace is hereby atsihorised bod strictly required to examine into the or fads charged, iffed upon due proof, either by confession of the party offending, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which the said justice is hereby empowered to administer) that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no (nth licence being produced by such offender before the find jtiftioe, to convict the offender of trading without a licence; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said mill of forty pounds to be forthwith levied by distressed and sale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders (hah be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after dedudion of the ftafoaabie

charges

i tt that faicmiftrefs and ourof the faiff'fisre'fb

*wmpvllnfti4 tjp«6ive ^enaltiea and forfmores aforesaid? hfitt in «w&i>»fn*rto commihuch offender to thr common gaol or ^fcm rrc&fon of theflcaumy, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there main^mnlihe said penalties and forfeitures, and the reason charge of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such refs and Me as aforesaid; oruntif the same shall be otherwise or catufied by sech offender. V

t, xv\r<and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bat if any constable, headborough, or tythingman, or othel: 4tfficeror officers of the peace, shall refuse or neglect, upon due £)ptioe, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assisting in execution of this or the said recited act, being the reunto re t tjuired, each and every such officer or officers, being thereof con > upon his confession, or by the oath of one or more ere

rt^w?k witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the oriplace where the offence shall be committed, shall for each and every such offence the sum of ten pounds, t6 £9>i*eohe«ed and applied as hereafter mentioned.

frft

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other men'srhfpufoi travelling either on foot or with horseor horses, or open wgitcoom or, (hop, and exposing to sale any goods, wares, or qtpfn'chamlises# by retail, in any town, parish, or place, such per not being a householder there, or the same not being an usual. nf his or her abode, or of hie or her carrying on business? vend, (el, or expose to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandises, what (beaver, m any city or market town in England, Wales ^oftthejown of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the distance of two apifo* front the middle of the most central market place of any., fob city or market town, by the most usual or common roads; pndui cats Any such person or persons shall vend, fell, or expose ip sale, goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, in any ky or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick <spm1twetdt<ot within the distance of two miles from the middle of the wood central market place of any such city or marker town, by-sh*most central or common road as aforesaid, every - such pefjbn foal forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum. sen pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is ^ipfohowed.'

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no bfopwein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, 'tohioder wny person or persons from selling, or exposing to sale, ^oy*loet: of goods.or merchandizes in any public mart, mar kct^ojvsoir, but that such person may do therein as they lawfully fhuve done before the making of this act; anything before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. V Xymc Provded always, and be it further enacted, That if <4k|Y<hiwka*, pedlar, or patty chapman, or other trading person, rc w. XXXVI Ss - shall

"603

Peace officer neglecting their duty to forfeit xol*

No hawker to expose^any goods to sale in a city or market town, or within miles thereof, on penalty of xol.;

except on market or fair days.

Hawkers

vendinggoods

in any city, fice. contrary

604 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 26.

[17s5.

to this a A, to shall vend any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any such city, the rk^10 1- lown or pace contrary to any of the provisions in this act coo tie as unk* taine such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading cenfedha*k person, shall be subject and liable to the like penalties as is by ere. this act inflicted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or

other trading persons travelling without licence.

Hawkers who

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and afrer the were licensed said sir day Of August, it shall be lawful for any person or per ^any^ufi^1 ons wo, oa^was or were duly ltceofed to

ness where trade as hawkers and pedlars, to setup, occupy, use, or exercise they are rest any craft, mystery, or occupation, used or occupied within this dent inhabi realm, in any place where they shall be resident inhabitants, nc^brol0lht^ aus they not lave ^con brought up in such craft, mv up thereto, ^ery» or occupation seven years as apprentices, and also topt dec. any person on work in such craft, my.rtery, or occupation, although

fuqh person shall not have been apprentice therein as aforesaid; any penalty, matter, or thing contained in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled, jh8 containing diverse orders for artificers, labourerj, servants of bmfian dry, and apprentices, to the contrary not with handing; and that if any such person, or their wives or children, shall be prosecuted for using or exercising any such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any city, town, or place, and ball make it appear that they had such licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the general issue pleacted, he found not guilty, in any action, bill, plaint, information, or indictment for such cause exhibited against him; and in all cases where costs are allowed, such persons, so acquitted, shall be intided to and shall receive double cofb; and that no such persons, their wives or children, during the time they shall use and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or place, shall be resnoveable therefrom to his, her, or their last legal place of settlement, until such person or persons shall become actually chargeable to such parish or place; any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

No wholesale

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no J'fh^ odf to person being a wholesale trader in english bone lace, in woollen, be deemed l*nen» filki cotton, or mixed goods, or any of the goods, wares, hawker. or manufactures of Great Britain>and selling the same by whole fa!e, shall be deemed or uken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other 'ad relative to hawkers, or of any or either of them; and tharall and every such person or persons, his her, or their children, apprentices, servants, or agents, selling by wholesale only, shall go from house to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers, who shall fell again by wholesale or retail, without bring subject or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained'in this or in any of the said acts, touching hawkers, pedlars, or

petty chapmen; anything in this or in any of the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no

thing

1789.] Anno vicesimo rtono g*orgii HI. C 26# 605

thing in this act shall extend, or be confttued to extend, to pro Act not to tobii any person or persons from selling any printed papers, Ji cxt£n<j° canted by authority, or any fish, fruit, or victuals; nor to Irin Scfcrioed^10ller the real worker or workers, or maker or makers, of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or tfveir children, apprentices, or known agents or servants, usually residing with such real workers or makers only, from carrying abroad or exposing to sale, and selling by retail, or otherwise, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town; nor any Tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness menders, or other persons ufuahy trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying Tvith him or them proper materials for mending the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal How penalties ties which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater sum thanb<?vc lol\*rc

twenty pounds, shall be recovered, together with costs of suit, ^anttap ^" in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action plied.

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue foi the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Howpenaltir* the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the not exceeding sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before one of his r°ccyfrrcd°and majesty's justices of the peace of the county, riding, Shire, divi applied, C fion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence either by voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses 5 and one moiety of every such jaft mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment, the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, shall cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty and the expense of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and shall also commit the offender to the prison of such county, Shire, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain until the said penalties, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satished by such offender; and it shall be lawful for any such justice of the peace by his warrant to cause such offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to any charge or complaint for any such penalty, and to co(r»tnit such offender to prison as aforesaid until the hearing of such charge or complaint, unless he m (he fhaltafid do enter into a recognisance before such jus

s 2 ftice,

6o6

No person committed to jroal to be detainedmore than three months. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fcf lions.'

Convtfttrm in the forpa following to be good.

Form of conviction.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 2 [1785.

ftice, with two sufficient sureties, in a sufficient sum to be ordered by such justice, to appear at the hearing of such charge or complaint.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no perfoa committed to any gaol or house of correction, for any offence committed against this act, shall be detained in such gaol or house of correction, for any longer space of time than three months.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he, she, or they, shall or may upon entering into a recognisance with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by such justice to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with a sum which In the judgement of such justice shall be adequate to the amount of the costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of such penalties, forfeitures, and costs as shall be adjudged, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or, at their discretion, to state the facts specially for the determination of his Majesty's court of king's bench thereon; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices, or the court of king's bench, to award the person or oersons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a conviction in the form or to the effect following, mutaiis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the evidence, and without alleging more than the substance of the offence, in all cases wherein any justice of the peace hath power to convict by virtue of this present act:

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord at

in the county of A.B. came before me, C D.

esquire, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offence herein after mentioned was committed, and informed me that E. F. of in the said county of (here ftt firth the

for which the information is laid) whereupon the said. £. being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me, [and having heard the charge contained in the said information, acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the facts therein stated to be true, but in his, (or her) defence alleged, (here sitting forth the substance of the defence \) or voluntarily contcfled the said charge to be true, or did not make any defence against the said charge, whereupon the same was fully proved on the oath of G. H. a credible witness; or said that be (or ihe) was not guilty of the said offence whereupon the same was fully

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 26. 607

proved on the oath of G. H. a credible witness, or as the case shall be] or did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons, but the said charge was fully proved on the oath of

S. H. a credible witness, [or as case shall be) and therefore it oianifeftly appearing to me that the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged in the said information, I do hereby convict bim (or her) of the said offence, and do adjudge that he (or (he) bath forfeited the sum of (or his [or her) licence,

ind the sum of) of lawful money of Great Britain,

to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of the datute in such case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Noconvic* said. That no conviction upon this act shall be removed or re tlon te, r movable, by writ of Cehiorari or otherwise, into his majesty's ^y^her ° court of king's bench, or ay other court, save upon an appeal, court fare

as by this act is directed. upon appeal

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore asdirwtcdby laid, That every justice, before whom any person hath already 1 'a*convicted of any offence, under or by virtue of any of the hav^reedved acts hereby repealed, and having received for his Majesty's ufc his majesty's any part or share of any penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, un ftiareof pe dcror by virtue of such conviction, for which he has not already naltic* tinder accounted, shall, within six months after the passing of this act, ^ets^o^ranf transmit to the commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, mjtan ac. and petty chapmen, a schedule, or schedules, containing the count thereof names of the persons so convicted, the day on which they within six were convicted, their respective offences, and the respective s0£fter sums now remaining in the hands of such justice for his Mathis alt? jesty's Lfe, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of such convictions, arranged according to the several counties, ridings, or places, within which such convictions hath been made; and that every justice, before whom any such person Justicesto re shall be convicted of any offence under or by virtue of this ceive his ma at, shall take and receive his majesty's share of the penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such conviction; and that un^very such justice, his executors or administrators, shall pay, or act. cause to be paid, all such sums of money as shall be remaining Justicest; o pay in his or their hands at the time of the passing of this act, at monevrecciv the next general quarter sessions of the peace after the passing of fhcclerkoft0 this act, and all such sums which he shall so take or receive up the peace, on any conviction Under or by virtue of this act as aforesaid, at who is to re the next general quarter sessions of the peace, after he shall have* to he so taken or received the same, into the hands of the clerk of the prfor hcenf peace, or other suchlike officer, for the county, riding, or place |ng hawkers within which such conviction shall have been made, who is etc. hereby directed to remit the same forthwith, without fee or reward, to the said commi (Turners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, of to such person or persons as the greater fart of them shall appoint and that every such justice, his exes

s 3 cutora

6o8

Powers of9&

io Gul. 3. C. 7, etc. to be in force, excepthereby altered.

witnessvs refuting to attend etc. to forfeit iol.

Duties to be paid to the cashier of the duties on hawkers, etc.

Anno vfeesimo nono geoxoil HI. C 9.

cjutors or administfators, ftnril, immediately in such pattnfck made to any clerk of the peace, or other facti officer, rranfmh a like schedule to the said of, or tt such perfoti or persons as they, or the greater part of them, shall appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, ru!e<f methods, penalties, and forfeitures, exemptions, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, which in and by the said act, made in the reign of King William the Third, or by any other law now in force relating to or concerning the duties by that act granted, are provided, settled, or established, (other than so far as the same is, are, or shall be incontinent with, or contradictory or repugnant to anything in this act contained, and other than in such cases for which different provisions arc prescribed by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, Je ying, collecting, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, and be in force, with rest eft to the same, as fully and effectually to all intents dnd purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, or to the herein before mentioned act, made in the re gn of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall refute to be examined upon oath, and give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, before whom the prosecut: on shall be depending, that then every such person shall icrfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in such manner, and by such means, as are herein directed as to the other penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the cashier, for the time being, of the duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said feverxl rates and duties, and paid into the receipt as aforesaid, fh|jl be eptered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable

19

1789-) Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 27, 28. 609

to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account what focrcr; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of ex chequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the fe feral annuities, and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an at passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled.

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

XXXII. And be it farther enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act for of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shah pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non faited, or judgement shall be recovered against him or them upon demurrer; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their achon, or be nonprossed therein, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him Treble costs. or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for paving, clean sin g, lighting, improving, and regulating the streets, lane, and other public passagea and places, and for repairing the highways, within the parish of Saint Clement in the town and port of Hayings, in the county of suftex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, obstructions, and incroachmeats, within the said town and port.

forty-three Commissioners to be sworn. Officers to account. No cattle to be killed in the streets. Rates to be paid by occupiers of lands, hooses, &c*.according to the poor rates, and not to exceed iaol. per ann. Oafts and deezes for curing fish occupied for the spafon to pay / annual a&fiments, by landlord, owner, or occupier. The owners of houses let in separate apartments liable to pay assessments. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the of No highway rate to be lain in future, or Statute duty called out. Commissioners may borrow money, not more than 1, 500b at interest, and assign the rates as a security. Interest money to be paid half yearly. Poor rates may be is (petted. Allowing an appeal against rates to quarter sessions.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for appropriating the sum of three thousand pounds, out of the upexhaujitd balance or fur plus arising from the forfeited estates in North Britain, to be applied by the highland society of Scotland at Edinburgh to public uses in that part of the kingdom

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the highland society of Scotland at Edinburgh

was incorporated for the purposes of inquiring into the fate of the highlands and islands of Scotland, for promoting improvements, by establishing towns and villages, making roads, building bridges, advancing agriculture, extending fineries, and introducing ufefid trades and manufactures in that part of the kingdom: and seas, in terms of their institution, the highland society has advan s s 4 ttd

610 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. e8.

[17

ted considerable sums of money for the above useful purposes but jm themselves unable to carry this beneficial and extenfivo plan effuluady into execution by the voluntary contribution of their members mhuh is their only fund: and whereas, by an act passed in the twenty) syrtk »4 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act iq enable C SI' Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors opost certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scoelmd* which were put under the management of a board of irusteesby an at passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said act; it was enacted, That it Should be lawful to his Majesty* his heirs and fuuejjors* to give grant and dispont to the federal per fans therein named their respective heirs and assigns the several lands and ejlatn therein mentioned subject to and chargeable with the several principal sums of money thereby made payable or directed to be paid into the (curt of exchequer in Scotland, with such directions for the dispoption or application thereof as in the said act are contained: and it urns thereby further enacted That the several principal sums of money fa thereby made payable, or directed to be paid into the said court a exchequer Should be forthwith by order of the said court lodged in tin royal bank or bank <7/* Scotland, or in any of the public funds for such interef as could be obtained for the same till otherways disposed of in manner thereinafter directed and (after taking notice that the sums to be paid into the said court of exchequer might happen not to be exhay fled by the several applications in the said oft specified) it was thereby further enacted That the balance of money to be paid in Should remain under the care of the said court of exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the said public batiks or public fund^subject to the future disposition of parliament: and whereas the sums of money jo by the said act directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer in Scotland, have in pursuance of the said act been paid into the said court and all the applications in the said act directed to be made thereof have been accordingly made in the manner mentioned in the said act: and whereas it will be of great advantage to the highlands of Scotland in particular, and to the kingdom in general that a sum of money artfing from the surplus or unexhaujled balance of the price of the said forfeited estates Should be appropriated to enable the said highlandfxiety to carry effectually into execution the laudable purposes of their infiitu tien; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirirua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Barons of the and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law exchequer to fuj to and for tfoc jorj chief baron, and remanent barons of his the highland majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland or any three of them fucicty. for the time and they are hereby directed and required,

by and out of the unexhausted balance or surplus of the moneys so directed by the said act passed in the twenty-fourth year of fiis present majesty's reign, to be paid into the said court, by th several persons therein named, over and above what shall satisfy and discharge the purposes and appropriations by the faief id,

or

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 29, 30.

any other act specjally dirked, and before payment of aoy n or films of money that may hereafter be directed to be paid j*t other purposes, by any other act that may hereafter be IM, to pay, or caofe to be paid to the said highland society Sudani at Edinburgh, or to such person or persons as the said fety shall legally appoint and empower to receive the same,

'|mmioting the laudable purposes of their institution before sniioaed, the sum of three thousand pounds, of good and vful money of Great Britain, free of all deductions whatso ar; and the receipt or receipts of the said highland society ofbmd at Edinburgh, or of the person or persons so by them to appointed, for the said sum of three thousand pounds, or for y part thereof, shall be a sufficient voucher to the said barons the sum or Aims of money thereby acknowledged to be re vad, and shall be taken as evidence of their having issued and peftded so much of the money paid into court in pursuance of9hid aft; and for that purpose the said barons, or any three them, shall, from time to time, issue their warrant or warns to the bank or banks, or to any person or persons, in whose ods the said money now is, or hereafter may happen to be seed or deposited j and the said highland society of Scotland at inivrgb is hereby directed and required, when the said sum of rte thousand pounds, or any part thereof, is issued and paid as fftsaid, to lend out the same on proper security, and to apply e annual produce thereof to the uses and intents and purposes their institution.

U; And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed Public act d taken to be a public act; and all judges, justices, and her persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially siding the same.

CAP. XXIX.

1 act for providing a workhouse for the use of the parish of High worth, id the county of Wilts; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

irenty three trustees, besides the prebendary and vicar of Highwqrtb, churchwardens, chapelwardens and oveheers for the time being, d Eliot and Mr. Hufley, Rewards or agents, who may raise i, 6ool.^>y ndi of 50l. each, charged on the poor rates. The matter of the xkhouse to have ad. in the shilling out of the earnings of the poor. e additional overseer to have iool. per ami. salary; to continue in lee till 1790, and then to be chosen annually, and the whole manage sat of the poor vested in him, and the churchwardens and overseers t to intermeddle, save one of them as treasurer; but the additional nicer may be dismissed for misbehaviour, dec. inhabitanu may be wit fles.

CAP. XXX.

11$ to amend and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the last fsession of parliament, entitled, An act for repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the said church; and for removing the present watch house, and providing Soother for the use of the said parish.

Covent

6i2. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3*, 3*.

[1719.

Cdvent Garden church made parochial, is Car. s. C jy. Geo 3, C 8j. recited, whereby the relit of the pewa and rates of 6d. is tfe pound per ann. according to the poor's rate. The trusteestoraife 6ood by annuities payable half yearly A further sum to be raised b ansa, ties of 4000l. (btfides the 6000l. already directed.y Rates may he is Created, but not so as to exceed 6d. in the pound. Provision of foraa aft ektcftded to this. For preventing nutfances io the church ywd Inhabitants deemed witrtefle*. Vaults not to be made under pews, vn tny where else in the church without being arched. To pay the CI pences of this act out of the first money raised.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Stint Chad, in the town of Shrew (bury and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and passages to the church and cemetry.

The roins of the old Church to be taken down, and may be sold, but !b materials of the chancel referred to the lay impropriator, who is to remove the same. The feite of the old church to remain as coofecrated ground, "and the new church to be completed in 5 years. The old church yard to remain as such, and foot ways to be set out acroft tse same. The right of the vicar, and the right of presentation preferad. Pews Slotted to the mayor and corporation of Shrewsbury, the vicsr,

[Public act.]

- and parish officers, and all other pews to be sold or let, but no uodoe preference prrmitted. Monuments to be taken down at the expense oi proprietor, but mural ones to be placed in the new church, and no burials to be within the same. The rents of the property belonging to the church, and rates for funerals, and pew money, to be applied to the par poses of this act, and the deficiency of the fund to be made up by rates of is. per pound for the first year, and is. 6d. per ann. after, according to the poor's rate, and appeals allowed to be made by the occupiers of houses, ice. (not Quakers) and tenants to pay the same, who not baring a lease for above zi years, or 1 or more lives, may deduct the same out of their relit, but payment of rates not to entitle the party to a settlement in the parish; and in case of loss by insolvency, dec. a new rate may be made to answer the same. Churchwardens and overseers to account with the trustees, and pay them the balance. Power to raise icvxol. by mortgage of pews and the rates. The securities to be paid off by lot. Divine service to be performed in the churches of St. Mary, St. Alkmond, Julian, and Holy Cross, Shrewsbury, till the new church is completed. After that the tithes and lay impropriators and their tenants, to be discharged from repairs, (except of the chancel) and ail ecclesialticftl rights saved. Ground may be purchased for alrafhouses. fifty-one trustees with such powers, and as uluai in acts of this nature. exxension of certain powers of thi6 aft.

CAP. XXXII.

At) act for embanking and draining certain fens and lowlands in the pari ihes of Nofton and Potterhan worth, in the county of Lincoln; and in the parish of Branston, in the county of the city of Lincoln.

The fens in Nofton and Potterhanworth, 5, Mo acres bounded by t\r river Withara, C The master and governors of the bofoital of Jesus Christ, in the city of Lincoln, Anthony Peacock and John Brown, esqrs: See, are the owners. The honourable George Hobart, esq; patron of the vicarage of Nofton, and the King patron of the rectory of potter han worth, and the rev. Peregrine Harrison Curtois clerk, patron of the rectory of Branston, and also vicar of Nofton, and reftor of fotterban worth and Branston. Two commissionerg, and if they disagree a third may be chosen. A survey to be taken and roads set out. lommiffioo efs may avoid leases for more than one year, and to direct the coarse of, husbandry under leases, and have power to make exchanges, and to embank

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 33.

4hd dtain the said land and make bridges, but not to obstruct the ref Btanftdfl fen, hor erect banks within»furlongs of Witham, krt. fftay make9staunch in the lower bank of Car dike, and change the Dtsrffe of Ndcton dike drain, and say a tunnel through the bank of brap lottw and may purchase lands, dec; and agreements to be filed with the let's of the peace. Upon satisfaction made, the commissioness may pro eei in the Works, and the engines are vested in them, and they may let be herbage of the banks. The banks subject to Withanh acre tax, but 1 of to be charged whiitt they are overflown. If proprietors of drains eglefl to deanfe them, or to repair the road side, after 14 days notice rom the manager of the works, he may repair the tame, and the predictor to pay the expense, or may be distramed for the same. Charges f drainage, dec. to be paid by an acre tax of 50s. per acre, in all with ntcrcft till paid. Lands without embankment exempt from taxes. Guardians, CC of same coverts, minors, lunatics, or persons be ond fca, or incapable to act for themselves, tenants in tail or for life >niy (except the vicar of Noeton, and rectors of Potterhanworth and draofton,) by consent of the of, may borrow any sums not ibove 50s. per acre, for defraying charges, C Tenants in tail, See. nay charge money advanced by them with interest at 5 percent, from: heir deaths. All such charges shall be valid. Commissioners to make vn award, to be enrolled by the derk of the peace. Commissioners cm xjwered to borrow money for embanking, not exceeding io, ooool. and may assign over the rates and taxes to pay the same with interest, and to at charged on the lands, C Additional taxes may be raised for drainage by content of proprietors, on notice in church, but not above ios. per acre. Commissioners may borrow money upon credit oft such additional taxes, but not above three fourth parts of the further rates. Contracts to be entered into on notice. Money may be borrowed by com imflioners, with consent of at least 3 proprietors, if above the io, cool. Persons destroyip£ works guilty of felony. Powers of of to cease upon election of trustees. Commissioners may levy all taxes laid by them before t heir power ceases. Trustees to be chosen for supporting works. Annual taxes not to exceed is. per acre. A further annual tax may be raised by consent of proprietors, not more than 6d. per acre. Power to distrain for taxes. Commissioners to account. Requiring the trustees to account. Appeal to the sessions. Power to appoint officers by of and trustees or a trustees. To prevent erecting mills and buildings, cz. near engines. This act not to prejudice the works of the Withani.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised

by a lottery.

771, 5621. ios. to be raised by a lottery, consisting of 50, 000 tickets, at 15l. yd. 1-1 each. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the refoiution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified, viz. deposit XL 8s yd. !i — — July, i7*9»1. — 4 Sept. a — — Oct. 3l. — 10 Nov. al. — 18 Dec. al. ios. — 15 Jan. 1790, 2l. ios. Contributors of every 15l. 8s. 7d. ia to have a lottery ticket, and prompt payment 3 percent, dif enunt^ 500, 000l. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, 1 of 15, 0001. — 1 of 20, 000l. — 1 of io, ooool. — 3 of 5, ooool. — 5 of

[Proviso.]

i, ooool. — 15 of i^ool. — 30 of 500l. — 100 of iool. — 150 of 50l. — 5, 000 of 15l. — 10, 775 of 10l. x.ooool to the first drawn ticket; i, ooool. to the last drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 1790. dif pures to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, CC felony and death, and may be committed to Newgate or any other gaol. Offenders (not in prison) di(covering persons guilty, to receive a pafdon, and 50l. reward. No attainder to work corruption of blood, lost of dower, or duherifon of heirs. Ma

6?4 Anno vicesimo nono georoiiiii. C 34 — 37.

nayers to be sworn. Cashier to receive the fams fuwcribed before ceiving the lottery book: giving a note for the lame; which hado tide the bearer to a ticket for every 15l. 8a. yd. q. paid. after/ah % 4, 1789, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half a the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the refidtie such funas, after deducing the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the time boasted, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the manager, kz. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, dec. as they shall think fit. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, " to be charged on any supplies granted thin section; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 5, 1790, etc. Ma, to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificate. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed, etc. commifsoam of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying coo mention moneys, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of aol. No tickets to oe divided into any other ihares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of 50l. Persons counterfeiting Ihares, etc guilty of felony, and to suffer death. General issue. Treble cos.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eigh 17- nine.

3, 500, 0001. raised by exchequer bills, issued Jan. 5, 1790.*by the make act, not to be received again, or exchanged before April 6, 1700; to be paid out of the next supplies. Deficiency charged on the conuhidatory turns, to be replaced out of the tirft supplies.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer befls, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Commissioners of the treasury may raises, poo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1790, as by the malt a of this session, and the former act, out of the supplies, and charged on the consolidated fund.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of prote&ant purchasers. — Time enlarged to Sept.9, 1789.

CAP. XXXVII.

'An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities.

187, 000l. to be raised by annuities. Every contributor of iool. to be entitled to an annuity of 7l. 98. od. for 18 years 3 quarters, from April 5, 1789, payable out of the consolidated fund half yearly. Contributor! who have made deposits of 10 percent, at the bank may pay the remainder of their subscriptions in the manner herein specified. By si Aug. 1789, percent. 15l. — 5 Sept. 15l. — 30 Oct. 15l. — 7 Nov. 15i — 44 Dec. 15l.- — 19 Jan. 1790. 15l. Contributors to be allowed disemmt of 3 percent, for subscriptions paid in advance. Annuities of 7l. 91. 9d. per ann. to be payable half yearly; the first payment to be on Oct. xo, 1789. Annuities payable and transferable at the bank. Cashierto give receipts for money received, which shall be assignable prior to Sept. 19, 1789. Treasury may apply the money subscribed. A book to be provided in the accountant general's office for entering contributors names, etc. Contributors duly paying their subscriptions, to be entitled to their annuities free of all taxes. Subscriptions paid in part, and opt

coni

V

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 38, 39.

completed, to be forfeited. As footi as subscriptions are completed, they mar be assigned. Annuities to be payable out of the consolidated fund The bank to appoint a cashier and accountant general. Treasury to wider money for payment of annuities, to be issued to chief cashier; Who ia to render accounts according to the course of the exchequer. accountant general to examine the chief cashier's vouchers. Annuities to be deemed personal estates. accountant general to keep books for registering transfer of subscriptions. Annuities granted by this act to be a joint dock with the annuities granted by two acts of the 18th Oeo. 3. C at. and 19th Geo. 3. c. 18. Annuities may be devised. No stamp duties to be charged on transfers. Treasury to defray out of contributions the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. The bank to continue a corporation till annuities hereby granted shall cease. Guardians may subscribe for infants. No see to be taken for receiving contributions, or paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of aol.; nor for any receipts concerning subscription moneys. An account of fuma received by instalments, on account of secret service money, or for interest, to be laid annually before parliament. General issue. Treble eofts.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for opening a new dreet from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the city of London, and also a public passage from such new dreet towards Water Lane; and for dopping up or altering certain courts, alleys, of pastages, and setting out others near to or communicating with such pew dreet and passage

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

Twentyeight trustees appointed to hold meetings. Trustees to open the new dreet and passage; from Fleetdreet, at James hamner's house, in a direct line, not above 17 yards wide, to communicate with Temple Street, at White Friars new wharf, the property of the Ear) of Radnor, and the passage to be 7 yards wide, and to communicate with George Yard*which leads into Water Lane, in a line parallel with Temple Street; and to take down buildings and use land belonging to Lord Radnor, and contract for purchase of buildings and land of other perfgm. Corporations; etc. enabled to sell buildings and land for the purposes of this act, with the usual clauses in regard to purchases. Where part only of the (bite of any building is wanted, the whole may be purchased. No property to be taken without consent of owner, unless notice be given before 31 Dec. 1790. The trustees, or lord mayor and aldermen of London, may setup posts at the end of Temple Lane, and Lombard Street, and also at the end of Essex Street and Silver Street; so as to prevent the passage of carriages, and make them commodious for foot passengers; with consent in writing of owners of houses, to be kept amongst he records of the city. Essex Court, Great and Little Aflien Tree Court, 6 be fl°pp*d up as public passages, and new ones to be opened and rested in the Earl of Radnor, by direction of the trustees in writing, to e kept amongst the records of the city, as aforesaid. Persona aggrieved nay appeal to the quarter feflims. Limitation of actions. General sue.

CAP. XXXIX.

An to explain, amend, and render more effectual several als made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster in the coaiitty palatiae of Lancaster; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

4 Geo. 1. C L & Geo. 3. for improving the navigation of the river oytie, etc. recited. Commissioners have borrowed 6, 00c!, and expend <2 the same. Money borrowed insufficient to complete the works, a

further

t

6*5

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40.

[1789.1

further fom has been appropriated to building the pier or roo*e, aa making the wet dock at Glafiori, and other improvements; 1, 560! an hath been expended, and other Turns are skill necessary, and fighthokn are to be erected. Present rates infofccient. Former acts (excrjlw where akeredby this to continue in force. Additional tonnage dnbsl on all ships, vessels, barks or lighters, coming into or going oat of tfcl said river Loyne, between Lancaftrr Old Bridge, and the Perch at Cocken Sand Abby, (except the king's ships, or those driven m by ftvhs i 1 weather, and not lading or unlading within the said part, or lata I with coal or other fuel only.) be Tides the former rate; to pay acconfag 1 to the schedule to this act, viz. For ships to or from any place in Europe. I within the Streights, or Mediterranean sea, Africa, America, or Grees I land, per tonne, 6d. Trading to any foreign place rn rope (esetft Ireland, Isle of Man, and the Straights, or Mediterranean sea)) to, I 4d. Trading to any place in Great Britain, south of Holyhead, sad north of the Mull of Galway, per tonne, jd. Trading to Ireland or the Isle of Man, per tonne, ad. Trading to any place north of holy head, and south of Mull of Galway, per tpn, vd. And coming nits Loyne in ballad, and not lading nr unlading in the port, toptyoee fourth of the said rates. Duties to be collected by the same periaai, and with the same powers, as duties payable by former act. Duties may be assigned for moneys borrowed. Rate and duties to be rt applied in paying off 1, 5001. to be borrowed under this acts, and the re terest. When the said 1, 5001. is paid with all interest, and the former debt reduced to 4000l. then the duties by this act to cease. ugte housea to be erected in such part of Lancaster Bay as the cocsfnifiioben shall think proper. Light duties establishrd for all ships navigatingw Dancaster Bay, by or between the south end of Walney Island, and de northwest part of Roflal Point, »hereon a landmark it now erected, or into or out of the river Duddon, or shall load or unload in any port, etc. in the Bay of Lancaster, (except the King ships, and those ioaden vrtft coals or fuel only, and those trading in the port of Lancaster, and hare paid the duties there,) to pay 3d. per tonne once in every year, and ships driven in by stress of weather, and not loading or unloading to pay id. per tonne. For recovering the light duties, no ship to be cleared out ba those duties are paid. Penalties on evading the light duties, 5l. be&dti duties and double costs, to be recovered by action. If lighthodiei sic discontinued the duties to cease. Application of the lightdutie* directed, to sustain the lights. Lights to be kept up constantly from fos setting to fun rising. Clerks, collectors, and other officers, to he appointed. Books of accounts to be kept. Mooring and bauafting of ships regulated by the dockmaster, and also ship in the dock. Sails os vessels to be taken down before they enter the dock gates. Port o! L caster to be clean fed and scoured, and the entrance from the sea kept clear and open. Quay, wharf, mole, and land mark, vested in the trustees under the act 13 Geo. 1. Persons destroying the works guilty of felony, and liable to transportation. Persons damaging ships, etc. to for feit 5l. Commissioners may make bylaws, but not to be in force 1$ directed to be carried into execution by the court of quarter sessions of the county. Fier at Glafion deemed a legal quay. Rights of the corporation of Lancaster preferred. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered and applied as by 13 Geo. 1. Fines, etc. tnay be recovered before the mayor and jufliecs of Lancaster, or before justices for the county of Lancaster. Limitation of actions. Act to be construed beneficial, yr the works, and deemed public.

CAP. XL

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfclwi for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of thepesce, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualificatioes within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole adxniffion*h*ve been omitted to he

damped

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41.

ttaamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost qr ill lid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly lamp w t give further time to such persons at have omitted to make and "affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and fitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieute ts and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit de itions of their qualifications to the derk9 of the peace within the limited by law and for giving further time for that purpose.

Aliens who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act i Geo.

ft. ac. 13. see Oaths. Act 13 Car. a. ft. 1. C 1. see Corporations. ic as Car. 1. C 2. see Service and Sacraments. Act 30 Car. 2. ft. a.

X f. 6. see Papists. Act 8. Geo. 1. c. 6. see Quakers. Act 9 Geo. 1.

a 6- see Oaths. Act 18 Geo. a. C ». see Justices of the peace. act6gco.

C s3 see Oaths, before the passing of this act; and who shall, on orfqre Dec. 45, 1789, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against for dtures, but not to indemnify persons for any penalty incurred by neg ccting to qualify himself, nor to exempt justices acting without legal raalincation. Persons producing appointments and admittions before free. 35, 1789, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer,

r member of corporations, or boroughs, may enjoy all offices into which bey have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties and iamages incurred by reason of omissions. Not to extend to restore persons to any office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall cause affi davits to be filed before Michaelmas term, £789, are indemnified and iifeharged from penalties. Persons who shall, before Dec. 15, 1789, pay double duties, may have indentures stamped, for which the duties have been omitted to be paid, which indentures shall be valid; and the perfous who have incurred any penalty shall be acquitted thereof, except where prosecutions are depending. Notice of this clause to be published in the Gazette. 26 Geo. C 107. recited. Deputy lieutenants, etc. who shall, before Sept. 1, 1789, deliver in the qualifications required by the recited act, shall be indemnified. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general ittue.

CAP. XLI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by way 6f annuities, to be attended with the benefit of fui vivor/hip, in clattes.

1, ooi.yool. to be raised by annuities, with the benefit of fiirvivorship. Contributors to be at liberty, till Oct. 10, 1790, to name a life for every iool. 53. which will entitle to an annuity, with survivorship, in clattes. Five particular clattes, ift. Persons under 20 years old at the time of nomination, to have 4l. 3s. 2nd. Above ao and under 30, 4b 58. 6d. 3d. Above 30 and under 40, 4l. 8s. 6d. 4th. Above 40 and under 50, 4l. 133 6d. 5th. Above 50 and under 60, 5l. is. d. Annuities to be paid half yearly; the first payment on April 5, 1791. Annuities falling in by death to be divided among the survivors in the class, till the annuity for one share shall amount to 1000l. per ann. Contributors who have made deposits, to complete their subscriptions at the times mentioned. At the time of fuhscribing, iol. 5s. — 11 Aug. 1789, 15l. — 15 Sept. 15*. — 30 Oct. ijl, — 17 Nov. 15l. — idee. 15l. — 19 Jan. 1790, 15l. Cashier to give receipts for subscriptions, which shall be assignable till Jan. 19, 1790. Cashier to give security, etc. Treasury to reward all persons employed in the execution of this act. Treasury may apply the money subscribed towards the services voted for the present year. Contributors to be allowed interest on subscriptions, at the rate of 4\. pey cent, till Oct. io, 1790, and to be allowed interest for fnbfcrip tiens paid in advance. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited. After subscriptions are completed, certificates to be granted, oh application, prior to Get. 10, 1790, to the cashier, which shall be assignable. Counterpart' of cheques ef certificates to be transmitted

to

17

6t8

Anno vicesimo nono gtoroll HI. G. 41.

to the auditor of the exchequer. Contributor to deliver certi: the auditor by Oct. 10, 1790, to be exchanged for order, ad on back of the certificates to describe the nominees, on pr n a < t V '.r rorfr/ t of subscriptions. Persons may be admitted to subscribe* u the room such as have forfeited part of their subseriptioru by not having co pleted them. Annuities of contributors who have p?.rd their to!) A' icriptions, but shall not have named their nominee j by Oct. io,: to be divided among the annuitants of the clafo. To which fcch for feited annuities shall belong, to be determined by drawing loto tributore delivering certificates to the auditor, and appoint nominee, t be entitled to interest, from July 5, 1789, 'to Oct. 10, 1700- Any pnifci may be a contributor for as many certificates as he shall think pr.^rr Oraers are to be made out for the payment of annuities separatirlr, »contain the name, furuame, additions, and places of abode, of ffce C'tributorsor proprietors, and their nominees, and the reputed paren such nominees, and the true ages and other apt cleicriptions of luc nominees, and the particular class in which placed, and the annuity where to entitled, and to be entered with the auditor, and clerk of pells. The order to be effectual, and not determiued by the death o removal of any commissioner of the treasury. The names of nominee' may be changed till Oct. 10, 1790. Guardians may subscribe for in (ants None but resident natives of Great Britain to be nominees of nanver Affidavit to be made of the age, etc. of the nominee, if upwards of: years, upon delivery of certificates to the auditor; which affidavit? znd certificates are to be filed by the auditor, as his warrant for making ou: orders for annuities: or copies of the register of the birth of the near nee, certified by the minister and churchwardens and overseers, or twj j other principal inhabitants, aforesaid, by two credible witnesses, on oath of one, to be produced as a warrant to the auditor for the like purpcit. No see or stamp duty to be paid for registers, oaths, or certificate, in Great Britain. Regulation! reflecting the certificates of nominee re fnlent in foreign parts. A certificate to be produced to the auditor, containing the name, surname, addition, and place of abode of the nominee, and the age, and other descriptions to ascertain such nominee, under the hand of the governor or deputy governor of the settlement, where such nominee lives at the time; and if resident in any kingdom in Europe, under the dominion of any prince in amity with hi Mucky, then such contributors or their agents to produce such certificate under the hand of the British minister, resident in the place where such nominee lives; or if such nominee lives in any other part beyond the seat, where no British governor or minister shall be resident, such contributors to annex to every certificate an affidavit or affirmation, made before a tnron of the exchequer at Westminster, of the truth of such certificate, which being filed, to be a sufficient warrant to make out the order, ar j delivering the same to such contributor, and no see or stamp duty for the same. Persons guilty of perjury to be transported. If certificates are delivered to the auditor with fa!f« indorsements of the age of nominees, subscriptions to be forfeited. Orders for annuities to be made out in five clafies, as before mentioned. Nominee of the age of to, or upwards, may be placed in the first class. Annuities falling in by death to be divided among the survivors in the dass till each receives jcocl. per share. Books to be kept in the offices of the auditor and clerk of the pells, for entering the names of annuitants. Money Jog payment nt annuities to be applied out of the consolidated fund. Annuitiesany be assigned. Certificates of the minister and churchwardens, of the life of nominees resident in Great Britain, or oath of the fact, to be produced j on application for annuities. > No see or lamp duty to be paid for such certificates or oaths, which are to be filed by the auditor. Certificate 1 of the lives of nominees resident in Ireland, or foreign parts, are jo see Touched under the hand of a baron of the exchequer there, Upoa proof I to him on oath, in a summary way, of the nominee's being tmqgfind if the nominee be resident beyond the seas in the king's^dqg\q^ns^ by

certificate from the governor of the settlement, of jujt

[ 7&9o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42, 43.

mmmlian be living at the time when each half yearly annuity Mltfccof five; and in case of residence in any part of Europe in amity mfihwd! to produce a certificate under the hand of the British mini mmft She manner, and no see to be taken; and if resident where no iht^fovernor or minister, a certificate under the hand of the chief fiulfthtt lltest, in like manner. Every person producing a certificate blrfmtym^nt of an annuity, to annex thereto an affidavit, made before a idran of the exchequer. Nominees applying for annuities, may be re [flhtd to prove their identity upon oath. Certificates, etc. to be filed nr the auditor, for which no fee shall be taken or stamp duty paid. hmbfts receiving annuities after the death of nominees, to forfeit the Mte; m.d. cool. Contributors to certify the deaths of nominees to the radltor; wftbih a month after knowing of such deaths, etc. on penalty etc. Annuities to be free from taxes, and deemed personal estate. [f'fidihhties are'not demanded until within 40 days before two years haff have become dne; and if no certificate of the lives of the nominees ftfapl be produced, such annuities to be divided among the survivora of thedsfs, until Each certificate be produced, etc. An account to be made »f?!ftflf year1y of the nominees who have died, and of the persons who inm not demanded annuities for % years. On oath being made that itlhineci.vhofe certificates have not been procured, are abroad, and ma there is reason to believe such certificates may be obtained in a restfoohble time, and on certificate from a baron of the exchequer, that t probable the nominees were living, the auditor to set apart the

umfttitkt on such lives, and pay them on the production of certificates MB limited time, etc. Treasury may direct ntw orders to be made out mufeu of such as may be lost, etc. Persons fcrging or altering registers, mb. or personating the proprietor of any order, or any nominee, to suffer ififitti as felons. Treasury to print and publish on May o, 179), and so rafllfy, a list of the nominees, etc. to be distributed among the persons nttttra to annuities. Officers of the exchequer taking fees to forfeit sol. HU mtikpplying money, to be incapacitated, etc. Officers paying annui tstompon forced certificates, unknowingly, not to incur any penalty. Oft ftcpoqb brought for anything done in pursuance of this act, general hrftnily be pleacted, and special matter given in evidence, and if a verdict'for the defendant or the plaintiff discontinue, or be nonsuited, or judgement against him, the defendant to have treble costs.

; avj XLII

Ah' act for applying' the Yufn cf ohd thousand pounds out of the unex whfted balance or surplui'ahftrig frohv the forfeited estates in North ftmha, towafts cotfcpletfng hnd fittifhipg the bridge over the Pees or 'frdtdf Oockbffriifjpath, in the coufaty of Berwick.

a€kv7 Ge. 3. for repairing the roata from Berwick upon Tweed to owebomfpafh' tower, recited Great progress made. Road from Berwick to Dongias bridge, the ptift road along the seacoast. Making ikhroad and building the bridge otfcr the Pals of the Pees been attended great difficulty schd experite. Ad 14 Geo. 3. for the forfeited tfctta of Scotland rb'be putunder trustees, recited. After the appli cabbwf directed, a batance remains unapplied. Finishing the bridge is a w&ffc of utility. Barons of Exchequer i in powered to dtred the nun of rttol €0 be paid out of the bktanqe to the trustees of the road.

1

CAP. XLIII.

jtoad for altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the their t, fteotb year of the reign of hi*present Majesty, entitled, An act for deepening, cleansing, and makiqg more commodious, the harbours of.; fie town of Greenock; for Supplying the inhabkants with fresh and t.£okfome water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching fse facets and other public places within the said tpwn.

vols XXXVI Tt 13 Geo. 3.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 44, 45. f 1789,

13 Geo. 3. C a8. mentioned in the title, recited. Rate granted 6? former ait to cease, and others to be levied in lien, beside theferacr duties. All stops, vessels, barks, lighters, and boats, coming or gio*

ing out of the port of Greenock, to pay rd. 3q. per tonne coming iiiywd the like on going out. Ships, cof Great Britain, Ireland, or the British plantations, coming from any other part of Great Britain or Ireland, to pay id. per tonne inwards and outwards; and foreign ships, C coming from foreign parts, to pay 3d. aq, per tonne inwards, and also outwards: and all foreign ships, etc. coming from other part of Great Britain or Ireland, to pay id. per tonne, inwards and outwards. V'tfpds loaded with coals for the use of the town exempted. Matter of veisfeb not exceeding 30 nor less than 15 tonnes, may compound. Persons fullering goods to remain on the quays above forty-eight hoars, to pay wharfage. Rates to continue until trustees have raised a further fan of aooool. and then rates to cease. Magistrates directed to act in extorting the act, and declaring it to be public.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for paving the footways of the several streets, public paf&get, and places, within the town of Chelmsford, and hamlet of mcnikbta, in the parish of Chelmsford, in the county of eftex; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the said town and hamlet; and for removing and preventing nuifancet, annoyances, and incroachmenta therein.

The footways to be paved, etc. and the usual clauses inserted for that purpose. Stallions not to be shown in the street. Rates not more than is. per pound on rents, according to the poor's rate, one fourth by the landlord, and the other by the tenant. Gaols and other public m»h ings to pay 6d.peryard per ann. Lands, tythei and empty houses, exempt from rates, and all houses beyond Elizabeth blencowc's, the end of New Street, the Anchor in mouuham, and beyond William john's hotrfein Baddow Lane, not to be charged with rates. To raise i, ioot. by inanities for life, at 10 percent, on security of rates by argument, as nen, tioned. None to bathe in the river near the public roads on penalty of 58. each offence. Not to diminish the sight of the lords of the manors of Chelmsford and Moulfham.

CAP. XLV.

An act for amending and continuing, for a limited time an act made in the la ft session of parliament, entitled, An act for discontinuisg, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wises and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in j lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of britiftt t made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty fixlhjtir of the reign of his present Majesty "discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wine and spiritx forborn consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited (uncertain imp oft a and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; " and to revive and continue the said latt mentioned act.

a8 Geo. 3. c. 46. in the title mentioned, and part ofclaufeda, andetariet 63, 64, and 6s, recited, and repealed. Permits to be allowed reftifim at the rate of 141 gallons for every 100 gallons of raw British spirits. Officers to take an account of the stock of rectifiers, in the manner herein specified; and if any excess in the quantity be found, ft may befrited.

If reftifiers sell spirits of a greater strength than one in six under hydrometer proof, they may be seized, with the vessele, dec. If any put of the allowance granted by thin aft shall appear not to have been ufedtit shall be Ukeu from the reftitier's credit, 2$ Geo. 3. c. 4d. ciatlfes 79 and

- Q, rc

1789^ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 4 ij

incited, and repealed. Duties imposed by 17 Geo. 3. c. 13. on wash spfcdc in eogl^od for extracting spirita for home consumption, to be con llw.to.jtt|jr; 5j 1790. a6 Geo. 3. c. 73* except where repugnant to 9$jgeo. 3. C 46. and the latter ad, except such parts as are hereby re p$tfed> to be revived, and continued till July 5, 1790.

r; CAP XLVI

jkaftfor preventing the wilfully burning or destroying/hips, and the Wilfully and maliciously destroying any woollen, Jilt, linen, or cotton goods, or any implements prepared for or used in the manufacture thereof, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, whether an act, made in the Preamble;

fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, for inflicting the punishment of death on such as shall wilfully Geo. r. burn or destroy ships; and another act, made in the eleventh year of cia

Kcign of his said majesty King George the Firjiy for explaining n Geo. X mending the same; and an act, modem the twenty jccor.dyear C9 ipresent Majesty, for punching persons wilfully and malici aa Geo. 3. ouffly destroy in g any woollen, (ilk, linen, or cotton goods, or C 40,

?y implements prepared for or used in the manufacture thereof,

(Ktend to that part pfgrtat Britain called Scotland, or in what mapner, and to what extent, persons guilty of the said crimes may be ioxvifted and punished there; may it therefore please yooir Majesty to it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's mot qjcellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ks fpimual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if After Sept. rf ariv owner of, or captain, mailer, officer, or mariner belonging I7g9* any io iny ship or vessel shall, after the first day of September in the ^ftro^ingany year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, wilfully cast vessel, with away, burn, or otherwise destroy, the ship or vessel of which he is intent to deowner, or to which he belongeth, or in any wise direeft or procureiaud u" der the same to be done, with intent or design to prejudice any per bdngc*

(on or persons that hath or shall underwrite any policy or poli thereof con

Sof insurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that videdinscot joad goods therein, or of any owner or owners of such ship land to suffer or vessel, the person or persons offending therein, being thereof dcat*lawfully convicted before any court competent to the trial of^crimes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer death, as in other cases of capital crimes.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any as also per person or persons shall, after the first day of September in the year fone entering one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, by day or by night, a^house break into any house or (hop, or enter by force into any house with an in or (hop, with intent to cut or destroy any serge or other woollen tenttodeftrojr goods in the loom, or any tools emplctyed m making thereof, an^w°ollin or (Jiall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such serges j^om8 C or wroollen goods in the loom or on the rack, or shall burn, cut, 'or destroy any rack on which any such serges or other woollen goods are hanged in order to dry, or shall wilfully and maliciously' break or destroy any tools used in the making any such serges or other woollen goods, not having the consent of the

TT 2 owner

n

'i -. - r'.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 47. 11789.

owner To to do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully eoor vicied, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandi bewe rte court of justiciary, or any circuit court, shall suffer death, afa, other cases of capital crimes.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority baforeiaki, and Likewise That if any person or persons shall, after the first day of srptem ^nterin01" er onc t^ou^an<^even hundred and eighty nine, by day or by intotny night, break into any house or (hop, or enter by force into any house with house or (hop, with intent to cut or destroy any velvet, wrought an intent to fllk9 or silk mixed with any other materials, or other silk maou veliet^&c^in ^a<^urc n l^c l°om>or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or uten the loom n or shah wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any velvet, etc.; 9wrought (ilk, or silk mixed with any other materials, or other

silk manufacture in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utensils prepared or employed in or for the making thereof, or shall wilfully or maliciously break or destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils used in or for the weaving or maktogef any such velvet, wrought silks, or fiiks mixed with any other materials, or other (ilk goods, or silk manufacture, not h*vng the consent of the owner so to do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that part of Grmt Britain called Scotland, shall suffer death, as in other cases of capital crimes.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

and also per That if any person or persons shall, by day or by night, after f°n0 f? 5ntrr' the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eigfity infantto de n*nc* ^>rca*c into any house or (hop, or enter by force into any house stroy any LI or (hop, with intent to cut and.destroy any linen or cotton pr pen or cotton linen and cotton mixed with any other materials, or other iioen in the loom. or cotton manufactures in the loom, or any warp or (hute, took, clc* tackle, or utensils, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or deffnir

any linen or cotton, or linen or cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen and cotton manufacture, in the Jooa, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, and utensils prepared for or employed in the making thereof, or shall wilfully and qaalid ously break and destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils uted m or for the carding, spinning, weaving, preparing, 'or making, in any way whatever, any such linen or cotton, or linen or com mixed with any other materials, or other linen and cotton'gopds, or linen and cotton manufactures whatsoever, not having die consent of the owner so to do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that part of Green Beiak1 called Scotland, shall suffer death as in other cases of ca^rtai crimes. '

CAP. XLVII.

An act for providing an additional burial ground for the parishef Sent James, Westminster, and erecting a chapel adjoining thereto, anda house for the residence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

Burial ground of the parish of Saint James, Westminster, is not firfs ciently large, have agreed with Charles lord Southampton for ground in the parish of Saint Pancras. The ground containing acres, part of - the

' gqogle

*7*9-3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 48.

C bride field belonging to lord Southampton, lying eastwarti of, and

[Public act.]

ld)iimiqg to, the turnpike road, from Tottenham Court Road towards mmjm6a4> 4*0 yards from Islington turnpike road. trustee appoint a, Tpc reftor, and senior churchwarden of Saint Jamet, the trustcea F tile reboot and chapel, in King Street, near Golden Square. Trustees iso appoint treasurerand clerk, etc. and take security from their treasurer, land to cause the ground to he enclosed with a brick wall ten feet high, and to erect a chapel and house, etc. for residences of the clergy roan and clerk and sexton. A pew and vault to be made for lord Southampton, fete.; and a pew for the minister. The ground to be exempt from taxes to Smut Pancras parish. Annual iumt to be paid to lord Southampton, 'and others, looi. per ann. relit. To the senior churchwarden of pan cras si. 108, to the appropriator, ie. sd. for tithes, to the vicar of Pancras, XL 18. to be paid quarterly. Parishioner* of Saint Pancras not to be churched or christened in the new chape), without consent of the 'vtear; and additional fees to be paid for burial of parishioners of Saint Pancras in the new burial ground, and to be accounted for to the vicar, afic. Fees, See. laved to the reftor ani churchwardens of Saint James. Th? rest of the pews to be let by the trustees. Burial fees to the churchwardens to be paid to the trustees, and the application of the same, and the rents of the pews, directed. Power to borrow money at interest, and to ttflign the rents of the pews as a security, which may be transferred. Burial ground and chapel to be consecrated* and ministers, clerks, and fextons, to be nominated by the reftor of the parish of Saint James. If anything alleged by the trustees against ministers, others to be nominated. Overplus money to be applied in educating poor children. Proceedings of trustees to be entered in a book. Expenses of to be paid out of the first money received.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for constituting the church of Saint Giles, in the parish of ponte hast, in the county of York, the parish church; and for other purposes.

[Public act.]

The church of All Saints tn Pontefract, called The Old Church, being in astate of absolute ruin. Saint giles's church hath been used as the parish church, and repaired by an assessment on the whole parish, and is now in want of considerable repairs, and a doubt hath arisen who are liable to repair the same; and the parishioners being unable to rebuild the old church, Saint giles's to be the parish church. That Edwin Lascelles «fb; the patron, the reftor, and the vicar of the parish to be the patron, rector, and vicar of Saint giles's. The old church yard to continue the burial ground, and part of the old church to be fitted up for performing the burial service, to be paid by the inhabitants of Knottingley, in lieu Of church rates, tool, by instalments before a 5 of March, 1793, and nl. sos. per ann. for ever. Power to recover arrears of church rates, and to rotate Saint giles's church, and to take down the steeple, and erect a new one. xooool. to be raised by granting of annuities, which may be aliened. The present vicarage nouse, and certain glebe lands, about 7 acres in the parish of Darrington, and a small parcel in High Bailygate, may be sold with consent of the Archbishop of York, John Persect, esq; god Christopher Mann Torre, M. D. Money arising by sale of the vicarage house and glebe, to be applied in purchasing a new vicarage house. jbfyins nay be published and matrimony solemnised, in Knottingley chip!. Fees. For banns, 3 times, is. to the rainifter. For marriage by banns, to the minister, as. 6d.; to the clerk, is. Marriage by licepee, to the minister, 5s.; to the clerk, as. 6d.; and also to the vicar, clerk, and sexton of the parish, the ancient sees, viz. For banns, 3 times, is. For imuliagfe by banns, the vicar, as. 6d.; the clerk, is. 3d.; sexton, 6d. Mahiage by licence, vicar, 10s.; clerk, as. 6d.; sexton, is. Inhabitants: tf&nottt0gley to support the chapel, C

T t 3 CAP.

ic J 4 V*ij,

624 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 49.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rata and dsefir. upon horses and carriages with four wheels; and far explaudsg and amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth jear of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or thru vjkeeh, therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have refbtved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional rates and % duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbfy beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King'^ most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of From July the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thou fow?ne^fddi anc even hundred and eighty nine, the several additional tionai annual duties herein after mentioned shall be charged, raised levied, dutiei to be and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughoar paid; viz ihe kingdom of Great Britain \ that is to say.

Where two horses are kept for riding, or for drawing any coach, C 5s. for one of them;

where three, four, or five are kept, 78. 6d. for each exceeding one;

and where six or more are kept, ios. for each exceeding one.

That every person who shall keep and use two horses, marts, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calaflt, chaise, or any other carriage, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty heretofore under the management of the commissionen of excise, and now transferred to and under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, is payable, by whatsoever name such carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with an additional annual duty of five Shillings for one of such horses, mares, or geldiogs: That every person who shall keep and use three, four, or five horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or drawing any such coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaifc, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name or names such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with, an additional annual duty of seven Shillings and sixpence for each such horse, at are, or gelding, exceeding the number of one:

That every person who shall keep and use six or more horses, mares, or geldings, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise, or other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name or names such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with and pay an additional annual duty of ten Shillings for each such horse, ofere, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49. 625

That every person who shall keep one coach, Berlin, landau, Where one chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or cara coach, or vin, for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, other than and except such carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter wheel?, is ritey by law be licensed by his majesty's of for ma kept, hack ageing the duties on hackney coaches, shall be charged with ncy coaches and pay an additional yearly sum of twenty Shillings, in respectc excepted)aos. of such one coach or carriage as aforesaid:

That every person who shall keep two coaches, Berlins, Where two landaus, chariots, calasties, chaise marines, chaifcs^with four kepv, Vo*, wheels, or caravans, or two of any such carriages, for his or her for one, 'and*own use, or to be let out to hire, other than and except such 40s. for the carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter may by law be other; licensed by his majesty's of for managing the duties Oh hackney coaches, shall be charged with an additional annual ifaty'of twenty Shillings for one of such carriages, and an addi tlbnal yearly sum of two pounds for every other of such carriages:

That every person who shall keep three or more coaches, and where berlins, landaus, chariots, calashes, chaise marines, chaises with three or more four wheels, or caravans, or three or more of any such car one*amt' rlages, for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, other 3l. fort'ach of tslan and except such as are already licensed, or hereafter may the others, fey law be licensed by the commissioners for managing the duties on hackney coaches, shall be charged with and pay an act ditional yearly sum of twenty Shillings for one of such carriages, artd an additional yearly sum of three pounds for every other of such carriages.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and it is the true intent and meaning of this act, That the said several yearly Turns Duties to be Rfcreby respectively charged upon horses and carriages as afore paid in addi jkid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition to any for £*°former iher duties charged upon horses and carriages, and now placed9ttftder the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes: provided also, That no duty shall be imposed assessed, or but not to ex fivied by virtue of this act, for or in respect of any horse, mare, tempted C of gelding, not liable to the duty imposed on hoifes, mares, from £uty by ttrfd geldings, by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the Geo. 3.

of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his 3* or any Majesty certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding; and le<lucnt on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty if excise is made payable; but that every horse, mare, or gelding, exempted therefrom, either by the said actor any Jbbfcquent act relating thereto, shall also be exempted from the jwtditional duties by this at imposed; thing herein before Contained to the contrary notwithstanding

*And whereas doubts have arisen on whom the duties imposed tb the said afi of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present afajefyshould be chargeable in respect of horses let out by the year, monthy or other period, for the purpose of drawing any coach, ierlin> landau chariot, calash, chaise or any other carriage herein

T 14 before

626 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. ct>4$p rft&'l1

Duties im before enumerated, be it enacted, That in every such ssife<tbr I'

pofedby fai<) duties, together with thofie imposed by virtue rpf 1 i

andm^thit be deemed an taken to be chargeable on, and paki bytbe I

aa, on horses person or persons respectively by whom such borfeaihalj behind I let out Hythe and used '

yearfordraw

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the sturhrity I ing coaches, aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or hie 1 by the hhers! con^rucd to extend, to charge with the said additions! rates or 1 Additional*duties on carriages by this act imposed, any coach, berlin, ha duties not to dau, chafiot, calalh, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels or extend to caravan, let to hire for the purpose of travelling pod for a day, carriage? let or any left period of time, or by the mile, or from stageto fcage, by any peftmaster, innkeeper, or other person duly licensed to person LI Y let post horses by the said of for managing the do cenfeff to let ties charged on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, and post horses. whereon the name and place of abode of the person io ikeased shall be marked or painted, according to the directtoos of the act in that case made and provided $ anything herdn«bd»e co tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And whereas; by the said act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled and provided That every person exercising the trade and business of an Jborfe dealer m.d. who Should take cut a licence to use and extreife the find trade and business, (to be granted by any two or more of the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum parchment ani paper, or same person duly authorised by them)*Should be exempted from the dmtia granted by the said aq in respect of any horse* mare, or gelding fc longing to and kept for sale and not for hire in the fables of Jntb dealer in horses licensed in pursuance of that alt: end whereas tie said of of the stamp duties are not prohibited by the food ad from granting licences to any person or persons applying for the same although such person or persons may not actually exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer within the intent and meaning of the find be it therefore further enacted by the authority a&re&id, From July 5, That from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand i 1789, no LI seven hundred and eighty nine, it shall not be lawful for theftfd £ranted°to of, or for any person authorised by them, to gramme exercise the any licence or licences to any person or persons whatsoever, to business of a use and exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer, unkft horse dealer such person shall produce to the said of, or the per produdioit f on authorised by them, a declaration in writing, signed by him a declaration or respectively, that he or they doth or do seek his or their as herein living by buying and selling of horses, and shall, in the said de mentioned. claration, set forth the particular place and places where fudi trade and business is to be exercised and carried on; and every licence granted, or to be granted, to any person or persons other than to such as shall feck hrs or their living by buying and fetfing horses, shall be wholly void and of no effect; anything in the T. said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.,

ers keep born ^urther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

fes for riding if the several persons to be appointed assessors under the audio

rity

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49. 627

rityix>£the ftritf'several acts, orany of them, (Haft, Upon due ex or drawing, aadaatiun, 'find that any person to whom a licence to exerciseand neglect to ihsitiwdetaad fcofiness of an horse dealer hath been granted, doth Pve, n at?ft kdep and ufc any horse or horses for the purpofrof riding, or, jjl For the purpose of drawing any such carriage aforesaid, and not charge the focsale, within the limitk of the places for which such assessors duty for such are to ad; and such person so licensed shall, upon due notice " "her, a hairing been given, neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and Jeliver, according to the directions of the said act of the twenty )earn arc sir nfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, a true list in wnt* kept, ngof the number of such horses so kept and uied by him or her within such limits as aforesaid, liable to the said several duties on horses, or shall omit any such horse or horses in such list, then Such afteilbr or assessors shall be at liberty, and he and they is and anerhereby respectively required from the best information he of they can obtain, to make a true assessment upon such person o licensed, and to charge him or her for and in respect of the real number of horses which shall be kept and used by him or her for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such carriage as aforesaid, notwithstanding such licence to him or her so granted, or anything in this or the said recited acts contained to the contrary thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties by this act granted as aforesaid, shall Duties to be be paid quarterly, on the four most usual days of payment of P'? such duties in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of payment

the £ftb'day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of on oft. 10* d&abxr, in every year, by equal portions; the first payment 1789* thereupon to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty*nine.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the money arising Duties to be

by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of raising Pad 'nfo the andtaccouming for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, £*iried be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer atto the conferee?

and the said money, so paid into the Said receipt of the ex iidated fund, rhtquer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the

ru nd called The Consolidated Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the new duties charged Duties to he by this act on horses and on carriages shall be assessed, raised, raised.ac.ac evied, collected, and received by such persons, in such and the dfreftions of like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under5 Geo. j. Such penalties, 'forfeitures, and disabilities, and with such power C 47, etc.

For recovering and enforcing the same, and according to such

rulcfc, mqfhods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for affirising, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, thef sonner duties on horses and carriages respectively, by an act marge in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act fortramferring the receipt and management

of certain, duties therein mentioned, from the of

an A the'eotkmissioners of stamps respectively, to the of for

bf affbin.oftaxes\ and also for making further provisions in respect

if

628 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

of the said duties so tran sferredy or by any other act or as theral recited or referred to, or by any other law now in force relaim to his majesty's revenues upon houses, windows, and ligftti, el either of them, and which by the hid act of the twenty fftil year of his present Majesty, or by any subsequent act, is mdcl applicable or referrable to the said former duties on horsesandl carriages, or either of them; and a! the powers, authorities, 1 rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and I things, now in force, contained in the said at of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, or in any act or acts therein re!»or referred to, relative to the duties on horses and carriages,

or either of them, or in any subsequent act relating thereto, for assessing, raising, levying, and paying, the rates and duties by tbs said acts, or any of them, granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed and practised and put in execution, throaghoc: the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for assessing, raising, ievr ing, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act directed, r fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, (so far as fed provisions shall be applicable to the said duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this act), as if all and every the ftd powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of jhis act.

The commis X And be it further enacted, That, for the better execution sioners for^of tis ac an(j for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and cution^a<ftc*5- Pay, ng> the duties hereby granted, the of authorised Geo. 3. to put or appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed hereafter this in execu for putting in execution the said herein before mentioned act of tien.and to the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, concerning the said meeting cm duties on horses and carriages in that act mentioned, or any July 10, 1789; duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for putting in exaction this present act, and the powers herein contained, in all the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, ciihpfc ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed respectively, within Great Britain; and the said commissioners, in order to the speedy execution of this act, and forthepur pose of levying the duties by this act imposed, shall, in their respective counties, Ihires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, in which they are or Hull be appointed of respectively, meet for the first time on or before the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and afterwards in like manner meet yearly and every year, at such day s or times as the said of for the time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting, the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the before mentioned at, or any of them, with respect to the

rates

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

rates and duties thereby imposed, except in such cases in which any alteration is made in this act,

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by my neglect or default there shall not have been a meeting of the said of, and a due execution of the several powers by this or the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty created, within or at the time or times, or according to the manner or circumstances directed or prescribed in and by the present or the said act of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said of; r any two or more of them, in all the counties, shires, stewar tries ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places in Great Britain respectively, wherein such default shall have happened, to meet at any other time or times, and from time to time as there shall be occasion; and such of are hereby reqpired, as loon as may be after the time or times so preferred, to meet in order to execute the said powers; and such commissioners are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as (bon as may be, after the time or times at which such meeting shall have been held according to the directions of this present act, to execute the same and the powers therein contained, so as the said rates and duties charged by this act be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses in this act mentioned, notwithstanding any such omission or defect*all such meetings and acts or the said of, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no per foa shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers herein contained, (except in ad ministering the oath ot qualification herein expressed), until he shall have first taken, besides the several oaths required to be taken by any other act or acts of parliament, an oath in the following manner; that is to say,

I A. B; do sweary That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissionery and will determine all appeals which shall be brought before mey to the best of my skill and judgement, pursuant to the act of parliament in that behalf

So help me GOD.

Which 03th any two or more of the of in the county, Shire, city, or place, where the assessements is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall act as a commissioner for putting this act in execution (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such oath as aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said of

shall

629

and in default of their then meeting, any two may meet at any other time.

No commissioner to act till he has taken the following

oath.

on penalty of

iool.

Commissioners to give

notice to the

assessors of their appointment.

If no assessors are appointed, ortheyneglect their duty, the fnnreyors or inspectort under a5 Geo. 3. to act at assessors.

Such furrey ort and in spectorsto take the following

oath.

before they act, on penalty of tel.

Duties to be leried according to lists madeoutpur foant to S Gc6. 3.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

shall cause notice to be inserted in the precepta to be firofo tS31 to time directed by them to the inhabitants of parilfies within their respective districts or divisions, whom tfctly think fit to be presentors or assessors under the said before mid tioned a efts, or any of them, that such persons are alo appointed assessors of the additional duties on horses and carriages in ffihl ad contained. 1

XIV. Andy for that more effectually levying and colie Sling the Adm 1 imposed by this act9 be it further enacted, That if at any time there I shall be a neglect to appoint assessors for the said duties on bodes ] and carriages, or any the duties on houses, windows, and lights, under the management of the said of, or if theafief! fors appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this or the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, then, and in that case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, ip pointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said t of the twenty-fifth of his present Majesty, or any of the said a relative thereto, or to any of the duties on houses and windows or lights, thereby and therein referred to, and they are herd required to do and perform such and the like (entices as by thi ad is required of such assessors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, or any surveyor or icfpe&or hereby authorised to ad in the execution of the said office or*employment, shall take and subscribe, besides the oaths or fqlemn affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by assessors, by any other act or acts of parliament relative to Uc said duties, an oath, or, being one of the people called

a solemn affirmation, in the following form j (that is to lay),

I A.B. do fwetr9 (or affirm, as the case may require) Thai in the a£ejjment which I am required to male in pur Juana of the & of parliament, in that case made and provided I will a without feym or affe8ion9 and according to the bejt of my skill and knowledge,

So help toe GOD

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the comoaiffioo ers, in the county, Shire, stewartry, city, or place respedivdj where the assessments are to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person so appointed or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as assessor, surveyor, or in/pedor, shall presume to ad in the execution of the said office or employment before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case may be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the duties by thtitft granted shall and may, from time to time, be assessed, levied, and, paid according to such lids in writing of the number of horses carriages liable to the said duties, as shall be kept or tiled by

iny

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49. 631

' erjpn persons whatsoever, which shall from time to time Jtvcred to any such aflcflor or assessors, surveyor or fur ij lnfjpeftor or inspectprs respectively, in pursuance of the st of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, and ac^t^fig to the number of horses and carriages respectively con vtoed therein, unless such assessors, surveyors, or infjpeftors re unless omif af^qtively, shall find, upon due examination thereof, that any ^vcred^ and orjrp or horses, carriage or carriages, is or are omitted in such then^effbrt lists, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for are to make a assessors, surveyors, and inspectors respectively, and they surcharge. very and each of them shall and may, and they are hereby cqiiired to surcharge the same, and to make a true assessment every person keeping or using such horses and carriages,

fcording to, and under such rules and orders, regulations, penalties and allowances, as are in the said act of the twenty sftfc year of his present Majesty, or any act therein recited or rfercrred to, prescribed, anything herein contained to the con notwithstanding,

fyid be it further enacted, That the first assessment First assess ytx&le under this act, of the additional duties on horses and car "'enrobe riages hereby granted, shall be made for three quarters of a year, fourths of a ftqtn the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty year, from nitfe and afterwards the said assessments of the said duties shall July 5, 1789, be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year, and after

XVIII. And whereas by the before mentioned act of the twenty wards year fifth year of his present Majesty, it was, among other things, enacted,

That the yearly sum of three pounds ten shillings Should be paid for and upon every calafb, thatfe, or chair with two or three wheels, or by whatsoever name such carriages Should or might be called or knoum % to be drawn by one or more horses that Should be kept by or for any person or persons, for his or their use, or to be let out to hire: and whereas feverat carriages are constructed and used for the purposes of pleasure, and are entered and paid for as carts or carriages liable to a smaller duty, by virtue of an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty^ entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise, and the names of the proprietors or owners of tie said carriages are sometimesput thereon in order to evade the payment of the higher duties, granted to his Majesty by the before mentioned act of the twenty-fifth year of his present majesty's reign, greatly to the detriment of his majesty's revenue 5 be it therefore encted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every carriage Carriageswith or carriages with two or three wheels, by whatsoever name or twoorthree names such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or wrh5cij^ known to be drawn by one or more horses, which shall be used ^dnot" at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally for gtaehdfy used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the carriage of husbandry or goods wares, or merchandise, from place to place in the way of }.ra^.c»to trade, shall be deemed a carriage and carriages within the mean dutyimpsw ing of the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Ma by aj Ocq.

vjiock^lc

and if not so entered, the owners to forfeit 7l. for each;

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

jesty, and shall be entered and paid for accordingly; any or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time, any person or persons, to whom such carriage or carriages with two or three wheels as aforesaid shall belong, shall not have entered the same according to the rules, regulations, and directions contained in the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, or any act or acts therein recited or referred to, so far as the same shall be applicable to the duties on carriages with two and three wheels, such person or persons to whom such carriage or carriages shall belong, (kafi forfeit and pay the sum of seven pounds for every such carriage soused, over and above all expenses in prosecuting for the same, upon proof of the offence before one or more justice or joftira of the peace, either by the voluntary confession of the party, cr upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnessb; which oath the said justice or justices, to whom such informatics shall be given, are hereby authorised and required to admintfta; and in case of nonpayment, the said justice or justices are berekf also required to levy the said penalties by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feais of such justice or justices; and the overplus of the rooooey raised, after deducing the penalty and costs, and the expenses of distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and the said justice or justices shall pay one moiety of the said penalty to t U informer or informers, and the other moiety to the colkftorr appointed by the of authorised or appointed, or bat after to be authorised or appointed for putting in execution this present act, for the parish or place wherein the person or persons, to whom such carriage or carriages shall belong, shall reside, the said justice or justices shall render an account thereof ir. writing, dating the name and place of abode of such pokes respectively from whom the money has been so received, in order that the said of may see the same duly added to the assessment of the respective parish or place to which the lame may belong.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all constables, head boroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers, flu: ! and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execort such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in tint behalf, by the respective of hereby appointed, or any of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, xnolested, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this act,

[General issue.]

such person or persons shall and may plead the general iffur, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff, or plain tiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be

Y non

which may be levied by

disticf*.

Application of penalty.

Constables to afgfit in the execution of the act.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 50, 633

onsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, 1 or ieni; upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or de mdants shall have treble costs awarded him, her, or them, Treble costs. yamft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L

kab fa granting to his Majesty several additional ft amp duties on newspapers, advertisements, and on sards and dice.

Most gracious Sovereign,

HT7E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedb, the Preamble

f V commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to

ifrds raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's pub

ck expenses, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty

le duties herein aftermentioned; and do moult humbly beseech

Mir Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the

ikigfs most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con

Btdf the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

itfent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

liar, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven from Aug. 1,

undrtd and eighty nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, i

id paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for tional duties

leufeof his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and to be levied,

ities following; that is to say, yiz

Fbt and upon every newspaper, or paper containing public 0, 1 5WS, intelligence, or occurrence, printed in Great Britain to be hal sperfed or made public, whether the same be contained in penny:list sheet, or any less piece of paper, or in any paper larger an half a sheet, and not exceeding one whole sheet, upon ery sheet and half sheet thereof, there shall be charged, over td above all other rates and duties by any act of parliament im sedan additional duty of one halfpenny:

For every advertisement, to be contained in or published with ty newspaper or pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain anewfpaperor be dispersed or made public, over and above all other rates pamphlet, dx id duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an Iditional duty or sixpence:

For every pack of playing cards, made fit for sale or use in J? wry pack reat Britain, over and above the duties now payable thereon, of d: e sum of sixpence:

And for and upon every pair of dice, made fit for sale or use anon every Great Britain, over and above the duties now payable there*

this sum of two Shillings and sixpence: respective duties be pah! by the makers of such cards and dice respectively.

II Art! bd it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Duties to be r the*irtbreeffectual levying, collecting, and paying all the said wnderthema tle^ h^tein before granted, the same shall be under the go the commif. rnftfetrt, care, and management of the commissioners for the fioners of

time stamps.

aru>o: tkdin*j«mo g$o*6tx W. &>. [j.

time being appointed to manage the dutie* charged fmbpd

- vellum, parchment, afod paper, who, Or the major part nftfrpw,

- are hereby required andim powered to ctoplqy Jbc feaffiuyurf' ficers under theta lor that punpoie, and to'casucfetcvwat'flmnps

to be provided, to denote the said fever! addiuecui.^ntm u shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other cthmpaw ccflary to be done for putting this ad in execution, with wiwwu to the sud several rates and duties beneia befbee yanted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or she i part of them are authorised to put Inexecution any f concerning stamped paper, or cards, or dice -

'Provided alarays, and be it further enacted by the aatko whoway pro., rity aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of feaapaor fcuapl'to de mars upon nenyfpapers, and upon cards and dice, on which b uote the for - duties are, by several acts of parliament imposed*naer and the and may be lawful for the said corami (Aeon ers, instead ofdifliad additional stamps or marks to denote the several duties on thefpdmmf duties. papers, and on cards and dice charged therewith, Onpanfc,* they see occasion, one. new stamp to be provided to deweerthe former duties, and also the duties granted by thixw&^oabowy. such newspaper, and upon every pack of playingreattfe: and pm of dice, charged With the said several duties i.tiii 3i, r.

Paperliableto IV ilml hi II fnnlm rnsflnl by ihn nrhnrisj ufiaffefelj Till heftoiptbe au paper'able° the duties hereby charged an^amwfpamp, fore printed flwll, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or upon. upon, be brought to the head office for stampdog a

vellum, parchment and paper; and the said comnwffionejsj by themselves or by their officers employed under thetw, ballfefih with, upon demand made by any penoner periods fata tuuma time, damp or mark, as thisiaa directs, ray quantities dr pawns of paper as shall be brought to them for that purpwfe, theyt fohs so bringing the same paying to the receiver gbn&ral the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or cidric, thafe versl duties payble for the same by virtue of this act s -_ for y And be it further enacted by the authority xforafeid^thst mentofdurie*fm allowance shall be made, on present paysnept of (the on cards and said several duties on cards and dice, in such maimer as. by?any dice tn be former law relating to cards and dice is allowed.

made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority oforqsaid^thit

be'altcredmid the said of are hereby directcdwadaa

renewed. - thorised to provide and use to denote the several duties on daidi and dice, and on newspapers, shall and may be aheiwrpnwflfs newed front time to tftnc, in such manners any atjpdr&dwq*i under the management of the said commissionert, af)e, (fey'bay former: 1aw relating to stamped paper, directed te be aftcrecaod renewed; and that all persons who shall hare iofheir.«ftodj or possession any paper marked with anyftampormaise; befec the same shall have been so altered or renewed, or same being already stamped or marked with a fanp er irpl denoting any former duty, a new stamp is hereby diaefedtf robe impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance aojj^aidy former law relating to damped paper is, in likeca(&/diefted.

VII iw

vkclimo nono Georgii III. c. 50. ^5

jilaadwhereas the mating auowantes en the tone ahng of new ft pafk 1 / L unfm in the bands of the respebhe printers mid

fmt/ijsbrvw Wtomfei^ has been found injurious to that revenue; be qtniiitvefore further erased by rhc authority aforesaid, That, No allowance ftmm&nt after the said first day of August one thousand seven tobcmadefor iummifvd and eighty nine, it shall not be lawful for the said com nc^spaper?* jnmeoners, or their officers appointed by them, to canoel, or ciiffe to be cancelled, any stamps upon any copies or impressions tech newspapers as amrefeid, under pretence of their remain ktg'tmfoid in the hands of the printers, publishers, or proprietors thereof; nor to make any allowance on account of the same, or of the present payment of any of the said duties, other than such aie herein aner mentioned, any former law to the contrary flfeetvef not with (landing.

'rfs^fll And whereas it is nevertheless expedient to compensate, tbi ptasndrr^puuijbersj and proprietors of such newspapers, for the left itaaynkty happen on damaged newspapers, or in printing of more copies aftikmfpapers than may be sold; be it further enacted by the au >(harfiy aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August but an abate mam thoo&nd seven hundred and eighty nine, the said commis mc5l fiqnfers shall allow and pay, to every person who shall bring at of 4lf?n any one time to the head office of stamps to be stamped, or buy I00l. on ofthcfeid of, or their agents, at the said head office, ing at one paper stamped with the respective duties on newspapers, that 0P

jdufaaa whereof shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or up wakxb, at and after the rate of four pounds in the hundred i*olands* upon present payment of the said duties upon the said (fepftr, to by them brought or bought of the said of; iwtih h allowance, at and after the rate aforesaid, shall be in lieu aftdktnstead of all former allowances directed to be made by any fanner act or acts of parliament whatsoever

whereas an usage prevails amongst tke hawkers of newft ptpeh and other perfam, instead of selling the newspapers, to let out the same for small sums to be read by different persons, whereby the foes newspapers is greath obstruqed \ be it therefore further en

st&dd by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Hawkers jet fi^day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, tins outs^i' if any hawker of any newspaper, or other person, shall let out aft newspaper for hire to any person or persons, or to different 5*pcftins, r from house to house, he, she, or they so offending. tell forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and ap^tedasany other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered and anftkftd by any law now in force relating to the duties on stamped tmdt parchment, and paper.

xck^ And whereas by an atl> made in the fifth year of the reign of

bttffafenomejesty, entitled, An act for altering the stamp duties rcciu<1. wjfabjdaanffiun* into corporations or companies, and for further atefafa^nd improving the stamp duties in Great Britain, recit*

tejtftm ftxsersd suts of parliament relating to thejiamp duties, the onesmfi*act itt the thirtieth year of thereign of his late Jfr*

'&<*£ the Smoted, and tbt other thereof made in the fetend year of>v3o».ftxxxvi. Uu bit

V VI

recited act, for payment of the duties on advertise rnents.

636: Agnopno qeq^ij If

hupyefint Adajffy? qt sat fa printers pupl^/hers^' "

('Jvc proprietors of nnyjpdpers % and qttyr papers andpd*?lilfllu

subject and liable to the duties on advertisements whfreay^ happened to the revenue; it was thereby inched, That the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and they the commissioners of the fiamp da ties, nor any person. e/np$gy£ by them, Jkouldjell or deliver any stamped paper Jor prlntjqg enj pamphlet, or any publick news intelligence or occurrences to be ^rqoinu in any one Jbeet or any lesser piece of paper, unless the person^dpplym for the same shouldfirst give security to his Majesty for the pemkentq the duties for fa advertisements which Should be printed therein or thereupon: and whereas the provision contained in the said a6 is Mot sufficient for fa security of the said duty on advertisements; it Proprietor therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first day of A Swars?^ one ouan seven hundred and eighty nine, no printer or security re publisher of any newspaper now printed or published, or which qairedbythe may hereafter be printed or published, in which any adverttfe ments, liable to the several duties by this or any forpricv, a dr acts imposed, shall belnferted, hall receive from. missioners, or any person or period employed by the; 4U>' stamped paper for printing any such Intelligence or 0c^pirm|^ thereon, until the proprietor or proprietors iqrerested^ paper, or such.and so many of the said proprietors as are id the judgement of the said of, or any three oripvt)eot them, of sufficient ability to answer the said duties pay^bk oa advertisements, shall join in the security directed to befgjveabjf the said herein before recited al of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for the punctual payment of the said duties, paye on such advertisements at the respective times in that act ap !f advertise pointed; and in case any printer or publisher shall print or pub print^dbefore h. or cause to be printed or published, any adver«f«ie^ such security anyuc^ newspaper, before he mall have delivered 40 itye, name be given, the or names of such proprietor or proprietors, and such progric^ir printer or or proprietors, or so many of them, as the said cpipmimope^ forfeit rr? all ^eein necessary, shall have gjiven security to or CI 500. heirs ancj successors, for the payment of the feyera^. duties payable on advertisements which shall be printed Of

thereupon, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the f^o> of'ijrc

hundred pounds.,

XI. And in order fa more effectually to compel thctpff^fntdoi arrears of the said duties on advertisements as they Jhatl yefp^lvefy from time to time arise and grow duey be it Further ena^e^vltiat the said of, from time to time, as often as.fnej^id duties paj^able for advertisements shall be in arrear and itfipaad, for the space of thirty days after the printing pr ppblfcatw thereof, shall cause to be delivered oath printer or count thereof such newspaper'left at the most usual house or far

b The com n Pr, n, ns such newspaper, a true account in-

rniflionermo fams of money which shall from time to time "

the printer or and fre claimtd'by the said of to be duomj^y^, ^pubh(hcr, who such advertisements ^iflinguishing tbcriia the

If the duties on advertisements be unpaid for 30 days, an ac

a9m<^vifccsimo nona geonfciruf. C go. 637

; f thereof; and the said proprietory printers, forthwith

iri3^aufffn^lrs of such newspapers respectively are hereby re° pavlhc delivery of any such account, forthwith to pay amc*

: G' the'(ala commi fl] on e rs, or to such person or persons as are d^oyed by them, the amount of the duties contained in such tfccmiltt! provided nevertheless, if it shall appear on the settle the said accounts before the said of, that flatter contained in such newspaper has been charged j2th f\ich^duty, which shall not be chargeable therewith, the m'commissioners are required, to allow the same to the said toprietprs, printers, and publishers respectively, and to Arike n foycharge out of the said accounts.

: And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Hut all arrears of the said duties remaining unsettled for the and if not jftcepf ten days after any such account in writing shall be deliftt, ciin 10 and may be sued for in his majesty's court of exche r

ay?rr, by action of debt or information, in the sued for in^majeay's attorney general, or solicitor general, in theexebe* protection, wager of law, nor more than onewt* V lasrcc,: Atall be allowed; and upon every such action or in,

!dna Capias in the sir A process shall and may issue, spe afaount of the duties sued for; and the said proprie

'and printers respectively, against whom such information shall be brought, shall be obliged to give ^pof'security to the amount of the duties sued for, (an affidavit hlm^f being fira made and filed in the said court), by natural iciftsubjects, persons naturalised, or denizens, to the person or er^to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the wftoort, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such lutoripvolecurion, and shall likewise, at the time of such appear n, j^fc.sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, i^eiald cbprt, to answer and pay the condemnation money in Vhe said duties, or to yield his, her, or their body or

tfjpsmir.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, zhv person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Perfqqs coan* or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, to resemble 2, rfc, tins njftifflap, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by thisdeath, r any former act of parliament relating to the duties on cards D duje^ br newspapers, for the purpose of denoting the duties y^or'ipy such former act of parliament granted, or shall odrorar or fefemble the imptession of the lame, with an in

mi^f6 relfcaud his majeay, his heirs or successors, of any of the 'or shall utter, Vend, or sell any paper, or any cards,

apers, liable to any Aamp duty, with such coun r tr^ark thereupon, knowing the same to be coun? trflfftprivately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp, pr fot^abreoeibr allowed to be used by this or any such former dfchrsm to the said amp duties, with intent

his heirs and successors, of any of th? wiry person so offending, and being thereof iaw

to

fully

Power ofiv' former ah, f not hereby altered, to

Duties to be

paid to the receiver neral of stamps, and.

Anna videfitoo^itond Gcoraistfitt; ©358.

fully ctoviftsets, thrill «fd}udged'#tffc^ttm

4b trf'«lfiss Offafony}* Without bwbfaldfbcftlrgy; '> >^nro b;

' xiv.artd be it; fbft her: ewafttds &yt* atftheoitytderduil, 'That all powcrsv provisions, wtfftesv'dabfet.^uahmtdlindtar. feieotts, and distribotions of penalties snd fbefafttiresy^sdaft orber matters and things prescribed or appointed ^tai^minr eirt^'tothia aft or aft a of parliament, relating to the done airdtidt^ fttt, ad. and newspapers, and not hereby altered, ftttllbe tfmmcttiil

;" effect, with relation to the additional and new rates and dotiet hereby imposed, and shall be applied and pat in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said(addtrieml and new rates and duties; according to the maw intent and meaning of this act, asfulty, to all intents and purpolfejvf if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re editftk!

*'with relation to the said additional and new rates and duties"'

XV. And be it further enacted by the authdfitvrttfowfim,

That the several duties herein before granted shall be pilfftoai litne to time into the hands of the reveiver gertfcfalftfr rho'tiee 'being of the duties on stamped vellum, parch nfwntv*ndfjpp!r)

who shall pay the same (the neoeffarychorges ofraiifiligppajfiaj,

carried to the and accounting for the same, being dednfted)i4to tb*fstttpt«f consolidated ^, e exchequer, at flieh time, ad In such nrartneiy as thedstitt un'charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; a dheaid

to be paid; and the Aid money; to paid Into the oiitaem^ as \^- aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a part of thw fufed aadm

The cmftudaudfund. >»' vre, 1:

r XVI And be it farther enacted by the anthorky sferefiw, That if any person or persons (hab, at any time m ihttes'fc sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by Mm'el m done or executed ki pursuanct of this act, or of hrff Chuft, matter, or thing herein contained, such perlbtv or^pevfbnlfttll Central ifftie. Or may plead the general issue, and give the special nwtttr in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the tmva>wvft9'shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the ptshdif er, plaintiff's become oonsuited, thenfachdefendant ofidhfcfed&ts

[Treble costs.]

shall have treble costs awarded to him or them agtiaftfoch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

"^ p a p t r 1 '^'^ivf', C

Anaff for granting to his Majesty several additmut^ampdatm a probate ref wills, letters of and o/t receifuftth

goats, or for any Jbare of a personal rjlate divided by Jafti tftks

yjlattttt of distributitns.«..< nv

«... 'i m o fv.c

Most gracious Sovereign, -

[Preamble.]

ITTT| TE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal i fabjeftljplhe; W commons of Great Britain, inpwliaw*feardrtanbkd, i wards raising the necessary supplies to defray your>majesty't

publick expenses; have rdfolved* to'give and giant titnoyour

Majesty the duties hfcrcin after mentioned rodooswofthutobly

- bdecchyour Majesty that it nuyjbe enacted and be fcdtoafted

9*1 Aju» vsttfiwwnoflo c*er(wsiul. Ciji. £39

hystheb % bh£»ipiofcqk«yt«t Majesty, hyiand, with the advise and content of tb^tosds/ptefehjd andiemporalaund commons, prom Aug. ted |^iw^»^aff(w)wed*a»<l jtyrtea&rtjority of the i, 1789, the f«m^rthm;, fiwm, »fld. »ster thev6rft dsy oi 4ttff0 one tbowfafd foltowing? fcvttttjy»dnjd>imd eighty nine, there flml be wiled, Icyjed, j^'i°t L'eouftacdtcand paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britauj, paid on per; «otpnd.rfpmheni< of his Majesty, hisheks and successors, the bate of wtftt, raiesjaodduaeslbuowing; that it to say, C

: bnn >: ., For every Forever? (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or ftfn, C piece of piper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print ed» aoyprobatc of a wdl, or letters of administration for any or upwards,estate ofor above the value of three hundred pounds; over and so, above, all other rates and duties already impaled thereon,there Where 600l. Ihsttibo charged an additional duty of twenty Shillings; and, r "p*rd*» Whiieltbe estate is oftorabove the value of six hundred pounds, where rooool. efoifthef additional duty of thirty Shillings; and where the estate and upwards,isefwv sfiovethe valoeof one thousand pounds, a further ad j1 ittonaldutyiof two pounds ten Shillings; and where the estate Where i.ooool. ih: m')ow>abovo the value of two thousand pounds, a further 51, * adfitinoaliduty of three pounds ten Shillings; and where the nd where, efofe i*tof or above the value of five tfaeuftnd pounds, a further 5, 000l. and idditfofsalduty of five pounds; upwards,

s ifcs flvuny (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or*', 0, pfct»fipaper, upon which (hah be engrossed, written or print red,

any receipt, or other discharge given for any legacy left by iej, cy, orfor jhpwiil, oriothec testansentaryinstrument, or for any mare of a a mare' of a perihiwl estate divided or distributed by force of the Statute of personal ef diiributiens, or the cvflom of any province or place, the amount, at divided Wtlfteef (frau be four hundred pounds, there shall be charged an ][ ",tre of iftdirioml^ampduty of twenty Shillings j and upon every further distributions, fwio&.one hundred pounds; lb left by any will or other testa to thea imptanf&ftcument, de for any part or share of a personal estate divided r distributed by force of the Statute of distributions, or dat*yof io. tfamwftw of any province or place, a like additional damp dmy and for every of tftmfft Shillings' '

.. of tool, alike

Provided that nothing in this act contained shall extend to dutyoflos. charge the probate of any will or letters of administratroh of any ^hisaft not eoumaanrfeaman. orfotdier, who shall be (lain or dieiii his Mato extend to jesty'ftferwicet a. certificate being produced from the eaprsih of the wills of tlfo ihtp\or vesselv or captain of the troop or company, under sailors or fol whom such seaman or soldier served at the rhyme of his death, V and oath made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or majesty'a for' officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be vice; !grfmb!4drthicfedath>focfr judgeorofficer is hereby required tnd oavfttbrifodi to adcuinifter, and for which no see or rewafo shall iknjutftrhvov vn ->»

j«/qii*&oivdedslways, and be it enacted, That nothing in Hi is nortole 'htitcbfttmiaed shall extend to clnqge with the additional dufies ^jfc'ch?l*tft fcnppfrd, any legacy left by ody will, or other testa dren, or

U u 3*mentary grand chil

40 Cutfi. [^89,

4rrn of te? jnftf mnt rtfvww rflfi dh*l Afeatt D

Itftator.': distritwww Of rtlmifuftvmftf, <*$ jawwiftfo tjf) pk»ctw*fc«fc

', mjjl be fp.deviseflr «rdm^bmtetl, o. [#«pi^{k

or. gf ad, of tb^ip«iioivnwfc«ig.'akfa»*iit»ri*6i». me^urymdfuwcnr*;, .,: V [dt wai 'renro*

lil. And be it further enacted by the authority; af«fcfeid. dt, eth at, far iho. more effectual levyiag, todectiofv and 'management the act duties hereirvbcfpre granted, the am shah bco«oder of the5com the government, care, and irianagemeihof tfceromtmtfioqers miflinneraof for the: time being appointed to manage the d wksr^h&rgisd^iia stampe. stamped vellum, parchment, and paper who, or jbctniajac*)*fr of thetprare hereby.required anj irppowered to eaaploy*fcc ccifery officers under them for that purpose; ©aufct&ek new (lamps to be provided, to denote the said several new laud nd dilional duties respectively, as shall be requisitt in tha* jbehikjc*o<l tp do all outer thingsi^ecessary to be dcmftfpr puttjn^rthte execution, with relation to ithe said several rd utica bfrtftefaetare granted, in the hke, and in as full and ample a?<mm&, i»thqfc pr the major part of them, ire aut^oca£p^ io put jnicmqttjqo any former law concerning Aaaipedt vedum, parchompur

t: JV, grpyided ajw»y*, and be it further cna&rdjbythedw* One stamp thority aforesaid, That, to prevent! the multipkcatiunbbftamps vided topde wwj fah pieces of vewttco or parchmca* or fhcets ©rpotiot' note the for 9p wl)ich several duties are by several adsxtf pariiamft

mer and the imposed, it shall and may belawfulior the said coaimsttsjrn* p^efentdu ipfte^djpf dint (lamp. to denote the several duties on ttrnfc*'^utn^jparchjnent, and paper, charged therewith, tooaufo^diaqr

one new.stamp tpbe proxidedto denofetbeddmer £utie$, and also the duties granted by this a, on piececf

vellum or, parchment, or (licet or piece of paper, bba^lwidi the said several duties. ... .< o f; II

Vellum, CV nd be it further enacted by thoaathprity afbitefem, That duties^to be^vfijipw> parchment, and paper, cu«we do ther: dttcfei; fc«ty stampedbe before ihe. fa me. shall bed ngrofftd, pci qted^or

fore written written upon, be brought to the head office for ihmpanp ioc upon* marking vellum, parchment, and paper; and the said const

sioners^ by themfcwe^ or by their oftiecr$oeavpk)yed underrate #$1 for(jiwith, upon demand to thein.^nade.byjan^.pedbo Of p^!(pnf» frppi.tiotojq tiioq, stamp orraark, as; thial»&dive^>yrqpantjtics or parcel of vehum* parcbmenapor papet; a&iiiau be bought to them for that pnrpojfe, the peribo& so bringing ths same paying, to the receiver-general of thoftaimp dotics.fcmihe Mffit being, orbis deputy or clerk, (hefecccal duties pay hbk (ac the same by virtue, of this act^, 'i. n. j he win

yi, ( And be it fqrther enabled, by the authority.aforp&id^ allowa % efor ifl^t the same allowaooe shall be <madejqu pccfetit pcyinefrt of mentpl le ^evera^ duties granted by this at, and in such memuy made" " 1 W any former law reiating to daojped veuiim, pttchmtot, apd paper, is allowed, '5.

yut And be it.fumber enacted by the authorityiafabrfad,

That

ie

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. j. £41

ithwftfch> mmps*r rtur fan comn^<»efrare hereby aijwrtfd Stwptmar swauriwiiifed'td provijk art use, shall tfld my be altered and be ldd*wed/^rose tfmewmiwe, in stich manner as any other ft46i^s renewe management of the (arid comtiiiflloners are, by liny former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, Antitedcurbe altered and renewed; and that all persons ho ifcdhwvc In thew custody tar possession any vellum, parchment, ': ot paperi, marked with any (lamp or mark before the same shall ftaae'been so altered or renewed, or on which, the same being atready ftimped or marked with a (lamp of mark denoting any fcnmrduty, anew stampis hereby directed to be impressed,

(half have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law.

Mating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is, in like cases,

WCOVCQ.

kivjilv And be it farther enafied by the authority aforesaid, flffat Knarry period shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be eoufrierfetted or forged, any Teal, stamp, or mark, to resemble or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or wry former act of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the duties by hia or any such former act of parliament granted, dr shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an iofemtodefraodhis Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of ifcejfirid'dutte*; or shall) utter, vend or sell, any vellum, parch tuenvor paper, liable to any stamp duty, with such counterfeit (bmp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or(hait privately or fraudulently use any sea), stamp, or mark dbteted or allowed to be used by this or any such former act of pukiment relating to the said stamp duties, with intent to de ftwd his Majesty, his heirs and successors* of any of the said fcdts^ every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully dlbtigtafcibau be adjudged a felop, and shall suffer death as in Cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

oe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, What till powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties and for fctdrety and distributiorts of penalties and forfeitures, and ah nd things prescribed or appointed by any form a&nor^acts of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper on which any probate of a will, letters if adhnnistration, or receipt or discharge for any legacy, (hdil Wmgrossed* Written, or printed, and not hereby altered, (ha'll Be fa 11 force and effect with relation to the additional and nbw rotef; and: duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put rn executionifortthe raising, levying, collecting, and fecorin^, she fast idditional and new rates and duties, according to tise true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and ptttu pbfea^aaif the same had severally and respectively been hereby foenacted with relatioato the said additional and new rates and diniesur <.

rxuiaxal be it farther eroded by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted ihittbe paid, from tlttte tb time, !into the hands of thoreceiver^geiwhl for itkrim* being

U u 4 of

1 1 Gc

Persons cotin terfeitine stanpi, See, to suffer death.

r rf '*1

Powers of,

so*kerj&

not hereby, altered, tovk tendtothuir act.

Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp duties, and

1

1

1

642

carried to the

consolidated

lund.

General iflfue. Treble costa.

[Preamble.]

6 Geo. 3. C xoi.and

o$geo $«.

C$, re, Clted

ahpq^iofltq^noaogeoartjwtfl^ic.c^a

of' jdu tie ped>attil mb,; parah awhr, wfe»

fluu pay the &me»4hp /ltc^flkcjixhatgebijtiatling; f>afus|, 3gbd accqppfing fqr thete(04'h*iag de4u£te<^ inraitbdwceipcvifcsti*. exchequer, 91; fecji; tifne» and>j»tfud»a*mtir <* qfedk.

charged pp ft^ppped vellum, parchmeijt^and.pijiefc, aroatis^b*

to.be paid a ad the said money, lupoid iwo rha6»dqr*et*prib. aforesaid, (halt be carried to and nude a, pan ofaipyiabd dadltdfbt Confclnktfd Fuad. ixfi: j to ir

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority'

That if any p«rfoa or persons shall, at any time or imw, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or chop done or executed in pursuance of thtt a, or of amielarfb matter or thing herein contained, such person or perienk'qpiu or may plead the general issue, and give the specisl ange in evidence for his or their defence; and if.upon the trial a tonftft shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the piaiquft.ur plaintiffs become nop (luted, then such defendant or dcfand«rtb shall have treble costs awarded to him.ortheipa§<ai«ift ifuct> plaintiff or plaintiffs.; wt sc.j

", >, y j's. IE il

'Q A p. "utij/j fvt:

An act to give further powers to the commissioners for

tain lightbeufet in the northern partsjf Great Britain. L 'f

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty sixth je[ efhit present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for Wv.

taitl lighthouses in the northern parts of Great of therein named were enabled, for these^r^tj^f #qzdi* tien and the fjheries, to erect four lightloufes in the northern. Pfrfaof Great Britain, one at kipnard's Head in the county ^abertjc*, one on the island of Noph Ranaldlhaw in.top Orkney, o^e^mjbt point Scalpa in the island Herries, anil a fourth ou amil if

Kintyrc; and to collect and receive certain Julies upon shipepoffim any of the aid lighthouses, and to exercise the powers qndi\ irppk, therein mentioned: and whereas by another aq^ passed in dfea&irttjb: eighth year of his present Majestfs reign, entitled, ^Ar render more effectual an act passed in the twenty ftj$tb^ywfiff. his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for ereflipgcertfit fighthouses in the northern parts of Great Britain, cpxtaiq, a4djti pnal powers and Authorities were given to the said co^a>ii?#}ik ers: and whereas the four lighthouses therein defer ibid, Jntvf bene eretted\ and particularly a lighthouse at a place called Shem chants, on the south west point of the mull of kliiuyr*, wkyb.it found to be of great importance to the navigation of ship< faffing to and from the northern channel, but not to hips passing to^d/rm the frith of Clyde, through the soul hern channel: and where it would Conduce greatly to the security of such navigation tbroh&bjhe \farthern channel, if another tigbibouse was ere bled ypqf* the Jmtk end of the island of Arran, or upon the little iffitui mar

f he same, which may be done witboift any increase of the dutief tooth. to be levied by the said two recited Qfls: d may it therefore

Aiip vio^qhwomm<3eokou: ter 643

thatit may in crafted'diid1 be" ft'cnarftted: f1 Y. ', '... )Ltbcflfjoft. excellent majesty, by and with thfeadvicfc', ldlcctfant*>£ the lords fpmtual and tetto pored, and fcomrtions,'* tdfemlpraiihihpariiaaieat aflsembled, and by the authority afibe'fe^that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com and the com rabntes» orany fiye r mope of them, to erect, or cause to be1raiflionere au hawl hkbgbthouse: iac>eon*edient situation upon the' south. t

d of the island of Arran or upon the island of Plada npar the house odsthe* (jftifiwitih fitch other buildings and conveniences as to themifland of Arad appear necessary; aim to erect, or cause to be erected, or island faratf ur wharf for landing materials necessary for the build °* F,da>etc* fifed maintaining the said lighthouse, and to make, or cause >{bt(made, a road or roads from the said bread or wharf to the i hghthouse, and to contrast and agree with the owner or |ttdrt>and occupiers of lands, lying and situated at the places <&(&),: end most convenient for erecting the said lighthouse wmbmatcommodatmuis, for so much land as may be necef* tfeefcid purposes, and shall pay such raceand confident m for the same as shall be agreed on between the said com issioners and the owner or owners and occupiers of such nds, either by absolute purchase, or by payment of a relit or iruin.atonuaj sum for the lame.

II. And whercai it may happen that the owner or owners, or tupier or occupiers of such land may inftjl on too high prices or rents rite, same, or through infancy, minority, deft El of the title deem,: aenpruteit, debts, or other disabilines or it may be difficult ifontf valid and legal rights to some of the properties'eftifbribtft purposa; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by Authority aforesaid, That under any' of the circumstances Commit '^iftffribed, it shall Be lawful for the cotnmifiloners, fioneweoptw; tf6y are hereby authorfed to apply'to the (heri/f depute ofcewl*"iirtty % here the lands He, and to proceed in the mannerjj^aj.'dtwthe iil^f by the said fird mentioned act, in order to have the rgeitedafts, mfe thefeorascertained and the right made effectual; and the where dif rctaf powefs apd authorities which are conferred upon themf^m*!*. ^cthr said'two recited acts, are hereby also given, and id modes of proceeding shall be followed relative to the afore {cessary to - idfiffh ltghthouse, as with regard to the others already ereftshe purchased I, Higher duties being exigible for the whole five lighthouses for their i»ri thnr<j authorised by the said last mentioned act, but which g°c.*ifer shah'tie wholly exigible at the times, and in the manner'ectfiidihthe said last recited act, without waiting till the fifth: by this present act shall be completed, ill Id And whereas it may be necessary, for the purpose of complet. 'fhepdidf/tb' hghthouse, to borrow a further sum of money, be if, isftdd'by she authority aforesaid, That the said commission and mar bors, Or koy ^vei or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby P" f r npofered'ahd declared to have full power and lawful autho 0 tywanyttrife or times hereafter, by any mortgage or mart., ., Of any act or acts, deed or deeds, under their hands duly. ccouttd, 'td Borrow pr take up at a rate of littered not exceed

u'.'r. ing

commission cra may erect other light houses, whenever the duties will enable them, '

and may elect the chief magi strate of the nearest royal bofrougvand tht<he>iff«depute ofl the nettrtftecum, tyjtbbecom mitiffoners.

No perfort* concerned'iri any Contract under the act to be a com' '

[Publick act.]

- % Preamble,

Antic v?defimd nono

fog the lawful iritetest, in addition to the Tunis taken up and borrowed by the said^fts, a further feeding twd thousand pounds 'ft&sing, 'upon; rbg^in^m credit of the duties granted as hforeffa^d, for aniwttib^ww pince of making and completing the said lighthotffl?ahtf ti&i works, and such further sum as shall be sufficlfehv trf charge the expense of obtaining and passing thv'iw; ahfto assign such duties to any perfori or persons, body pofitftrtr corporate, who shall furnish or advance such money, bfiflj part thereof, as a security for the repayment of the fafoe. ', n:

IV. And whereas the several lighthouses already etesel sound of great benefit to the navigation of the horthfeasffid whereas, considering the danger of navigating ihefe fens, fiailkiktij in the dark ttmpfiuous season of the year, more 'Rghthzufts conduce to the fdfety of hips, and prifervation of the lives offfism^ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if shall ind be lawful foyr the said co m missioners, whenever the pnwucf oath present duties on the tonnage of Ships will enable th*3m to erect other lighthouses, to cause such other lighthobfts tube erected upon any part's of the coast of Scotland as they (hilldeem to be necessary, and for that purpose to exercisfc the farnep&rtd which have been granted for erecting the lighthouses ^entfonrtf in this and the aforesaid acts of the twenty fixtif and twenty eighth years of his present majesty's reign,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aford&h,

That when any new lighthouse shall be erected on any pin of the coast of Scotland, it shall be Tawfdf for the cdmmrflrortefitbr the time being to elect the ptovoft or chief magistrate of the nearest royal borough, and also the sheriff depute ofxhtrifed county to the said new erected lighthouse, to be cofomifliortm for executing the powers contained in thik and the said fonter acts. ir'"': CV i, r

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That rs6 'effort

concerned in any contrast for building or lighting the Kd lighthouses, shall be a commissioner for executing thik or the said former acts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrcffid, That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all tcorh of law or equity, as a public act; and al! judges and jdfficficf such courts are hereby required to take notice thereof s fcdh, without specially pleading the same. ir

CAP. LIII.

4n aq for further encouraging and regulating the newfatu^ua^ Greenland, and southtrn whale fisheruu

WHEREAS, as well by immemorial usage as by the ptf* tonnes of former laws, the right and privilege of dryingfijhn the island ^/' Newfoundland do not belong to any of his My eft I ftibjeffr arriving the re, except from Great Britain, or we oy h Majestfs irnimms in Europe; ir preventing frauds, and tbhtty

bm

r&p)] no vk»fisho nono Georgii III. c. 53. 6f5

fff fcqpptgu his Majtfifj said fctjeflt Great Britain, and of iff jp9£rbrinllnifope, the full advantages of the fishery out thence, and of drying fish on the bores of the island of be it declared and enacted by the king's most by and with the advice and consent of the uakand temporal, and commons, in this present par affippbled, and by the authority of the same, That no No fish, tin taken or caught by any of his majesty's subjects, or other less caught by atovingtit Newfoundland or its dependencies, or on the qr<|atbritain »nksr of the said island, except from Great Britain, or one of of t^c bri uoi British dominions in Europe, shall be permitted to be landed cifh domini r; dryed^on the said island of Newfoundland, always excepting one in Europe, te^rights granted by treaty to the subjects of his most christian drie^at4 (ancity, on that part of the island of Newfoundland beginning news0und cash Saint John, passing to the north and defeending by the land, the icmerp, coast of the said island to the place called Cape Raye. right at ceded

tt f^ndwbereas it is thought expedient that the owners of hips*mpfoyfa in the Greenland fishery Should be allowed to receive the e P ornty grafted by an act passed in the twenty fsxtb year of his fffl^to'/nnjefifs reigh, entitled, An act for the further support a6 Geo. j. encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland c. 41. recited. teas and Davis's Straights, although such hips depart from those reas hef pm he tenth day of August then followings and although they r not laden with the quantity of whale fins, and of oil or blubber in Proportion thereto, required by the said act, in case it hall appear by he log booh of such hips, tbqt they have not departed from those seas ilflstbe. end ofsixteen weeks from the day they respectively sailed from tl}t ports where they were surveyei and cleared out $ be it therefore further, enacted, That any owner or owners of any ftiip or After Jao. fr vefiei shall be allowed and entitled to receive the bounty grant79°» fwps ted, hythe said act, for any (hrp'which shall havo proceeded, or ^/bbu^es^ shall proceed upon the said whale fishery from any port of granted by the Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Men, after recited act, ihe fir day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, Jj1* fojfj and ftulj have failed, or shall sail from the port where (he was ycarty[\h<?* surveyed and cleared out, directly on her intended voyage on or they ie4ve the bcfqqfe the t^nthxuy of April in each and every year, although Greenland (he shall depart from the Greenland feasor Davis s Sleights, or th^ept Teas, before the tenth day of August then following, ^ffo^aug.1 aalthough The shall not be laden, if of the burden of three 10, following, hundred tonnes, with thirty tonnes of oil, or blubber in proportion and shall not thereto, the blubber to be rated with respect to the oil as three l*den to two, and one tonne and a half of whale fins 5 or if (he be of greater or letter burden, with a quantity of oil or blubber and onl of the whifetirts irt like proportion to the tonnage of such ship, being recited a, the produce of one or more whale or whales, caught by the upon the crew There of, or with the assistance of the crew of some other ^npio^cu Ikenfed ship, in case it shall appear by the log book of ft) A '

ship that (he had continued with her crew in the said seas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales or other creatures living in those seas, and did not depart from thence till the expiration of

sixteen

anno/vitflfinpp^no cg

sixteen weeks from the time of her sailing, frojnhf.pqp!tv»|iw* Hie shall have been furyeyed and cleared\dut* provided neb ftf, shall not have touched at any other port during bet voyage, and shall have complied with all the otherregulations, qsndift pns, and ydlri&iona, iuaposed by the said act. N V,

III. And whereas by an oil pajud twenty eighth ofha

ti Geo. ;, present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for jwnendi^g^an C 10. recited, made in the twenty sixth year of his present majesty'a. mf[ft, and after pass.y^ encouragemeutof the whale fifiery, vd far atabpg the three'further provisions for that purpose, toe three vfjfc

ships entitled which are entitled to the premium therein grmted en tjbar daubing to the boon Cape Horn, or passing through the Straight Magellan, aror*- ties thereby quirednot to return in left time than eighteen months, mdhu doubungcape thoughtjufikienl that ftuh fli or be obliged to mfpm

Horn, or pafb out no longer than ftxuen months; be it therefore further ensqsi ing through by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owneraq^ feohjpf t^stre'gbt. tile said t|uee ships or vessels which shall fgil after the paifeg to beentitud (sa shall be inthled to the said additional premoiour^rh* thereto, if ed by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of hi. fyafent.ma they shall not jestyfs reign, under the conditions, regu)ationskand "tuminkf> id the said act mentioned, in case.such ships or yedeif months and fe{uin in Ids time than sixteeo. months, from the fiepe of, her by Dec.' 10, clearing out, and on or before tbp first day of Detention in in the feemid second year after that in which such ship or vpffcliball ftpc year after fitted and cleared out., -> nr to

clearing out. jv. Ayd whereas doubts have arisen whether Owners of slip cr heft'd shall be entitled to the premiums granted hfjihd ovin with mentioneda(ts, pajfod in the and tumuty^jigfyhl*hf

theortierco* ki* present Myejty's reign, unless fiuh ftup hacetkoe

ditkm* of the ed out fpceiauy for the rtjpeclive latitude therein jpt&fied: bt

further declared and pna&ed by the authority aforefei dg the owner or owners of any stupor vessel shall not; bopbigji mium«!tho' to.clear out Specially for the respectivclatitudes fpoctfiod igtfae they do not said aifls, but shall be entitled to the premiums ihcrebytj^efltf4? dear out on complying with all the other conditions, regulation, jgid speciauvfttr restrictions imposed by the said acts. b wciv

therein foeet V And whereas by an act made end puffed in thubtpfatffxtb Bed. year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, anas xfothti*

s Geo. 3. further support and encouragement of the fisherie* patriot«gvf>«4l. the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straights, it is among jtther; \t^gi

enacted, That every ship /ballhave on board apprentuoti, imhutthtfi

far tit pace of three years at the leaf, who shall ruacoedtfbih

of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen years of age, aptht timed shall be so indentured, in the proportion of one apprtnfi&.0.fhajtal for every thirty-five tonnes burden, und one fresh or, gretp 00 for every fifty tom burden, which appreutiees and firejfi, e*(gtjaan1u0 shall be accounted in the number of men required t&htttdfiish

ship as aforesaid: and whereas by an other ad mode Hfi*

6 Geo. J. twenty sixth year of his present fftfer

C so, the encouragement of the southern whale fishery, it k, amdgiffhtr

things enactdi Tbqt no premim.granud by \kgt ad jh& if

k

Afifto nonaxjirolfglf Iff* C 5$. $47

personi Whatever forj tritti 6ccfafit of'dttf ^jfollhnpkyeddtpthd afortfavdfifbtry, unhfi fmb skip or vefo tifefmtbwi dnbbard ah apprentice indentured for the pace tf tbrte wb&tiptb&^fyfyffor e&ty fifty tens burden of fitch slip or veflif tip rfmeasurement* evety fitch apprentice riot exceeding the age of eighteen WJ wwfahg Outdorfokrteed years, at the time he shall be so indtn #d^afi^mfffos by another act, made and passed in the twenty d/mje&ifoibt reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act sot rt1(jl8 q lad, made in the twenty sixth year of his present C recited* ty*s tt\p\, for the encouragement of the southern whale fiflery, w making further provisions for that purpose, it is, among! rflef things, matted. That the several additional premiums granted fflhdf Oft shall be paid in such and the like manner, and under such

swr Kit conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are di^jd[bt$prrscribed in and by the [said act, made and passed in the " a-'^fotib year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled An I flte dfleburagement of the southern whale fishery.: and n? if expedient that provision floufd be made to oblige the \ewdfflips or vessels, or the per font to whom apprentices shall be ^tn{pkjfidnce of wt acts herein before respectively recited, to yfeft apprentices in their service for the time they shall be inden west ft therefore further enacted by the authority afore

tt*if^ft6nr and after tfce first day of January one thou After Jam t, KM hundred and ninety, if the matter of any ship or 1790* any rcffcl, or any other person or persons whatever, to whom any ap*1* w^idewiapprentices shall be indentured pursuant to the said Apprentice, lai^ihvbefore recited acts, (hhll permit or suffer any such ap indentured. rtwftd OV apprentices to ^ufr, leave, or depart, his or their pursuant to wiktwi arty pretence whatever, except as herein after is pro wid, < befofd the expiration of the term for which he or they hig fervid befell bfe bbund, every such mjlftef or other person shall forfeit fore the expi b^y^fb^ each and every offence, the sum of fifty pounds; ration of his btlfe fobiwredby adron of debt, bhl, plaint, or information, J*!0 or" courts of record, in which no wager of 5o1, wr^hd essoin, nor any more than one imparlance, shall be Ifowed.

'tyft*w>vmca nevertheless, That nothing herein contained tmiefofoch or be confftued to extend, to inflict the aforesaid wucdtics^ ttihkf'Winy case where any apprentice or apprentices shall he gtolf^lfchjftged before a magistrate or justice of the peace, or gistrate, or*thlfw tutned over from one person to another person, concerned turned over dllfon bf (tit aforesaid (Hheries, to serve the remainder of histo another hwot such fhhcries, pursuant to the directions of the said acts sstcrt, n the ere before recited. - Mftherws.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That no tobepauiun mtttty'itfpremiufn shall be paid or allowed by virtue of the der the recit i Nntdi assis, or either of them, in any case, unless there ed acts, unless aft wrnfti'ted In the indenture or indentures of each and Jhe Mmes of £ty 'apprentice or apprentices, who shall be indentured by Sddch rt«l#c^tfce said recited as, or either of them, or who shall apprentices >farite<hjfcr from one person to another, puffusmtto this act, are bound to

t the (erre, be in

648 Anno viedifrrt>norroxjeorohihvc; $4,

ferted in the the name or names of the fhjp or ye(£el, or ships or vessels, on

indentures, board of which such apprentice or apprentices is or are bound

to serve'.

This act not

VIII. Provided auo5 ti}at nothing in tjjis

to extend to or be construed to extend, to take away any bounty p$$renuw

out^nd* which may become due by virtue, of the said re^itedua3*ar

which" shall either of them, in any case where the ship or hx*

have failed, Iona side cleared out on the iirfiery, and proceeded iran gtffi

before the Britain, before the commencement of this act.

commencement

thereof.

CAP. ltv.

An act for further continuing an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present majesty, entitled, An act for the moree^e* tual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and couoatn g*uk Britain.

Geo. 3. c. 77, continued till March ay, 1793.

CAP. LV.

I

An act to continue several laws therein mentioned, relative to the befttf encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off ferrrzf duties on merchandise exported, and reducing other dutiea; to the ree importation of cochineal and indigo; to the prohibiting the portation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, 1*1 printed fn Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; tofte discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow*he? lard, and grease; to the prohibiting the exportation of took and utensils made life of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kioy dom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the fete; i to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by clarke's.hydrometer.

33 Geo. a. C 17. for the encouragement of the making of sail cloth to Great Britain, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, See. t Annas, stat. r.c.i6» recited. From Sept, 29, 1789. the reward given by the recited to be paid for sails exported unless they be stamped before shipping; and if afterwards they are not actually exported, C to be fortei^ed^ So much of 8 Geo. X C 15. as relates to the encouragement of the nit manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off several duties da merchandise exported, continued to June 24, 1795* C yoeo. i. CD for the free importation of cochineal and indigo, continued to Sept % 1795, See. So much of zs Geo. 2. c. 36. as relates to the prohibit the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first compdfed pr written and printed in Great Britain, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, C # Geo. C 27. for the more effectual securing the duties oft facrigo' made sail cloth imported, continued to June 24* 1795, C 'd G. $. 28. so far as relates to the prohibiting the importation of forest wrought filka and velvets, continued to June 14,795* C 7 Geo. C 12. to discontinue the duties payable upon the importation of tyllo*, etc. continued to March 25, 1791, etc. % 6 Geo. 3. c. 89. to exten^to other tools and utensils 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. for prohibiting tike eipeit^ lion of tools made use of in the iron and steel manufactoriev, confiajiwl to the end of the next session. So much of 27 Geo. 3. C jr, jb directt that all Ispirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by cui^e* hydrometer, continued to the end of the next session.

1789.] Anno ^kcfunfi

A

V rui; ' 1 A' W r TX

w/hxj«.'n njli / '*'tod

____ j______jv ______ r ir j t. »./^avjh OJ

if. VI

ulald 31g

i act for explaining and amending an act, peifftd in the uffssion ofptthidn^eit, entitled, 1 Ah a^v for rcgutating rhfe; traoe b.c. twwtt df; hi^m4fd^cofdhl^nd pfahtationsir>t'j ±.

North] Atifrk*, atvd rft: \ht wminaiti lflahd^'darfd the coun'bfcmnging't& the'gfhftid States of Ameriid; and between hvmsfjefl^famtdbjfefts adtf ilie foreign islands in the West Indies.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty eighth year of'preamble the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for re ag 3 lating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's C ionics C $. recit i plantations in North America, and in the West-india islands, countries belonging to the United States of America; d between his majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands the West Indies, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no toco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, yfo*, masts, yards, bowsprits, ves, heading boards, timber, Jbingles, or lumber of any sort; ai, biscuit, flour, peas, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley,

J fort, shall be imported or brought into any island, un

jf?£jfen?imon of his Majesty, in tfe West Indies (7* <&-

the Bahama islands and the Burmuda or Somers islands aro Imhd,) from any island in the West Indies under the dominion of \ foreign European sovereign or state, under the penalty of the an f ship or vessel in which the same shall be Wfod or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammuni tickle, and apparel; 0«ry tow, custom, ta contrary

Wthfdnding: provided always, 77; j it shall and may be lawful any (f jbc governors, lieutenant governors, or commanders in fjor.^time being, of any of the said islands in the West lies under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, fb the advice and consent of their respective councils, to authorise ^pk^tacioff of tobacco, pitch, iar ', turpentine, hemp, flax, masts, & % wwfpm* flwes, beading boards, timber, Jbingles, or lumber taff&t \ bttad\ biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, ffboheft, or'grain of any sort, for a limited time, from any Indies, under the dominion of any foreign euro it t^xelgiy or state, for the supply of the inhabitants of the said provided always, that such goods and commodities, so bfrifc id to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British^_«nifn British*built Ships, by his Majesty's subjects.

to law under the penalty of the forfeiture vfmttttionedzand whereas it was intended, that the Jaidseveral ktgp^herei^before particularly enumerated J allowed to be, im.

'ftffflfndjn the West Indies under the dominion of any r^qpean sovereign or stale, into the said islands in the sunder the dominion of his Majesty, Should be for (heft of the inhabitants of the island into which the same wore, 'if reafott to believe that, contrary to the ipteu < w qfttr having bun ft imptrud, boot '

been.

650 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 56.

[17m

him re exported to others of his Majesty's islands in the West I dies; for prevention whereof be it hereby declared and and by the King'* tnoft excellent majesty by and with she tin and coofent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and rrmmm in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of £ From Jan. i, same. That from and after the first day of Jamutry one tfc» if y sand seven hundred and ninety, in case the said article or a] permit ted Chy& f em, which shall have been imported from any ifiaod in he the recited 7 West Indies, under the dominion of any foreign European m act to be im reign or (late, into any of the said i (lands in the Wifi Indiana der the dominion of his Majesty, shall after fqch imporqpoe wethndia* exported, or shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or iqands from vessel, or shall be put on board any boat or other vest^cf foreign West, shall be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place whater, with intention to be shipped on board any ship or vessel far exported, they potion, then, not only the said articles, but also the bid rest! {hali before or boat on board of which the same shall be shipped or bdosi feited with or intended to be shipped or laden, shall be forfeited and lad, tsv< the vessel.etc. gether with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefry, Exporters of That before any articles which may be legally exported firm from the West^ans n the eft Indies under thejtominton of his Indies to Majesty, and which are of the description or denominatiop of make oath any of the articles hereinbefore particularly enumerated tod that they have described, whether in their unmanufactured or maaufafturd port^under*atc> or exportation from any of the hid

the authority islands, the exporter or exporters thereof shall make oath, before of the recited the collector of his majesty's customs for the island from whkb aft. such articles are to be so exported (who is hereby authorised and empowered to administer the same) that such articles, or any part of them, have not been so imported as aforesaid ion the said island, under such authority as aforesaid, from aar island in the Wifi Indies under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or (late.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeftw, lo^fidfethat^any person or persons whatever shah be convicted of oath to be taking a false oath, touching any of the fads directed or requir deemed ^uil ed by this a St to be testified on oath such person or persons b ty of perjury, convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of perjury, zad

shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons art liable for wilful and corrupt perjury and shall and may be prosecuted in any court of record in Great Britain, or in anyofhu majesty's courts of judicature in the W Indies. I

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afordairs,

By whom for that all and every the goods or commodities, and all ships or

vessels forfeited by this a, shall and may be feiaed by the corn may eiaed. manjct OT commanders of any of his majesty's ship or vessels of war, or any commissioned warrant or petty officer specially Howpenalties authorised by him or them, or by any officer or officers of ha may be reco majesty's customs; and that every forfeiture and penalty incor vend and ap red by this act shall and may respectively be sued sot, profccoted,

and

*3-1 Artho vfcdgtt^bndf^qborglllh.oki^i^.' £51

i^kfcdfcsets, ill > iifch coum, and by iach and tbtjike mwf*s im3m<rtied», 1awi tb product shamofi resp»5hvely>4tf ar)aftck 4ppiigtf in fodt tad thec lfksitntonerv anctdo hof Idee ufm and purposes, afc anyforfaittireiatcarred y* % c(y«ladw«(fttftii %, The tmenumofi thexiuftonataiaynow.be i(m MS pfbftksuted, twttorewhi dispo(bd»f?oakl applied, either*lili* whigmamv of ity>wiy of Ms majesty's (bands tfl the West kafeaftffted^iyt as fclmtfmfe may happen to bet

tiv.tr' n, In .-!

\ < \ ic <. A P LVII

bet regulating the trade of bufwejs of pawnbrokers.

[Preamble.]

e&^tyr>h<e>'8i£ A She all was passed in

\f % pytht'i1rign of\bis(frffentitiaje/lj King George the Third, for »7 Geo. 3. u rune bftgu kiting the trade and bubaefaof. pawnbrokers;

tft abort tn'wntinue in force for me year, from the first day of June tto bbamfimftfehen butidnkd and tigbty ftvenc and whereas an act was t<isffitdmti*laftfejfitn ef parliament, to amend and continue, for a at Geo. 3. lmnfesd amo, thflatove m«ntioned a; uus made to expire 'id. teaninfirfliia?of nm\thenfand seven hundred and

anlat!*t*>end of tit present session of parliament: and whereas h is

expedient that provfitrr.Should he thadefor farther regulatings he Ui

fingfinefi pawnbrokers: may it therefore pkalfe your Majesty that it mupdaetensded; and be it enacted by the king's most excel jef&Majesty, by and withuahefadvise and consent of the lords fpiotual'ind temporal, and commons, in this present parliament tatibtojbltd; ahdr by the authority of the same, That it shall be Pawnbrokers lwwdum*bh» and after, chotend of this pcefent fclfion of parlia allowed to memt^for/ail persons tiling and sxercifing the trade and business towinjrww co pawnbroker to demand^ireceive, and take, of and from all for profit.ndeve»y: person and perfosaappiying or offering to redeem any goads)or Chattels pawned.or pledged with such pawnbroker, a ipaofit afar the (following rates, over and abovtrthe principal sum and sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the' aelpafttve pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker (half jbbsfbttged torerdeliver (the lame videlicet >,

lupot 'O II .*' --'r*i ^<ier>^very pledge upon which there shall have been Tent any famynott«aceed«ng. two (hiuinge.and fixponce, the sum of one ihatfpcnoy.tlbr any time during which, the said pledge shall re' cmpitftfkpawnt nehexoeeding one calendar month, and the same ifote tnry 'Calendar, month afterwards, including the current month in which, fvob pledge shall be redeemed, although (bch yfaoshifbtiloot be expired;

0 ijur dvefy pledge upon which thyeshall have been lent th. Shillings, one penny: ft,

i tlisot cevery pledge upon which the(eshall have been lent fever

(bbbpgs^md sixpence, one penny halfpenny: il faitwy pledge rttpon which there shall have been lent ten 'ahrp^eiwo peftoe: '

battvmi^xxvi. XX

t Amo vfaesimo nonb Georgii III. c. 57; [ 178$.

For every pledge upon which there shah have been Ifent twelve (hihings add fixfwnce, twopence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have bedhfent fifteen shillings* threepence:

For every pledge upon which there shall hare been lent seventeen shillings and (ixpende, threepence halfpenny

For every pledge upon Which there shall hove been lent erne pound; fourpence: and soon procreflivbly* and in proportion for any Turn not exceeding ferry ( Billings'

for every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sura exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of threepence, and no more, for (he loan of every twenty shillings of such money lb lent, bytbfc calendar month, including the current month; and foin proportion for any fractionil fain:

Which fan) several (turn (half be taken in lien of, and as a full satisfaction for, all interest due, and charges for warehouse room. Pawnbrokers jj; And be it further enacted by the authority atorefsid. That ei "*iher in all cases where any intermediate fbm lent upon any pawn os u ' pledge shall exceed the Turn of two fhith'ngs and fixpenee, and ndt exceed the sum of forty Shillings, the person lending the same shall and may take, by way of profit, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of four penct, and no more, for the loan of twenty Shillings by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

Limiting the IH. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That In ah profits for cases where the party or parties entitled to, and applying for the 5 redemption of goods pawned, within the spaceofseven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shah have been pledged, he, she, or they shall and maybe at liberty to redeem the nine, without paying tiny thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for foe said (even days, or such put thereof as shall then hate elapsed; that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled, and applying n aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first (even days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, she, or they shall add may be at liberty to redeem such goods, upoo saying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half i of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; seat foot in all cases Where the party or parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profits! the whole second itiionth; add that the like regulation and re ftriiftion shall take place and be in ftnee in every fuueqaem calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

Pawn to be

IV. And be it ftirther enabled by the authority aforesaid, entered in That all and every person and perfous who, frosty and after the books

ijf&gf.]Anno vicesimo hoho Giotfoil III C sfi

end of this present session of parliament, shall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange of or from any person or persons wrbomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the same shall be and whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding five Shillings, shall forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any money upoq such pawn of pledge, enter, or canfe to be entered, in a (air and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he,

she, or they shall receive in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are io pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and aho the name and place of abode of tyre owner or owners thereof, according to' the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same and in all cases where the money lent on any such goods or chattels shall not exceed the sum of five Shillings, such entry shall be made in such book or books, by all and every such person and persons so taking the lame by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, as aforesaid, within four hours next after the said £oods and chattels shall have been fp pawned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforesaid; and every such person shall, at the time of pawnbrbk the taking of every pawn, pledge, or exchange whatsoever, give° f*to the person or persons So pawning, pledging, or exchanging tbi^spa* the lame, a note or memorandum, fairly written or printed, or td. 8 p in pan written and in part printed, containing the rein, in like manner, a description of the goods and chattels which he, she, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alb the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the tnontn and year on which, and the name and" place of abode of the perbn or per fops by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information aforesaid, and upon which said note or memorandum, of on the back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the same? svhiih said note or memorandum the patly and parties pawning pledging, or exchanging the said goods or chattels, foal), and he, foe, or, they is and are berebyjequired to accept and take in all cases, and the pawnbroker shall not ceceive and retrain such pledge, unless the party pledging, or offering to pledge the same (half accept and take such note or memorandum; ant every such note, where the sum lent shall bless than five Shillings, shall be delivered gratis; and where the sum lent shall be five Shillings or upwards, and less than ten Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for foe same; and where the sum lent shall be ten Shillings or upwards, and less than twenty Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be twenty Shillings or upwards, and less than five pounds, the sum of two

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57.

[178g.

pence for the same; and where the sum lent shall be five pounds or upwards, the sum of fourpence, and no more; and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or <hc shall be obliged to re deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority afore£nd, Penilty That from and after the end of this present session of parlia ag^joft unlaw ment>; f any person or persons shall knowingly and designedly go<ig>then, ng Pawn pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or property of chattels of any other person or persons, not being employed or others. authorised by the owner or owners thereof so to do, and shah be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible w'rness or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to admmi her), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of.twenty Shillings, and also the full value of the goods or chattels so pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties fox: onvi<sted to the house of correction, or some other public prison of the coonry, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offender or offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if, within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment, the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the prosecutor or prosecutors, the person or persons so convicted to be publicly whipped in the house of correction or prison to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other public place of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices shall seem proper; and the said re fpc<£uve forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making satisfaction thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the costs of the prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such convhftkm shall be had; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction, and costs, or if there shall be any overplus of the said respective forfeitures, after making such satisfaction, and paying such costs as aforesaid, then such rc spetfive forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, (as the case shall happen), shall be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall have been committed.

655

179*j Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57.

xnitted, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor <rf such parish or place for that purpose'"

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge', or alter. Penalty on or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such persons forg note or memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, verid^ or sell ^rfeitin«uu- any such note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, nou; gs forged, or altered, with intent to defraud any person or persons whomsoever, every such person shall be punished in manner herein after mentioned, and it shall be lawful for any person or persons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom any note shall be uttered or offered, which he, she, or they shall have reason to suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of a constabk or other peace officer who shall, and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey such person or persons before some justice or 3udices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon examination it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such case, the faic? justice Or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any time not exceeding the space of three calendar months, nor lets than one calendar month, at thediferetion of such justice or justices,

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons who shall offer, by way of forpunifty.ng pawn, pledge, exchange, or sale, any goods or chattels, flail not ?fvrj^nsan^04 be able, or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of himfdf, fecoifnt of herself, or themselves, or of the means by which he, file, or they themselves, became possessed of such goods or chattels, or shall give any false on offering to information to the pawnbroker, or to his or her servant or Pfwn B00d8* servants; as to whether such goods or chattels are his, her, or c' their own property or not, or if there shall be any other reason to fufoed that such goods or chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained, or if any person or persons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or p3wn, shall attempt or endeavour 'to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for any person or persons.

His, her, or their servants or agents, to whom such goods or chattels shall be so offered, or with whom such goods or chattels are in pledge, to seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels, and to deliver such person or persons 'immediately info the custody of a constable or other peace offictft*,

Who (Ml and s hereby required, as soon as may be to'convty*X X 3 such

6^6 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. [1789.

such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels Co offered, before fotne justice or justices of the peace far the county, riding, dividon, city, liberty, town, or p^ce, wherein the offence lhafi be supposed to have been committed; and if such justice or justices shall, upon examination and inquiry, have cause to fufpadt that the said goods or chattels were Aden, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have any presence or colour of right to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons into fate custody for fuen reasonable rhyme as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said deaminations it jthall appear, to the satisfadjaon of such justice or justices, that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestindy obtained, or that the person or persons offering or endeavouring so redeem he same hath or have not any pretence or colour of yight so to do, the said justice or justicea is and are hereby authorised and required tb commit the party or parties offending to the common gad or house of correction of the county, ridinz, idivision, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hast X committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise such commitment by hny other law; and where the nature of the offence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor Ids than one calendar month, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. mods That if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlawfully unlawfully pawned, pledged, of exchanged, shall make out, either on hi pawnbroker wbcir b r by the oath of any credible witness, or, to refton being one of the people called Quaktrs, by fdemn affirmation, them.'before any justice of justicea of the peace within his or their

'... jurisdiction, that such owner or owners hath or have had his,

her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, of them, and that there is just cause to suspect that any person or persons within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justicea bath or have, knowingly apd unlawfully taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the privity or Authority of such owner or owners hereof, and shall nuke appear, to the Satisfaction of any such justice or justices, probable grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, fheri, and in any such case, any justice or justices of the peace, Within his or their jurisdiction, may issue his or their warrant for searching, in the daytime, the house, warehouse, or other place, of any such person or persons, who shall be charged on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have knowingly hr unlawfully received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any (ueb goods or chattels, without the privity

of.

?&9*2 Anno vtcctimo nonp Gfosoii IH. C 57. 6^7

f a*'authority from, the owner or owners thereof and if the ingipipr pr occupiers of any house, waipbouse, or other place dpjrem any such good or chattels shall, on oath or affirmation'

jf ejfiye&id, he charged or (bfpeded to he, shall, after the end tf this present session of parliament, on request made to him,

MT or them, to open the time by any peace officer authorised .4 % ?rch there, by warrant from a justice or justice of the peace for he county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or fflacc in such house, warehouse, or otheir place shall be fnuate, refute to open the same, and permit the time to be searched, it shall he lawful for any peace officer to break open any such biopfe, warehouse, or other place in the daytime, and to search, ns le shall think fit, therein, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker, or ot$cr person or persons, shall oppose or hinder any such search; and if upop the search of the house, war»hquse, or other place, " of any such fpfpcdted person or persons as afptctiid, any of the goods 'or chapels which shall have been so kndwingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as "aforesaid, shall be found, and the property of the owner or pwbdts from whom the time mall have been unlawfully obtained or taken shall be made out to the titisticlion of any such justice or juilicfes, by the oath'of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if any (uph witness or witnesses shall be of the people called Quakers, by folemtl affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with apy such offence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon canfe the gbods and chattels found on any such search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to b forthwith reftpred to the owner or owners thereof.

IX. And whereas goods end chattelsart pawned or pledged for fettering the payment ofmpney lent there and the profit

afterwards the borrowers, or their repare destrous to repay the jarne, and the profit northeast thereon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the same arefo pawned or pledged jit they are frequently under great difficultitt to get hack the goods and

chattels fa pawned, and are often under a necessity to commence suits

law for f he recovery thereof, to their great expense: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Punishing the and after (be end of this present session of parliament, if any pawnbroker goods or chattels shall be pawned or pledged for during tiny money lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal goods to the Ann of ten pounds, and the profit thereof, and f within one pawner, year after the pawning or pjedging thereof (proof having been: made on path pr affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible Witness or witnesses, and by producing the note or memorandum' directed to be given by this act as aforesaid, before any justice or justices, to the titisfa&ioo of any such justice or justices, of the pawning pr pledging of any fuen goods or chattels within the (ttid (pact of one year) any such pawner or pavynels.'who was pr were the real owner or owners of such good? or chattels at fbe time of the pawning or pledging thereof, 'lus, her, or their

X X + executor -

by

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. ' [1789.

Cxecutort, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the principal imoney borrowed thereon, and profit according to the table of rates by this al established and the person who rook such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the satisfaduon of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse co deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned (of any tumour sums of money not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to th? person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, then, and in any such case, on oath or affirmation as aforeiak) thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, or some other credible person, any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower cr (borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or persons who took such pawn, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the jurisd'uftion of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on oath, or folecnn affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and such other credible person or persons as shall, appear before him or them, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof as aforesaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation as aforesaid to have been made (such principal money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds) to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, adroini strators, or assigns, by the borrower or borrowers of such principal money; his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the said space of one year after the said pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then, on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, of such principal money, and the profit due thereon, as aforesaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, and in case the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, or assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her, or them made, by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, before any such justice or justices, such justice or justices shall thereupon, by order under his or their hand or hands, direct the goods or chattels so pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, hb, her, or their executors, administrators, gr assigns; and if the person or persons who shall have lent any principal sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten pounds, on any goods or chattels pawned, his, her, or their executors,

admini

1

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono gfcorgu 111. C 57. £59

idministrators, or assign, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make satisfaction for the goods or chattels which shall be Jo proved, to the satisfaction of fudi justice or justices as aforesaid, o have been so pawned, as any such justice or justices of the 3eace as aforesaid shall order and dire, then any such justice or ustices shall and is and are hereby authorised and required tp rommit the party or parties so refusing to deliver up or make 'atisfaction for the same, to the house of correction, or some o.hcr >ublick prison for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town,

)r place, wherein the offender or offenders shall refuie or be ronvicted, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he, he, or they shall deliver up the goods or chat'els so pawned and rontinuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the order of uch justice or justices as aforesaid, or make such satisfaction or rompensation as such justice or justices shall adjudge, reasonable or the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to the edemption of such goods or chattels so pawned and continuing edeemable as aforesaid.

X. And, to prevent any inconvenience to ter font carrying on the rade and bvftness of a pawnbroker, from fevered different persons laiming a property in the same goods or chattels, be it further enacted

y the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end of this Persons pro present session of parliament, any perfori or persons who shall at duc, n notci iny time produce any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, ^ums^e^med to the person or persons with whom the goods therein specified the owners, were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, or as authorised by the owner thereof to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the person or persons having such goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors of such goods and chattels, and the person or persons so using the said trade and business of a pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to the provisioqs of this act especting principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chat: else to the person or persons who ftaall so produce the said note )r memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and ire hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previoqs notice, from the real owner or owners hereof, not to deliver the same to the person or persons, prolacing such note, or unless notice shall have been given to him, ber, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, jr arc suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thereot proceeds k proceed in manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such note hath been lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, where notes That in case any piwnbrokef shall havohad such previous notice or memoran

as dame loathe

66o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57.

[17!}*

pawnbroker as aforesaid, or in case any such note or memorandum is afon* to deliver a d^all be lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraud ulently obtained fee

Cupy' the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels met

tinned therein shall remain unredeemed, that thep, and in every such case, the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the (& goods and chattels were so pledged or exchanged, shall, at rht request and application of any person or persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the pawnbroker as the pwner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge, ora changed as aforesaid, deliver to such person or persons fa rc questing and applying for the same a copy of the pore or memo randum so loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular ciraaa stances attending the case, printed or written, or in part prised and in part written, on the said copy, as the same shall be send to him or her by the party applying as aforesaid, for which copy of such note or memorandum, and form of affidavit, ic case the money lent shall not exceed the fucp of ten Shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; and in case the money lent shall exceed the sum of ten Shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled to reccin and take on giving the original note or memorandum, fed money to be paid by the party applying fpf the same, at the time of making the said application; and the person or per&os having so obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, spd form of affidavit as aforesaid, (halt thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or right to, such goods and chattels, to the satisfaction of same justice of the peace for the county, riding,

division, city, town, liberty, or place, where the said goods or chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and shall also verify on oath, or affirmation, as the case may be, before same justice of the peace, the truth of the particular dr cumstances attending the case mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, 'to be made as aforesaid, the caption of such oath or affirmation, to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the justice before whom the same shall be made, and who dull and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, whereupon the pawnbroker shall suffer the person or persons proving sech property to the satisfaction of such justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving fads copy of the said note or memorandum, and the said affidavits affirmation, with the said pawnbroker, to redeem such goods nr chattels.

Fawned goods

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

deemed for an goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged shall mdofa year.* °ccined forfeited, and may be sold at the expiration of one 1'whole year from the time of the pawning the same; and that all

goods and chattels so forfeited, on which any sum above ten millings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have been kot, shall be sold by public auction, but not otherwise, by the order of the person having the faiqc in pawn at and after the expire

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. 661

of the said year; but the person employed to sell such goods ohattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause same to be exposed to p4biicjt view, and catalogues thereof^jsublished, and an advertisement, giving notice of such fate, caomaining the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawn cars with whom the said goods or chattels were in pledge, conferred on two several days in same public newspaper,

1$?ys at teaft before the first day of file, upon pain of for ng to the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, for ry offence in the premises, the sum of five pounds,

lu Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au rtey aforesaid, That in case any person or pei Tonnes entitled to on notice aeon goods or chattels in pledge shall, before the expiration of fr0lp persons Aid one year, from the time of pawning the same, give ricf in writing to the person or persons having the same in to sell, three dge, or leave the same'at his, her, or their nfual place of months fur de, not to sell the same at the end f the said one year, then, ass°"e<* i in every such case, such good or chattels shall not be sold re

disposed of by the person or persons having the same in douption.*rdge, until after the expiration of three months, to be com ted from the expiration of the said year; during which said m of three months the owner or owners of the said goods d chattels shall have liberty to redeem the same upon the rms stipulated and provided by this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hat all and every person or persons to whom any goods or Account of lattcls shall have been pawned or pledgld, shall, from time to fa, cio'eoter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her or them pawnbrtiers r that purpose, a true and just account of the sale of all goods qa book; id chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for upwards of ten linings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the day hen, and the money for which such goods or chattels pawned ere sold, together with the name and place of abode of the j&ioneer by whom the same were sold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer; and in case any such goods and overplus r chattels shall be sold for more than the principal money and Pq, <1 to coat aforesaid due thereon at the time of such sale, the overplus all, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, on demand, to the ed or sold, erson by whom, or on whose account such goods or chattels rere pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or fligns, in case such demand shall be made within three years ifter such fele, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being irft deducted; and such person or persons who pawned or ledged such goods or chattels, his, her, or their executors, ad ninistrators, or afligfis, shall, for his, her, or their satisfaction a th; s matter, be permitted to inspect the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspection the fuuv of one penny, and no more; and to case any person or persons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or Who is entitled to such overplus money, t inspect such pqtry as aforesaid in any such

book

66z

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. [ijij

book or books, such person or persons, if an executor or q tutors, administrator or administrators, or assignee or affigi^ at such time producing his, her, or their letters ttftamouz letters of administfation, or alignment, or in case thegoodsi chattels were sold for more than the sum entered in any fuj book or books, otis any such person or persons shall not tm such entry as aforesaid, or shall not have, bona fide % accordii^j the directions of this act, sold the same, or shall refqfetofaf such overplus upon demand to the pawner or pawoers, hss, hc; i or their executors, administrators, or alsigns, he, (he, ortkj producing such their letters testamentary, letters of admioith tien, or assignment, every such person or persons so offcad>{ shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the sum suchgooti and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to theprfa or persons by whom or on whose account such goods or chants were pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrator«to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders good, and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any m justices of the peace for the county, riding division, city, tonne, liberty, or place where the offence shall be committed.

XV. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforew, That from and after the end of this present session of pailiaae; no person or persons having any goods or chattels in pwp shall, under any pretence whatsoever, either by himself, ork self, or by any other person for hifn or her, purchase any tet goods or chattels fc being in pledge with him or her, duringu time the same shall remain in his or her custody, as fob I pledge, save and except at suchpublick auction as aforesaid, ac shall suffer the same to be redeemed with a. view or intentions purchase the same; nor shall any such person taking.or baric; any goods or chattels in pledge, make, or cause to he mao, any contra or agreement with any person or persons offeri; to pledge, or pledging the same, or with the owner or owns of the pledge, for the purchase, sale, or disposition of the fid goods and chattels, before the expiration of one whole year fre^ the time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any paur broker purchase, or receive, or take any goods or chattels & pledge of or from any person or persons who shall appear to b: under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, or take in pawn, pledge, or exchange, the note cr memorandum aforesaid of any other pawnbroker;, nor buy ay goods or chattels, in the course of his, her, or their trade u business, before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of seven of the clock in the evening, through time for out the year; nor receive or take in goods or chattels by way a

taking in pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight of the clock in the

pawns limit forcnoon^ or after n; nc Of the clock in the evening, between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day following, or before seven of the clock in the forenoon, or after ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and excepting cn

the

Pawnbroker not to purchase goods whilst they are in his custody.

Anno vwxsimo nono. Georgiiill. C 57* 663

Vtfnings predcding Good Friday and Christrhas Day; rtor fhz\} person or persons exercise or cfarry on the trade or business £#4tnbfoker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, it, from and after the end of this present session of parlia pawnbrokers t, 'au and every person and persons, who shall follow and to place in f on the trade and business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to view the table stinted or printed in large legible characters the rate of profit ofpro»t8, CC red by this act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also various prides of the notes or memoranda to be given by*her, or, them, according to the rates aforesaid, and an ac it Of what notes or memoranda are to be delivered gratis, of the expense of obtaining a second note or memorandum, rrethe former one ha been lost, mislaid/destroyed, or frau sntly obtained, and place the farfie in a conspicuous part or it of the (hop or other place wherein he, she, or they shall yon such trade and business, so as to be visible to, and legi by, the persons pledging goods and chattels (landing in the rral boxes or places provided for such persons coming to m or redeem goods and chattels at such (hop.

EVIL And for the better manifesting by whom the trade and ness of a pawnbroker ball hereafter bt carried on, be it further idled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end pawnbroker's this present session of parliament, all and every person or per" aj?e8 anc. is, who shall follow or carry on the trade or business of a p^cedover xnbroker, fhaftcause to be painted or written, in large legible his door, traders, over the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, them respectively made use of for carryingon that trade and bu efs, the christian and surname or names of the person or peris so carrying on the said trade or business, and the word wnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the case maybe, following the northeast, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every jp or place which shall be (o made use of for the space of one rek, without having such name or names, and the said word, painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and e of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the nds and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the; spective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or placehich warrant such justices are hereby authorised and required grant), upotvthe confession of the party or parties, or upon the formation of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath or firmation, as the case may be; and the said penalty, when the \arges of recovering the same shall be deduced, mall be paid half to the informer, and the other half to the use of there aor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be com titted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such enalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for fuclr ifticcs, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their ands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be com litted to the county gaol t>r house of corredhon, there to remain rirhout bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three ca

Jcrwfaf

Penalty on pawnbrokers selling goods

time, or in juring the m.

664 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. [r

Iendar months, nor !efs than fourteen days, unless tkuj nalty, and ajl reasonable charges, shall be (boner paid fied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority i That if, in the course of any proceedings before any pdutl justices of the peace, in pursuance of or under thb&, kti before Limited appear> or b proved to the satisfaction of the justice orjkfoq upon oath or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods arete tels pawned as aforesaid have been sold before the timeifbari by this act, or otherwise than according to the dir^£th»saide a, or have been embezzled, or are become or have betato dered of less value than the same were at the time of pledging thereof, by or through the default, neglect, or w misbehaviour of the person or persons to whom the him at so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, admufo tors, or assigns, agents or servants, then, and in any foebok it shall be lawful for every such justice and justices, and he act they is and are hereby required, to allow or sward a rcafant* satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels,respea thereof, or of such damage $ and the sum or fuossof ney so allowed or awarded, in case the same, shall not amena the principal and profit aforesaid, which shall appear tq beds any person or persons to whom the lame, were so pmgd j pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, orafiga, shall be deduced out of the said principal and profit and mil cases where the goods and chattels pawned as a^xecud A have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient ht & pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executes, admkyfrxsn, or assigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the babe, after deducting out of the principal and profit as aforesaid, k the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable fetisfo&ac, a respect to such damage, as any such justice or justices shall oc or award, and, upon so doing, the justice orjuftieps fhas pr ceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their exeat administrators, or assigns, had paid Or tendered the whole not due for the principal and profit aforesaid; and if thefatisbftrc to be allowed and awarded to the owner orownecsjof feck gm or chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the prithupai and pro aforesaid, then, and in such case, the person or persons to oboe the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, pr their actors, administrators, or assigns, shall deliver the goods or chisels (b pledged to the owner or owner's thereof, without best, paid anything for principal or profit in respect thereof, and fiul atfo pay such exeels, if any, to the person or persons entiw thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered zl applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afordd Pawnbrokers That k shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, upon coo "*plaint made to him on the oath or affirmation of one prmcr

credible witness or witnessesj where any information shall bete tgamft any pawnbroker for having offended against this act, a

itfpd

so produce their books when necessary.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57* €65

fycdling Arty dispute between any pawnbroker and person hav g pawned goods, dr the owner or owners of goods pawned, or spedting any felorty or other matter, or on any other occasion hatsoever, which, in the judgement of any justice or justices,

All make the pfoduction of any book, note, voucher, or other iper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the bands, custody, r pirtwer of arty pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker be mri him, to attertd, with all and every or any book, note, ouchcv, be paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his r heir eoftbdy or power, relating to the same. Which he or she is ereby required to produce before such justice or justices in the Arethe same Was ot* were made at the time the pawn or pledge was eceived, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatever; And in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to tttertd, or to produce the lame in its true and perfedf state, fuel ttwtibroker shall, in case he or she doth hot shew good cause fof uch neglect or refusal, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, forfeit the sum of ten pounds for the use, and to be levied n the martrret, herem after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any pawnbroker shall, from and after the end of n

this prefect session of parliament, in any wise offend against this Ending* act, every ftch pawnbroker shall, for every such offence, if) against this neglecting to make or cause to be made, in a fair and regular att. manner, in stich book or book as aforesaid, any such entry as it inquired toi>e made by him, her, or them, by this act, forfeit the sum 6f tert pounds; and for every other offence against this act, where ho forfeiture or penalty is provided or iraposed on any particular br specifkk offence against any part of this act, the sum of ftve pound; And that all forfeitures incurred by aqy offence committed against this act shall and may be levied by distress and file of the goods And chattels of the offender or offenders, by watrartt under the hand and seal or hands and Teals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, towrt, dr place where the offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful for theiustice or justices to award to the parry tttthpfaftring, out of the said penalty, the sum of two pounds and ten billings, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties, Wot bthferwife'disposed of and applied by this act, to be paid and Applied to and for the use of the poof of the parish or place Wtfeffe the bflfence shall have been committed, and shall be paid "Co theovetfeers of the poof Of such parish or place for that pur

j xxf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limitingtbe Pterion Or persons shall be subject or liable to any prosecution or Pro

Hrtfbfrrtitiort before Any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of this act, for any offence or offences against this act, unless infor llttfirtoft (hah bd given of such offence or offences within twelve l&lendlr months next after the offence committed.

W XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. 'That the churchwardens and overseeds of the poor of any parish aens^&^to j'" or Profcciste, &c.

666 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 571 [1789.

or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, or same or one of such officers, at the drferction or direction of any justice of the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, fha If, and they, 'or tome or one of them, to be nominated by such justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every offender fort every offence so to be suggested by such justice to have been committed against this act, at the expense of the respective parish whereof*they or he are, is, or shall be, for the time being, such officers or officer.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or pef fofts whomsoever, who shall lend money to any person or person whomsoever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum interest, without taking any further or greater protit for the loan oir forbearance of such money lent, on aoy pretence whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices not to That no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or re

CC vc by any justice of the peace, or his clerk, or by any person whomsoever, for any summons or warrant, or other proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or made by any juaice or justices of thfe peace in pursuance of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the provisoes, regulations, and clauses contained in this present act, shall, from and after the end of this present section of parliament, extend to and include the executors, administrators, and assigns, of all and every deceased pawnbroker, in the same manner as the lams extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, save and except that no fufti executor or administrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be tnfwerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, or to be

!aid out of his, her, or their own moneys or eft*te, unless the ame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own ft or neglect. i

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, he sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by. him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of anj chose, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons my General issue. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority fnhabitapts of aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, informations, trials, and any place other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation torany fence com matter or thing herein contained, any inhabiunt of the parish,

toon,

Act not to extend to persons lending money at 51. percent, without further profit.

or gratuities for acting under this act.

This act to extend to executors, see. of pawd brokers

J ^noo; Vicefitno noner Georgii III. c. 57. 667

V n which any offence or offence shall btcoja Mltteri deem

jtjqptrvy 10 the true intent and meaning of thi* a, (lull1t5°2, kt*nt £tted to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent w e C # notwithstanding his, her, or their being ao inhabitant Tk afrit ants of the parish, town, or place wherein any such icip or pfferices shall be supposed to have betn committed;

'vm. And be it further enacted by the authority afore i^u\.that the justice or justices before whom any person (frail£<*onvj<sted, in manner prefenbed by thiyafl, shall cause such pfee^ive conviction to be drawii up in the form or io die effedfc cwlowing; (that is to say),

den of Form of Coo

_ of his Ma -i&oha

Jess reign % A.B. is utivified before, of his

Alai

BE it remembered That bn this in the

maj{/ly s justices of the peace for the said county of or j for the riding or divisien of the said county of

or, for the cityf liberty, ot town of as the case shall happen to be] for and the said do adjudge him [or her] to pay and

forfeit for the same the sum of

Given under

the day and year a/orefdidi

Add the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be fradt shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form aforesaid, to fre fairly written upon parchment, and transmuted to the next general or quarter feflipn of the peace to be held for the countyf tiding, division, city, town, liberty, or place wherein such. con vij&ion was had, to be hied and kept amongst the records of the far<jlgcp4{ai or quarter session > in case any pci ion or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or Justices to the said general or quarter session, the justices in such general or quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this a, any law, custom, or ufa^e to the contrary notwithstandingj and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereof, in pursuance of this a.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby forther.enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any offence or appetl offence punishable by this a & shall think him or herself aggrieved by thp judgement of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal tq the justices at the next general or quarter section of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, ut^ty^tp'wn, or place, where such judgement shall have been givfrj; and that the execution of the said judgement shall in such case see suspended, the person so convicted.entering into a recog aiitmceat the time of such copyidlion, with two sufficient sureties,

669 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 5$^' [1789; r

indoulble the dim which such personftill h*rei>den*4. L u judged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profctute such api pent With eflfest, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of thi justices in their said ndxt'getkrai c*' 1 quarter session, and to pay such costs as the hid justices in I session shall award on such occasion, which recognisance the said justice or justices before whom such conviaion shall be had I is and are hereby empowered and Acquired to take; and the justices in the said general or quarter session are hereby authored and required to hear and ft natty determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such Costs as to them (half appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, open the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the joftfee or jaffc* ces, before whom the appellant fhsl have been convtded, fital be affirmed, such appellant shall immediatdr pay the foo which he or she shall have been adjudged to rorfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter fef fion shall award to be paid for defraying the expenses (Wtamed by the defendant or defendants in Rich appeal, or in ddfaalt m malting such payment shaft fufftr the respective pains and penalties by this a inflicted upon persons tefpedlively who im neglect to pay, or shall not pay, the respective fonts Of forfeitures by this act to be paid by or imposed open perfotts ttfjptc* tively who shall be convicted by virtue Of this act. 1j?

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority Publickatf. That this acts shall be a public atft; amt bejudictfhy teken

notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other perftmv whotnsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority bafore coutinuaacc feid, That this adfc shall be in force for one whole yeat, eo of this act. from thence to the end of the then next sessions of parivamnt}

and no longer.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for better regulating and ascertainfhg the importation/id exportation of corn and grain; and also for better regulating tie' exportation of larch, and the importation of rape seed. '

1, O "1. »4 V

WHEREAS, by an act in the twenty first year of the

II Geo. 3. V reign of his present Mojejif, (entitled, An act for tether C 30. recited, regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within several ports and place therein: mead oned,) ttrtain rules end regulations ere established after taming

the common average prices of, wheat, rye, pettfi, bum,

barley, malt, beer, bigg, and oats, at the market. called Tfo Corn Exchange, within the city of London, with, tha Intent and sir the purposes therein mentioned: and whereas it it bfuibe jmfrea directed and provided that the common prices of Engtifo rae I grain, of the said several forts respt&'ntely, as worn witbutfiiddty of London and port thereof, as at or in tha several temm^flam,

and ports within the counties, of kcm te&e&xn xabertmfarmot

tin

17sftj Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

wjbtr&af of tbofind fever eft sorts respective/y/ml or may baim* pw$r#ail* for ibt purpose of regulating tbt duties payable <and to VA; 4«^ importation thereof and the bounties payable and to ho paid m fbt> eppartatmjbanof, be made therefhr k depend upon and so(&t*nfd' h the prises of the said severalforti /'brirish torn and grpk nfpeuively* os tbt ijomt Ml be afurtaiaed within the city of, '

London by tie. pravifious in the said afi contained: and whereas the said recited act requires amendment, explanations and alteration»and it will he beneficial to the public that proper powers and provi jim be ijisbiished for regulating the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within the jtveral ports and places within that part c/qt^v Britain called Kuglaad not comprised in the said recited act % qnd in the town of Berwick upon Twefti: may it therefore ptafa ypvr Majesty that it may be eroded; ami be it enacted by, fti)e sting's most excellent majesty by and with the advice anduconsent of the lords spiriutal and temporal and commons, ia ^isnpresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of ther/ame* That (o much of the bud recited act as relates to So modi of by lot two corn factors* and as requires their persona) recited act ai appearance at the court of general quarter sessions, for the put' rate ioh pofef inrtbe said recked ad contained, shall be, and the same is sot "com hereby repealed and that indead thereof every corn factor, factor, and frost^whem.any eetum is required by the said act, shall within requires their one calendar month next after the passing of this act, or within appearance.^ ooefjdetnhr month from the time he shall begin to deal by cqmrtdffiaa in the sale of corn and grain take the following pealed; 'and oatly, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm*fnstead there videlicet of com factors

are to take

I. AB. dfc swear for affirm,] That the returns of the prises and ^lowid* fwtntitieo, of jbritish corn and grain, which henceforward shall be bp or for me sold and delivered, hall) to the hest of my knowledge and belief contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the corn bona fide sold and delivered by or for me within the period to which they hall refer, with the prices and names of the buyers resptflively, and, to

the hest of my judgement, conformable Soothe directions of an act passed in the twenty sir ft year of the reign of his present Majestyi entitled, An act for further regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of com atod grain, within the several pods mnd planes therein mentioned.

which oaiu or affirmation the lord mayor of the city of London

forahc tjwtc being is hereby empowered and required to admi

ruder and to grant a certificate thereof, to be registered by the

inspector of corn returns j and in case any person shall carry on

tb^tiiadc or 'bnfmefs of a corn factor without taking the said

oath agreeably to the direction of this act, every such person

shall forfeit a*ki pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by ti penalty of

warrant of dt&efii and hie and applied in like manner as the jol.

acnafoefc'and forfeitures imposed by (he said recited act arc

herein dtrefied t bo recovered, levied, and applied.

Y y % II And

o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. $8. £*7 %

inspeaor of II andutbertps that Mw tf*.* fm" and hcompuy, nnltftphptrjm dtaliti, as f&fdqw amuhqged y fromrwt rt*rtiutr rtfptflimatmuntsm tbtsofptffortfypft r/<«r»u.bq* corn factor ia therefore on»#ed»that, tfeq iafpeftqr ofeomretorus for the Lond, anl type, being frail aadi waydemand, take, «>4, rei*we, and l^wm^rn ftoan^vwry.pwlpo whodopsor my hereafter carryopi tfsc, trade of tlje cornrb P<* cwi.fadfof in the city 9t ia, the sob

brought into Whs thereof, true weekly account or return of ^hejpseral the Thame* quantities. of COTA ojf grajn that shall be brought into the riftr ?lft*£ld of Thomas t eastwarrf of London Bridge of the cefopdtive forts^mm* Bridge whichww*.io tlw before jwfodjift) by bint W fdticw and deli wa loid by w<d during ftp preceding wqekj in which wppkly return him during frail he inferred the price py quarter, and the amount of.eyey the preceding pareel, with the total quantity and value, of each class, a*aik> wefk* ilienamoor naoaca of thepurchaser orpurchasers thereof j: the

fhich return fid weekly accounts or return to bechasgpd wifr. the.fati af ed withon?" 9oe halfpenny for every I aft or tea quartans contained j$t them, halfpenny for and be delivered to the inspector of corn returns a the Carp every last cm change, or sent to hi office within the time limited by. t he said tainedthere repjted as.; .;

n', III Aid inherent thtfum of one halfpenny every Ufa yiffqper

ters*. dirtied by that hid raisedtht tvmnty frfiyyn ^tfiprmge tf his prtftnt mojito*to be and rtyivtian pay

sold and.delivtrtd, hath bun found tnfufficim rmpbupefa. fhp proprietors

of the Corn Exchange the oppepcesthortly*m on them j and as it is reasonobh that all joretgn urn and, grain,*

that, delivery thereof out of the ip which they jfrpju, ho, imported,

Should be liable to duties or chap get*- as well as up; f andjgnppi Foreign com of British growth; be it therefore ponded. That all wtreigneorn to be charged and: grain, ( When; deliver«dput of any frip or ships io the pop penoy "or of London, frail be charged with one peony for cvpry Ufror every bit, to tea quartefp, and that, it frail be lawful for the jncpcdaref be paid by the own returns, to demand, collect, and receive the famefroua caph faaoror iman every corn fadort or importer of com, on whole account todebver an ^uch foreign corn or grain shall be delivered outqfthe (hipor account frips in which the same frail have Jbpen imported apd thar the thereof to the corn factor or importer frail deliver q full and trap acpppnt.nf inspector the quantity of the said corn or grain to the com infoc&of, after unthip wi, ha 0° week^fter the delivery thereof from the fhtp. or ping. V ship } the inspector of corn retuma may be paid fwchaa Com inspec additional salary of any sum not exceeding eighty pounds, for may be annum more than he is at present allowed, as the lord may?, paid an act alderinenr od justices of the peace, at any quarter fcfkons held "salary ff He city of London, shall order and dire, opt <^thp\nm|iw that frail be conedied and received by virtue o thifi V

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The overage That the general average price of British corn or grain fotnetdjy prim.formed formed, computed, and distfnguifred, on the wholeflppvb*r of weekly re weekly dates or returns, shall be taken and deemed flfthp^and

turn, to be so have been, the common price of middling Brififo fm deemed the grain, of the «spe<fuve fors thaeintmpn«owd, ifk. aqo. during the

by

nnb u^nrt6<fl^g*ollir lh. G. 6yx

Wd gfencril avcng* prim ftlatf refety as commoaprice frahswihifi trfe dty"df iandttr, and port thereof, as within the fc^tvai phrts1, Tdwm, and places within the counties of £$/*> Londtfh, tftnrj and tsk^}.*v irtiafeift fotfcigti corn'or graht'of the f»td t fc(tb*, Kent, 'mftive'ftjrt^ htay he irttported1; Mud which frid general average andsetrx. Wtii'ft Wall be lawful'f«lr th fiwihm, d tnayor, aldermen, and Average' bfticfctof the pteaet of (Mid for the said city, and they are hereby pubffrhed In e^aised to catrfe to be puwhhed in the 'London &daart//, once in the Gaoette, rath dfihcfoufseveral wifcks iinmediatelyfireceedmig fuehfelbons efphdiweiythe expeh!tdsw<hdneh'pobneation(han and may be'"' said irtit of any af' the ttlbhih in'thdtlfcndi of the said inspeaot >pk?drnrtk\mis, byvirttte ofjtftfc fald'wched aft; and also iiw n, ocr^1, d neffiawto eertity tlttf fcidi^uttto hls majestfs eotteflt)rv<* jthet^cwef officer of the custewisfbrthe time befog for the port customs in )f the' Rid CI ry Of London, Who than thfereopew ttanftnif ucepy London, who n 'sbjii^lbferedf to the feterel eolleifior^artd Otherchief officers* to transmit ifhw 'ckjihsttn for rfcetvme being', redding' in the several ports, collec owtm; bi"pl*ces within the said counties of Essex, Kent., and torsat the forcigrt corn'ot grain of the same respective sorts port in

0 certified may be imported, a copy of which certificate shall kfk*. ^ent» ieshing'np rn'some publklt place in the custom houses thereto whenforeign jdbftgir^, 't which all persons may resort for their information; corn may be ind wheft'ever it Ihsrlli ppeaf i from such returns to published, or imported.

d cmiflbfi asiifonisaid, that the prices of all dr any of the for When, from icnsskfwhsofgtain in the said rfedtdd aft enumerated are at Or theretarna.it ibdw^uiisf respective prides specified in an act passed in the appear, hirwerttn ycii^ offiis ptefent majesty's reign, (entitled, An k[ndo° g*rafn

1 R'iffegume the iftipdrtotion and exportation of corn,) then, and enumerated n fudh Case, it fifah be lawful to import, at any port or place the recked ahef^fcofrrittth'bcfcwufuafiy, or may be imported, within the '*{* is thor

rity of H'tridori and pbrt rtiereds, and the said counties of kjfen, on^spedfied kew, ati\w&uflix?aamiich 'species of corn and grain as shall be in 13 Geo. 3. b tfetfhwd to be at or above foeh rate as aforesaid, upon paye 43. it may Wfrtt bf dirties commortly called or known by the name of k!n?poli^d M l.o&[t)atift % and she dutiesand customs payable and to be essex, Kent aforesaid, on the importation of foreign corn or grain of andsu(tex, on hfclfeybr£lt6rts therein mentioned, shall becolledtad and paid payment of esdrding'to such general average p/ioes (6 pubushed in the Jow \(fnhk cwt#ie, or To certified as aforesaid, and by no other rule, d, tlc, eglifaubh, or provision whatfs^ver, anything in this or the id saw recited a, or any other law or Statute, to the contrary beftofttvaitywise notwithstanding.

by the aid netted act of the twenty first year fhai fYifeki Majijlf i reign, it is enacted, That the bounties balle said w anybritish com exported, according to a subsequent re

'tni^kjbbtitby 'mdnvthietuies and delays have arisen to the export rt f bdit therefore ena^ed^ That the said inspector of corn re Inspector of irfhij£bwh^ry week, send to his majesty's collesor or other f0 returns fiiefbffifcet*tfr thettistoms for the time being, for the city of codec£>rof Mbntvid port thereof ( who shah thereupon transmit a copy the customa r tbpit^thcic^to^hd^vtral colleaors or either chief oflkera in London,

Y y j ofmhoigtq

67* Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. £f7*9

transmit 6f rite euftwas for the time being in the <*'ptotq. ttmm.

copies to the and places, within the counties of Efftx, and

collectors in week's accdunt which by this act he i directed don koto'mmi.

ndsoffe*1' nct beforp mentioned j' and whenever any bri^trx^m

the week's' shall be exported from the said city of and p«>nt rhertift,

account he is 6r from any port, fohn, or place, within the (hid eotmator W

directed to ejfrx, Kent, and sttjj&e, the entry for exportation may be made,

and the bounty thereoh shall be aftertainod, regulated, I paid, 19 to be the ... [.., ar, 7 r 7*

guide for the according to the weekly average of the price of ajcii corn sod

bounty to graih within the said city and port, s the same shall appear

be paid oq from the accounts hereby directed to berranfautted to fforfeid

owof corn co^e^or or °*hcr chief officer of the customs respednvdy, by

C*the said inspetffor of corn returns, until a new average fbahte

so formed and transmitted to such collectors or other chits-aft

cers, and by them received.

VI. And whereas the term of three months limited by the feu recited act, hath been found to be too tog for property ascercnimikg the average prices of corn and grain (except oats) for the pnrpofieef determining the expediency of allowing the importation thereof at the port London, ovd the several ports and places within thetotniiei ^elsex, Kent, andsuflexi be it therefore farther enacted hr From Not. t, the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fsrft day of ioccto^of* ^<mm^rr one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, the>in« cura returnt spe<^or of com returns for the time being shall and may, and he to make up is hereby required to make up, compote, and distinguish from from the 6 and upon the six weekly accounts immediately preceding each counts re anc CVCI7 of the peace to be held for the said city of

ceding each London, which he is by the said recited dt directed and required fdftons of the to keep, the general aggregate quantity/and price thereof of peace for each respectire forr of British Corn or grain (oats only excepted) enc^a^ at appear to have been bona fide sold or delivered in and gregafequan during the said six several weeks, and 0lfo the average prices tity and price thereof respectively; and the lame being made up, formed; and of corn (oats computed in manner and form by the said recited act presented inth^riolf or <luarterty rctufnv by him required to be made, ihordeti

etc*to l°rc* mayor aldermen, and justices, of the

the peace to be held for the city of London, wheneterfteh sessions shall be held, and shall also verify the same upon oath in such and the same manner as by the said recited adfc is pre feribe'd.^.i.

For the por* Vlf. And be it further enacted, That, for the purposesbete posts of this by intended and herein after expressed, the several enactitoc timecoimtves coum, JS Within that part of Great Britain called England ftwfcbc to be divided Chided into diffridts, in the following manner; (thtf STW (by,) into the dif the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge fhktf be ttte first d&rifl; tricts he rein the county of Norfolk shall be the second «4iftef&; rtw specified. finish and York fhaff be the third dlftrits;

Durham and Northumberland, ind she towfo'ftwetd, shall be the fourth dirr^ th fffrfrtesriafocmblettod and jvtftmorefarjy(saw' bfc the fifth Obltmfrrof

lancajltt andthrjttr fiteh be htehiafclfiiihof

flint,

&3

/uiocrrtocfoiiobonog^ohrafflilk e.

jrhmtj Denbigh, Anglefta, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, Ono^ be >the seventh distrkft; the counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Car.

shall be the eighth dicti 5 the cqun >t'»s of Ghutester, Aomerfet, and Monmouth, and the city and county of the city of b*ifl*l, shall be the ninth distrus; the counties of Devon and Cornwall shall be the tenth distrhft; and she counties of Dorset and Hants ihau be the eleventh.district; act) that in the several counties forming the districts herein. before enumerated, shall, for the purpqies of this act, be included and be considered as part thereof, all such several cities, towns, or places, within the said several counties, as are eotmtie* of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt or peculiar jurisdiction; and the justices of the peace for the Justices at the Jecera) and respective counties, at the general quarter fefii Michael

ons to be held after the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next aum

'Cnfuingj shall select and nominate a number of principal market ber of prin towns within each county or riding respectively, (such nutnhpr cipal market not being more than twelve, nor lese than eight, and so as in no distrfei the number be left than eight, except as herein after is excepted,) from which towns so to be nominated, and from having peca rwhich several cities, towns, or places, being counties of them liar jurisdic foives, or having or enjoying an exempt or peculiar jurisdictrtn, don, the ond^being seaports, the price of corn for such county, city, f^each town, or place, shall be taken in manner hereafter directed: county shall provided always, That in such counties where there shall not betaken.

- be four market town; the prizes of corn for each such county hait be taken from every market town within the same.

- vuit Provided always, and be it further goacted, That in Two marketi'that part of the third district which consists of the county of f9jj the

- Turk, two markets for die east riding, and two markets for the C

north riding, shall be selected and nominated for the purposes north riding of this act by the justices of each respective riding; and also, ofyorkshire ftliat in the fifth, district, confiding of the counties of Cumber to be selected. land and Westmoreiand, it shall be lawful for the justices of each "

tfcspective county to fcieck and nominate such markets for the West more,

of this act, as they shall think fit, provided the nun land such a her does not exceed four for the county of Cumberland, and two number as for the county of Westmoreland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said justices in their not exceeding said quarter sessions a (Tern bled shall, and they are hereby autho four for the 6 - rifed and required to appoint, from amongst the chiet confta former, and fcks, or such other perjtons as to them shall, appear more expecthe

4koft, within their respective jurisdictions, one or more person nuart'cr or persons, residing within or near each and every of the towns ons to api

__________ CA 1.. _ i__fr.

fofcledted and nominated as aforesaid, tocolledt weekly an ao point persons

- >llect

cooat of the prices and quantities of corn and grain in such to c?jle<a town or towns, and the person or peridot so to be appointed rountsofeorn fbatlbs called lnfp*&tr or Infptftots tfjof and grain at the several '

'towns receptively and the said iotpectors ihaji duly and towns fosse. regularly, return, in every week, to the receiver of com. returns ledted, who epptiswdhy virtue of au act passed in the tenth year of his >: \ Y y 4 present

reeeiw of com return, on penalty of sol.

and frujftnit

duplicates to the collect or oftbecuftouu at the port within their respective. V pjftrjcis., |,

No mill, ft, to be aaiti*: tfpe&or.

Inspector may be dtf charge^.,

Vtcaacin maybe lucd up by Ueo justice*.

Ttrspecton to take the fpl towing

o*tbf

an/tft v^chmoi nmooeotmi^ttlb^jaon A

prefect V Amatlfer nrfefteutujftb^ftium

at ' % ubitk xrru is sold ttv the several tsantrrs of? Or cut brttaia, and the ^uantit^etfpotted and, imparted, < the weetol ppr kpmi qmzoo» tief com tad gramme, onpamofaridtufgv tmqfle»e*yxtgk& therein, the sum often pounds; which rerqrns shall be lodged with, and remain in the custody of, the said receiver of corn re turn, for the purposes xxf this islj and the inipedtoraor mljmp tors of the prices of coin and grain aforesaid ifeau alloretan duplicate of(wch \*eabiy>|mgeaof corn and grain to rbe ceuch toros oriierhic£office* laifithearvftomss; atau the porta within itheif recpc£uvcidiftai£t<; and aacbbceme&wor other riwcf ofr ca^fq a copy ithcacaf so km hang^wpin linaiopubkd dlaje in theevtf otn jboufartthereaohcbng^niu^ tofoviteiar atifpejv Ipat may freely >resortr provided always That for, tperchaot* clcak^agsw, or other person buying com*far Ale, shall be capable of being, appointed mar taf aehngao an^ia fpc^or vndec thtat aft; (god' that the Aid justtdbocfcadlohair* power to discharge any infoeaor or inspei^rouppibawmiiorat* be appointed as aforesaid, for mifoehaviaar or neglect* omcott -- plaint being made before them, oruoath, by one or Oaote crtc dible witness or wiinestes, which oatbtikh'fuftkeabose Jnsrehf authorised to administer: provided also, Thafip loafed at?ah?"' death discharge, orrchgnsiion of any such inspediu^rundfad.^ tors of the prices of corn and grain in the fever a I diibidsfr: fiull be lawful 10 and for two iuibcc* of the peace actio^s'or ha division where such vacancy mall happep, to pointa taand j proper person or person in the room or plate of such'itnitedtar or inspectors lo dying, or tefigning as aforesaid; wiiirfedxidm spedoror »nfpe#of$, ?o to be appointed, ihamta&in thcckcouticw. of the duty appointed by this act, until the then jiextjgcneni qua i ter akiun*of the peace after the appoint men tm made, i X And so H further enabled by the authority afoedaed. That every persona pppimed inspetf orof the price of command gnats as aforesaid frail, previous to his taking upon him the said office, take and subscribe, before two justices of the peace ferr the town, county, or divisido, wjiegc^such infpofhar shall>rcidcf the following oath (or, being of the people called jgjutiers* affirm; } videluet*

'*', _ r 1 VS

I A.B. do Jiueetr, or affirm,] That I totilat all timer mate im and trut return to the receiver of torn returns appointed tree be appointed by virtue of an o passed in the tenth par ofdbi& frtjcue Mojtftfi reign, (entitled. An act for regdlering; the prieex ar which corn is (bm hhc fevecah counties of Great Britain,uud the quality exported and imported,) of the weekiptfuamiemuai prices of comand grain at the market hold at^d*oi^r ouotdiat ta the otcitattdehverjd te mehyxhe ftoewl^ buyers ef torn and grain at the fold mar he; and that I vvodofcmy hest endeavours to procure true atmantt tf fath yaumus > and penes, from fnth begets, amu all thiugt, t+the hest of and fttdp*

tnttdj Q tvformbk M) (fa etfipajfeim^&sot^ '

t ninth

aaa#vkdi*lormi(»<lkoit(nrlilbdy^a 675 "

tftjmfof Mi mtjtflfkinggeorge Thirdt^.'.".

tk+ faata^l far better regulating and aicertaiwing theiftipef.,

pmuuprl.exportation ot cmnao4gnun > and ahb twbetterre> '

- ipg<t>a?»3ipakatton atstarch, and the importation of rape 1 ag^bu III .'1 tii'.' '-.. t t

yt iii(>j K'. - II*» r vv

wb^lfo thatcvpry such inspefiqr of the prices qfeerrt1 a rid grwrt suohtiiuse* ... tilrckuly and regularly enter in a. book or books tfr be provided r 1

dhept for that pttrpose, the several accounts of thet|i«mfties account'prices of corn and grain received by him from the respective the quantities yera. and of the retnma made of ihereotvbridtranfrnrtted by and price of oam lbe hid receiver of corn tetania in l*ndm\ wfdch^l^id cmaaita, book or books, and remrm^ihau notbe made public. l«.j^j^' '(bewaby the said inspector, or by his privity or eohferrt, fotunn.nukle o

1 jv*

In'*!

bach such inspector shall reside, uniter the penalryand forfeiture proper'though foqn of twenty pounds. - i VI ." °; 8n penalty of

XL. And be it further enacted by the buthdfivy 'oftfrilaw: 1*1,

'baa the said receiver of corn returns fhdly and be it hereby'receiver of qtufed or the first day of Ftbmary, the frrft day lof '/wiif, "(he, '^orn rewhis^ ritday oi.augufty and the wy yean, to make up,

pon the bit six weekly accounts or retutna by him: mfuant to the directions of thiffaft, 'immediately precwtr^|^crai Wrc.* ncfad tdjpe£uve periods, the general aggregate quantity and f each respective sort of Britishcorn and grain (foats exc^p^d)^), corn hat shall appear po have been bona fiit sold or delivered, fh tfmf; lmd grain; luring such six weeks, within each respeditive \vhich1a

ccoont he is by this act required to receive and Writer hi a book

r books to be provided for thatpurposejandin like mariner thb general aggregate quantity and cost of all oatl5 ihati ftftlf^p^jf r '

ihe la ft twelve weekly accounts or returns preceding fudi*'

grinds to have been so sold or delivered within each respefwir10 iiftrid; and such accounts ibeing so made up forthwith to trartf 'ahd to trans muavcopy thereof, jcogecherwith a general^efage erf the pricei*c°py of each respective species of corn and grain computed th^efrim^yhe c\?lec within each respective district, during the feveraf terms aforesaidp^orsof the to hb majestp's colfaftbcj brother ^ietvoffitbrs^f^hvcuftotfis^customs, at for^bt time being, trefiding in they foverdt pbftsv Irrfd

plactaniiv^each^dicti^ivlterrin cori^di^ gnhv j n

imposed s^and ihp laid j$(pe<fb*d colletcuw^othkr dtfcep dffi^rivprn may be afowtudsi^er^bherebv required to iieceivt artd/entef1 rhd'iyrhtlh^mported, a betotqribqfij^o.bekepbfo^that ^mpbfe* and life fcdtiy'<wk° are to thereof to be Hung up io fartne publibk phstv^t^, th % ^xruft(^'^?tcr^houfameterofi^ dh^eribw'^t^y resort j and from

iich the portation

alftmoycaul^<u>py\t; hcreeftt\&*

pd'gmin^v^tmn^ iwws°

bewrn

formed.

I

Till the Epi pbanyfessions, 1790, the iifual retnmi for afoettain iag thedu tret on importation, and the orders mw antho ji(c6 by law, My bcmadc.

Whenever it shall appear from the returns and averages that any kirn) of grain in the rrcited ad enumerated IV ar or atxwe the price foc cifted in.

13 Geo. 3.

C t u. it <aay be imported within the several districts on payment of the low duties.

Receiver of corn returns to send to the collectors of the ctistoms fn their resptdive districts the weekly account he is directed to take, with the average thereof, which is to regulate the exporta tien, etc.

Anno vkfefanonoas gftotftji I&CU5& Xr7*$

formed, ind tmfinitttd to such eoueflor* or ocher chief qfiratf*, and by them ntccivsd..^-

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, that.mthtng in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed sr eocqrucd to extend, to prevent or binder the usual return of the prjt£t of British corn or grain, for tlte purpose of asceriiuning the duties payable on importation thereof, from being made unhlthe Epiphany session in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the manner now dirtied by law, or 10 prevent the judices, or other per font, from making stich orders, nr doing such other act thereupon, a they or any of them cefpeftfoely are now by law required or authorised ro make or da; And fed oiders or acts so made or done shall have the (amt force and effect as they have by the laws now in force, any thtogriij this act contained to the contrary not with (landing. 1.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afprafrid. That whenever it shall appear fi-om such returns and avenges as aforesaid, that the prices of all or any of the several kinds ef grain, in the said recited act enumerated, are at or above the respective prices specified in an adk passed in the thirteenth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, anv8u nguhu lb importation and exportation of torn, then and in such case it thu be lawful to import, at any port or place where corn hath been usually or may be imported, within the several districts. before mentioned, such sorts of corn and grain respectively, upon payment of the duties commonly called or known by die anueef the Low Duties and the duties and customs payable and take paid, as aforesaid, on the importation of foreign com a ad gramme of the several sorts therein mentioned, shall be collectad end paid according to such general average prices, within each diarift respectively, and by no other rule, regulation, or provision what foe ver, anything in this or the recited oft Or any other law or Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn returns shall every week send to his majesty's colteftors, or other chief officers of the customs for the time being, wiabao the respective district, the week's account which by this act be is directed to take in manner before mentioned, with the average thereof; and whenever any British corn or grain shall be exported from any port within any of the districts before aaco tioned, the entry for exportation may be made, and the bounty thereon shall be ascertain^d, regulated, and paid, accenting to the weekly average of the price of such corn and grain within that diaridt, as the same shall appear, from the returns hereby directed to be made to such coliedfors or other chief offices mem the respective collectors or other chief officers aforesaid aae bapr by required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be kapg up in some publick piece in the custom house thereto bdooging, to which all per fans may sefort) and boat such weqkjjr wftlgt

1789.] Anno vicesimo 110*0 Gsough 1u. C 5$. 6fj

heixpbrtati&n Wf Coro andgral* withhvthtt distrwt shill be |overncd and regulated, until a new averagefham be formed, inti transaffttei to focli collegers or other chief officers, and by,

: hcm received.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, not wit branding the prices of wheat or peas (hell bete 150 toot of spedtftily above the rates at which the same may be exported, biscuit and t shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this a2° q, !jrtei! o ship and export, from the port of Greenoek to the island of be wmiaulf Newfoundland, any quantity of biscuit not exceeding one him exported from Ired and fifty tonnes, and any quantity of peas not exceeding one Greenock to lundred quarters, in any one year, for the benefit of the fisheries T here, under the same regulations as biscuit and peas are, by an jurji^y be i pafifed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Ma exported to efty, (entitled. An act to abow tbt exportation of a limited quantity parts. f biscuit and peas to the island (Newfoundland /^ benefit of potwithftaod hififbery there), allowed to be exported from certain ports of*corn 0?°* herein mentioned, for the benefit of the said ftlheries; and also grain (houfd hat it shall be lawful, at all times, to ship and export starch to he above the ill places whatsoever, notwithstanding the prices of com or exportation jrain, of Which such starch may be made, shall be above the rated; ates for exportation; anything contained in this, or any other.

16k or asto the contrary notwithstanding.

JXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the prices'of wheat, peas, oats, or bar aid also the ej % (tad) be defpe^ively above the rites at which the same may quantities !e exported, it ikall and may be lawful, from and after the \

raffing of this act, to ship and export to the bay of Honduras, &c.t0thebty Or thb foftenance and use of the British settlers there, from such of Honduras, sorts in that part of Great Britain called England, and in Inch by licence proportions from each of such ports as the of of hisrofn^vlajdfty's customs shall deem proper, and for which they the ike*"aid dortimissioners, or any three or more of them, shall grant a custoim.&c, icence undct their hands, any quantity of flour, bread, peas,

)armeal, or barley, not exceeding, in one year, one thousand hrfce hundred and fifty sacks of flour, thirty tonnes of bread, thirteen tonnes of peas, thirteen tonnes of oatmeal, and thirteen torts' of barley, under the same securities, rules, regulations, cftridhons, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, as those under tfhich the like commodities are now allowed to be exported to ris majesty's sugar colonies in America, by an a passed in the Fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled,

An act to allow the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles, to his '*motyeafisugar colonies in America; and to extend the provisions of in act made in the left fejfien of parliament, entitled, An act to egifteortthe importation and exportation of com, allowing the xpottstion (f wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflanis / and Jersey, to bread, biscuit, and peas \ to allow

He exporlatfm^f alt the find unities to the island of Alderney).

3flvll.rafhtibt k farther enabled by the authority aforesaid,

given for xkt deeexportation of any 01 the

before exportation

of com modi tirg, to he dif charned on certificate from the fu p' wmendant at the bay of Hondura8, C

perfimn* grant tngor making f|ffe certificates, fire to lie fabihft to the penalties, C

Before n.' X 1796, tlfe quantities herein spect tied of corn and grain may be exported to Quebec, XI o twit hf* a nd ing the prices othtat,

Ac. maybe hiflhet than the exfmrnr^ tien prices, dec.

Com fastort in London, and inspectors of the prices

Anno vi&simo hotto georom IIT.

before mentioned commodities shall he discharged; <fce#th Ikate from the superintendant at the said bay dr from any other person who Audi be appointed fbt that^ftirifofe by the of of his majesty's customs, in like^virknner as the fccariries eiven for the doe exportation of the htodities, to the said fogar colonies m America, rt nowh>^ vntot tif the said discharged by a certificate under the hand a rid seal of the cblledlor, or of any o^hfcr of the officers therein mentioned; which certificate the said superintendant, of other pefrfon so appointed as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and require#'to wrant from time to time; undw his hand and seal; and any person'^ranring or making any fahe certificate, or cotmfcfhetrih^, crasing, or falsifying any certificate, of knowinglypbbljfehfl| such certificate so counterfeited, efafed, or falfifiect, ihasfbeftb

jedt to the same disabilities penalties, and forfeit tttfes, respectively prescribed and directed by the said act wttft'hfipsdl to the certificates therein mentioned; and that the &wpdrv«ies and forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, netbmti, and applied, in the manner directed by the said act, wrthftdb to the like penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the prices of wheat, barley, rye; 1 shall be respectively above the rates at which the'lame fexposted, it shall and may be lawful, in consideratloh^bf Ok present scarcity in the province of Quebec, at ini tifhd-hrtl before tyre first day of January, one thousand seven httodrrf irii ninety, to export to the said province of Quebec an/quaentjty corn or grain, not exceeding in the whole the followup quantities; that is to say, two thousand quarters of thousand Tacks of wheat flour, and eight thousand quadters of peas, under the same securitie?, rules, regulatiotrs, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, as those underwwdh^the like commodities are now allowed to be exported to jelfy's sugar colonies in America, by the faru |df pifletf fourteenth year of his prdfent majesty's reign; andthaf sorts gvanting or making any false certificate, in respe^ exportation, or counterfeiting, erasing, or falfifyiftg invfttei Certificate, or knowingly publiflting any such certificate ffdoftte terfeited, erased, or falsified, shall be subject to the same riifabrfr

ties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are respectively prefer$e$, aflri directed by the said act, with respect to the certificates th$re£i mentioned; and that all the abovementioned penal tics^cffofi. feitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, tqji applied, in the manner directed by the said act, with cefpidfc to the like penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned., _ u^XIX And whereas the duty payable upon rape seed impartidfam Ireland is Regulated by the price, to be sfceriained in tke same it&mt as the prices of corn and other grain are by law directed JL tained\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tb all corn factors, or sellers of com, in the port of Afe'cjtjrjttf London, nd all inspectors of the prices of com and gtiua

Other

17&j.7 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. t 679

maricetv shall ^4 they ace hereby req^irjed due#edofcon>; and,

and prices of pp g?'" ->

c^wd*sfld Jjftqgnt L respective markets, in their weskty ketmcv' iccppoirs, 10 he receiver of corn returns i n London f who lhab elude rap'.. '.. compute the average price of such, rape seed at the fccjjn their xt of, l#f4fnr and with in the feveraf distrfds herein befo^e wcfkly ac ncndpt^d^and trapfinit accoupts of the same at the perio^.ahd ^abefeed^ imes berqiv before directed for the transmlttipg of the returns my be im ff corn and other grain to the respective|; fpjwlors or other ported from: hiefofficers of the customs, for thepurpof^ocesaid; and affp [ni, and that it shall and may be lawful to import epter* apd landiuch wawhoofcf,; apejeed from Ireland, and to lodge and speure the famqjn withoutpay warehpufes* without payment of duty, under the joint locks of meat of duty, he icing and the importer and under such and the like regq wl!s^l, ikc laiions, Dfovifjons, and restrictions as corn or other grain is a^drn^ey* perndlted tobc foimporred aodlanded. be.

t <}QL And be it further enacted, Thar from and after the apr Miliers, See. pohupnipt of inspectors of the prices of corn and grain as before buying corn rncmioned, all millers factors merchants, clerks, agents, and forsale, to ather pertops, being buyers of corn Cor sale, shall and they are fnf^ors an hereby Required to deliver or cause to be delivered, upon.de account of maud to the said, inspector of the prices, of corn and grain for the quantities the towq whereat they (half respectivelybuy any corn or grain, of.c31hrc'*an account, in writing signed with their own name of the thermuring Quantities fa by them received during the week, with the prices the^eek^ thqreq^and fyg what measure or weight the same was bought a ec. onpejl in 4pfaylt; wh^reps every such miller factor, merchant, clerk, nalty^ql^. agent, or other person being a. buyer of corn for sale, shall for 6y^ry fqqh offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and ";

the several returns so to be made by virtue hereof shall be V

allowed Jtnd received in evidence in all courts whatsoever. i 3txl ad be it further enacted That every miller factor an*to take nefcnant*, clerk agent, or other person, being a buyer of corn the for (flc* fnajl* within three calendar months next after the paflsna of this ador within one calendar month from the time pe Jftwhfbegin to deal in corn and grain, at any of the markets to which the regulations of this act are meant to extend take iod(ubfcrihe the following oath, (or being one of the people called Quakers, affirm) 3 videlicet,

[A.B. do f wear [or affirm], That the returns of the prices and th, 'quantities <?/" Hr i ti fli corn and grain, which henceforward shall be fy mrbou^bt, hall, to the best of my knowledge and belief be true and itftydnd) to the bed of my judgement, conformable to the directions of tn iitiiptffedin the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his rmjesty King George the Third, entitled, An act for better regulating and kf&rfiftling t he importation and exportation of corn and grainy iirt^tfofor better regulating the exportation of starch, and thfe mp&rftfon of rape seed.

htcb^th or affirmation any justice or justices of the peace

districts.

68b

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

distri&a, h.andare bcrcby authorised and required jkoafafat^et* and every oath.or affirmation so taken (hah bcrcturfa* tdirmdr filed by the clerk of the peace for the county; aty^tow^o* place respectively; and io case any person shall buy coin fovv(yfa without taking the saki oath, agreeably to the dirctfioaojo4*hi» on like pe a<sl, every such person (hah, for every such offence, forfeit hod

nalty of xol. pay the sum of ten pounds.

No debenture

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby eoa&ed by the on exporta^aujbority aforesaid, That no debenture shall be wade eat or tien of any granted, for the allowance of any bounty on any cwn, grains#r cornfetc to he flour, entered or shipped for exportation from any: port within gran ted, while any of the dillridu hereinbefore mentioned, during the

of the^fame11 tlinc at corn or grami of the same Ipccies Ata& be

species is pr allowed to be imported into such distrilt at the low dories, mitted to be agreeable to the regulations of this act; anything in this or aay imported at other act to the contrary notwithstanding.,

tic htthe*"

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several avenges same distrtft.^computed as aforesaid, for the said several periods, for cash Averages to be published by the said receiver of eoro rctonttii

he inserted in the London Gazette four Several weeks immediately fuocccdi&gtfct the Gazette, respective periods of computing such average.

In the re

XXIV. And be it further chased. That, for the more otfiy turns, corn and effectually carrying of this a into execution, the inspe&an te computed tie pr*cc$corn grain, 10 he appointed by virtue farad,

by the bushel shall, in all returns to be by them made, purfaaot to tbfefaee* of & galions, tiens of this act, compute the quantities of corn and graarhy and 571b. to the bushel of eight gallops, commonly called or known bfik eqtudvo a stame f The Winehijier Bushel\ and in all cases where what bushel. shall have been sold by weight, fifty seven pounds weight fall be deemed equal to one bushel of such jvtncbejitrtne*n*re-,

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, inspectors to That the several inspectors of the prices of corn and grain to be receive such appointed by virtue of this a shall be entitled to, ood fail th°quarter* recc*vc such foro af*l sums of money for their care and troofafe sections lull thereio, as the justices of the peace for the respective coupties direct. before mentioned, in quarter sessions affcmwed, shall rtfpeflbdy order and direct, out of she public rates for each county, nding, or division, in manner jprescribed by an a, passed in the tenth year of the reign of h(s present Majesty, (entitled, J a&fm rrgijltring the prices at which corn is old in the several countusef Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imparted), for paying for the returns by that a ordered to be made.

How penalties

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and are to be re forfeitures by this a imposed, except where it is otherwcfc applied and directed by this a, shall be levied by distress and (jilc of fa offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace acting in and for the county, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed; which warrant such justice is hereby empowered and required to gramme, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible wknch or witnesses oyon. oath

17*9,] ] a*{k>tidtisimo none G oil IU. CV >actr(whkb*o*b such justice is hereby impoweredand required oadminiaer)* end ihe penalties and forfeitures, when recover xtyafwr rendering the overplus (if any be) upon deocufa, to he parry or parties whose goods and chattel*'dull be so Manned end (bid (the changes of Cuch distress and Tale being irft dedu£kd)shall be paid to the treasurer for the county, and e applied towards the purposes of this a; and in casesufficienc Itftrefs dialvnot be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall iot be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he s hcrebjnauthorised and required by warrant under his hand tnd feaii, to capfe such offender or offenders to be committed to he common gaol or house of correction of the county or place whereibch offence shall be committed, there to remain, without >ati or mainprise, for any time not exceeding three calendar uowths, ner lefa than thirty days, unlefe such penalties and orfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner fully paid m.d. satisfied/ '

XXVII. And whereas by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the eign<$fhit present Majesty, (entitled, An z to regulate the im >ortaturn and exportation of corn), wheat. Mi wheat flour, rye, iease, beans, barley, beer, bigg, andol$ % are allowed to be imported vismet payment of the duties therein mentioned, in the manner and tnder the regulations and restrictions in tbs said act specified, into ibe repmd ports of Bristol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, e^rtowuch, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn Regis, Lancaster, Liverpool, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Pool, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Yarmouth, Ayr, Leith, Port Glasgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, any or either of them: and whereas it is ex iedient they the said privilege Should be extended to the port of Boston; e it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this usfc, wheat or wheat floor, rye, pease, beans, barley, beer, bigg, Ktd oats, (hslhaud may be imported into the said port of Eofion, without payment of duties, at the same times, in the same manier, and under the same rules, regulations, and reftrtettons, as ice by the said adbof the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, pcdmdv provided, and enacted, for the same being imported n to the said fcuend other ports.

xxvul.and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rhstyfroto and after the first day of Angnft in this present year, itod until the twenty ninth day of September in this present year, t>jhau not be lawful to export from, this kingdom, or to load, hip, or lay on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order a bn exported from this kingdom, any british com or gramme, rxoept barley or malt exported under the regulations of the laws low in force, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof; and iha&affncorn or grain so forfeited shall and may be fdzed, sued 'off prosecuted, and condemned, in such and the like manner, m.d... by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as any fovtv or grain forfaited by any law now in force may be fened, ued far, prosecuted and condemned, and that the produce hereof (half and may be applied in the same manner a the e produce

13 Geo. C 43. recited.

and the privilege thereby granted to Bristol, etc extended to Bolton.

From Aug. to Sept. »9, 1789, it shall not be lawful to export any British corn or grain, except barley or malt, under penalty ot forfeiture thereof;

681

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. $4* [17

produce of any corn or grain forfeited by any law now in force may be applied.

except certain

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherbi

limited quail^now; n force and by the provisions herein before bytaw tobc contain certain limited quantities of certain sorts of corn or exported to grain are allowed to be exported to particular places specified in particular the said laws, and in this a, notwithstanding that the prices of places, and such corn or grain respectively shall be above the rates at which fwthtufe*of l^c ^amc oiay^exp01* it shall and may be lawful, at any his majesty't time previous to the said twenty-ninth day of September, in this garrisons or present year, to export to such places respectively the whole or forces. such limited quantities of such sorts of corn or grain, or such quantities as may be (ill necessary to complete such limited quantities; or to export corn or grain for the use of any hismajesty's garrisons or forces, in the same manner as the same may now by law be exported; anything in this a contained to 6e contrary notwithstanding.

Act to com

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the

directions, regulations, powers, and authorities of this at, ftuh 9t;* commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, immediately from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, uoless otherwise specially directed by this act.

CAP. LIX.

An act for allowing thi hke drawback on teas, exported to tbi ifiani: of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other places on th continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on tecs exported to Ireland or America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a drawback of the whole of the duties pad upon teas, which have been regularly imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to thi East Indies, and for which the duties of customs and excifo have bun paid is allowed to the exporter on the due exportation thereof u the kingdom of Ireland, into tbs British colonies in America, on certain conditions: and whereas it is expedient that the like drawbacks bond be allowed on the exportation of such teas to the islands of Jersey oi Guernsey, to Gibraltar, or to any port or place on the continent tf Europe where there shall be a British consul resident for theprete&m of trade; be it therefore enacted by the xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords (pintail and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affan from Aug. i, bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and nfter 1789, on tea the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty exported to^nincf there shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters fey, (Gibraltar, of teat, which (halt have been regularly imported into this iing or any place'dom by the united company of merchants of England trading in Europe to the East Indies., and on which the whole duties of customs and u - exc'k have been paid, in case such teas shall be esqkwed i

consul, thereto efl*»da of strfty at gutrnf/y, or to Gifrelttr, atto hm I

P

itl) s

pohror^j^c^sn tfte coiteftsrttbf Europe sir!ttf^hcbi ffoapv&z shall beallow

britj/b coafui restdent for the protection of dwfr d th ll*e

of custtfms 'ind cxtise is now artlb&fd the ei^rkti&fi of such.seas to Irihtti, or to tlye bhtish oolonfes parted toire r pldn&rions in Jmtrifa, on ebndition'fhat thr f^e'fhfclpbc Kd of ame 'xporf^d ifrfutffi and the Hfce diafhner, and ut^r sech andttc rica, octhe like rurci, ^eguhtions, grdvhjon?/restri6motiy, penalties', and herein^rc t Forfeitures, 'astuch teas are nbwsubjedvarid fifableto Upon the faibed.: xp6rtation thereof for a drawback to fremfta, '6t*td tw Bfittjh colonies or plantations in America: and pro^idwsftfo, that a like bond shall be given for the due exportation thereof With further condition that the exporter thereof shall produce a 'cwlfiejfte for Hich tas as shall have been entered for exportawort tertbeiftaods ofjcr/cy'hid Guernsey, under the hand andfealbfthe lieutenant ^overnor^ or other chief officer, and of the principal officer*tof the custom 6f such iflhnds respectively, within the space 6f six mpnths from the exportation thereof, that the same hare been iufy landed there; for such teas as shall be entered for exportation td Gibraltar, that thd exporter thereof shall product a 1 like certificate under the hand and seal of the governor, Of Other chief officer there, within the' space of twelve months from the exportation thereof? and that for such teas as (hathfo he entered for exportation to any such port or place orf the continent of Europe, the exporter shall produce a like certificate under the hand and seal of the sritr/b cortfuf resident at such place for the proteltion of trade, wit bin the space of twelve arionths fronuhe exportation thereof. 1;

II. And be it further enacted by the authority afeutefakt, That A like draw a like drawback shall be paid and allowed oathe!exptutation of back shall be tea to jffrifoy as is now allowed on the exportation, thereof toxowrtadonof his Majesty's Colonies or plantations in Americh, ori bortd^bling [to Africa, entered Into by the merchant exporter, with sufficient fccerity to hfi ftlajeltyj his heirs and lucceffovs, in dbubld she vasue; of such tea, that the same, and every part thereof, Thaft (the danger of^hc ie^s excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed in.to/riq p?rt of the coast of Africa, and not in an^othdr port or plrajfeyond the seas"'/*"

And be it further enacted by thef authority aforesaid*

th^iio bond which "(halt le entered into fof the exportation of How bonds tea "to Africa, in pursuance of this act,shall be tfifchafged or glvcnj°r.the deiiveijea up until proof s made, by the bath of the matter, of such tea" ljjat^purser, or other person having charge W the ship Of vessel shall be dif durin^he voyage in which such goods Were exported, that the charged faio^gpqd^hd every part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of, '1nmb^ qn tome p^rt of the coast of Africa, and rtiat ho part thereof (fead been relanded in any part of 'Greftt1 Britain, or the /

y^ftxr fimcrhfy, Sari, ox Man, Or ifiy other* -

rj^ice beyond the fe?si and by the oath or the merchant'J

that (q the belt of his, heir^of't^civ^nrbw^\ %, V. ad been dlfppfdjcf bf at the place or

'dt'such'butftef; rtatfe, pti "

Vol. XXXVI

purser, or other

684 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. [1789.

other person having the charge of such ship or vessel daring the voyage, which proof shall be made within Jthree years from the date of each respective bond, before thecolle&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customsat the port for the time being where such last mentioned bond shall be entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same; and in case no such proof shall be made as aforesaid within the respective times before limited, it shall and maybe lawful for the respective of of the customs in Great Britain to cause such bond to be put in suit, unless they shall find diffident cause to forbear the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If such tea be That in case any teas, which shall have been shipped/or expor briufn ^orat tat'on by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall he relanded any place for n any Part f kingdom, or landed at any place other than which it waa that for which the same shall have been shipped for exportation, not shipt, the the matter or other person having or taking the charge or com feittrbt the" man P or or on board which such tea shall

valued C C ^avc been *pped for exportation, shall forfeit treble the value No larger thereof: provided always, That no greater quantities of teas quantities of shall be exported under the authority of this act than the lord teas to be ex high treasurer, or the of of the trefcfury, or any three ported than Of them for the time being, shall, twenty-one days previous to CD b^he°w cac^ (luartcriy fek be united company of merchants of treasury. England trading to the East Indies, authorise by warrant under their hands, directed to the of of the cultams in England

CAP. LX.

An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of coffee, imported by the east-india company, in the ship Lord Camden, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

[Preamble.]

she RE AS great part of the coffee imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the ship Lord Camden, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, yet remains unsold, and other part of such coffee, which hath been sold by the said united company, yet remains uncleared in their warehousesy belonging to the buyers thereof which, by reafsn of the great quantity of coffee imported into this kingdom of late years, the proprietors have not been able, to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof being the time limited by law to entitle the exporters to receive the drawback of the duties thereon; and it is reasonable and necessary that some further time Should be granted for the exportation of the coffee imported in the said ship Lord Camden; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemwcd,

o and

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 61.

and by the authority of the same, That if the Said coffee imported in the said ship Lord Camden in the year open thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and now remaining uncleared in the said company's warehouses, shall be exported to any parts*beyond the seas, at any time within four years from the importation thereof, there shall be drawn back and allowed for the same, to the exporter or exporters thereof, such and the same drawbacks or allowances, and under inch rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been intitled to in case such coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not with (landing.

CAP. LXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nide; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed

530, 000l. may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which maybe raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on Security of this a not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be (truck, etc. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in course. No see to be taken for registering, etc. Penalty for taking fees, treble damages with costs, and for undue registering, etc. the value of the debt with full costs, and forejudged his office. Not to be deemed undue preference if orders of the same date, brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the 1, 530, 000l. hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present sessions; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the malt duty, and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, C to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this a. 393.7691- is. 3d.'remaining in the hands of the pay matter general, to be applied in discharge of the extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 14» 17879 to Dec. % 4, 1788. Moneys arising by the Malt act, Land tax act, C 6. Tontine act, C 41. Annuities, C 37. Lottery, C 33. Loans, 3, 500, 0001. C 34. further loans, 4, 000, ooool. C 35. and 1, 530, 0001. out of the consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 4, 318, 5701. for naval Services for 1789^ 410, 5761. 15s. 8d. for the ordinary of the office of ordnance for land Service, 1789. 9, 3061. 48. id. for expense ot ditto not provided for,788. 418, 0171. 6s. 4d. for extraordinaries of ditto, 1789. o, 6iol. and 1, 9141. is. 8d. for military artificers. 1, 518^931. 16s. 6d. 3q. for land forces; viz. 638, 561l. 14s. id. for 17, 448 rffective men, officers, C in Great Britain, C 1789. 315*915!- s ?d. for forces in the plantations, C 1789. 4, 891b 178. nd. iq. for iifference between British and Irish establishments, 1788. 8, 445l. ios. id. for ditto, 1789. 11, 435b ns. lod. aq. for regiments Serving in he Eaffc Indies, 1789. 1, 013l. ns. iod. for Supernumerary officers,

[788. 10, 871l. 14s. iod. 3q.for ditto, 1789. 6, 409b 8s. for general and

tass officers In Britain, 1789. 63, 0431. 58. to the pay matter general, ecrdury at war, Scc. 171, 787l. 5s. 5d. for reduced officers of the land orccs and marines. 41 al. 149. b to reduced officers, See. of the horse

Z z guard?.

685

If thd coffee imported in the ship Lord Camden in 1786, be exported in four years from importation, to be allowed the usual drawbacks, etc.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6t.

[1789.

guards, 1789. 3, 3911. 148. L fof officers late in the service of the Sates general. 55, 091l. 10s. for reduced officer of the brituh american forces. 4*9071. xos. for allowances to ditto. 9, 943b 3d. for

widows pensions. 177, 4681. 8d. for Chelsea hospital. 364093l. 19a. to the landgrave of He fife. 3, 500, 000l. to discharge exchequer bills, 28 Geo. 3. a, oooo, ooool. to discharge further ditto. 191, 34a). 13s. for secret Cervices. 35, iool. for the works at Carleton House. 34, 370l. is. 4d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons. 6, 118l. 17s. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, to ift. Jan. 1790. 5, 400l. for New Brunswick, to 24 June, 1790. 1, 9001. for Saint John in America, to ift. Jan. 1700. i.iool. for Cape Breton, to 14 June, 1790. X i8il Xos. for Newfoundland, for defraying salaries, to ift. April, 1790. 4, 080l. for the Bahama Islands, for civil establishment in addition to salaries to 1 Jan. 1790. 580l. to the chief justice of Bermuda, to m Jane, 1790. 600l. to the chief justice of Dominica, to 1 Jan. 1790. 1, 877l. 10s. for New South Wales, to 10 Oct. 1789. 13, 0001. for forts iu Africa. 4, 000). for roads, and bridges in the highlands in the year 1789. 3, oocl for the British Museum. i.rril. 6d. for money paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton, esqrs. of for American claims, for expenses, foes, and charges. 41, 559). xis. for money issued for the relief of American civil officers, and the fees and charges. i,861.19s. gd. 39. for money issued to pay bills drawn by the lieutenant governor of Nova Scotia, and the governors of the Bahama islands and New Brunswick, and the foes and charges. 1, 075l. 6s. id. for money issued to discharge bills drawn by A. Mular esq; commissary of the settlement of New South Wales, and the fees and charges. 313, 6591. as. 3d. for payment on orders for relief of American and East Florida sufferers. 8, tol. 14s. 4d. for money issued to Henry Bradley esq; for maintaining, C convicts in the harbour of Ha moaze at Plymouth. 48, 417b 13s. 5d. for money iflhed to Doucafi Campbell esq; for the expense of confining, maintaining, and employing the convicts on the river Thames. 761l. is. for money issued to Mr.

J tunes Mouatt, chief clerk in the office of the commissioners for enquirer into fees, gratuities, perguisites, and emoluments, received in seveni public offices on account of salaries to clerks, and contingent expeuee*. 5001. for money issued to the secretary of the commissioner appointed by8 Geo. 3. c. 54. as to Daws from Africa. 3, 000l. for money issued to the of of the land revenues belonging to the crown. 900l to the commissionerg for inquiring into the losses in East Florida by the cession to the king of Spain. 4, 693b 8s. 6d. for money issued to the Secretary to the commissioness for inquiring into the losses of American loyalists. 3, 000l. for losses sustained by John Reader esq; in Jamaica, by diflnantling an iron fonndery in 1782, by order of sir Archibald Campbell, governor of the island.0, 311l. 6s. 4d. for money issued on account of the trial of Warren Hastings esq; And not made goodbye parliament. 331, 6491. xs. 3d. 30. for deficiency of grants, 1788. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned, &c. only. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay. By8 Geo. 3. C a sum not exceeding 171, 7761. 3s. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1788. The overplus of which sum to be disposed of to officers maimed, etc. or to their widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct. Duplicates of exchequer bills, etc. lost, or otherwise, destroyed, may be made out under the regulations herein spedfied.,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. 687

CAP. LXII.

An for appointing cmmissioners further to inquire into tie Losses and services of ail Juchperfms who lave suffered in their tights properties and prof efforts during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in msequence of their loyalty to his majf/ly* and attach mnt to the British government.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-third year of the

reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for appointing 43 Geo. 3. of to inquire into the Losses and services of all such C 80. reci^d. persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in confluence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the Brittish government; and also by four several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty sixth, twenty sevent hand twenty-eighth years of the reign of Iris present Majesty* certain per font were constituted commifioners for inquiring into the respective Losses and services of all 9

full person and persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and Utacbment to the British government: and whereas the purposes intended by the said acts are not yet completed, and il is therefore necessary that the said acts shouli be further continued be it therefore eiiaded by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That John Joha Wilraot tifilmot esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thomas Dundas, colonel

John Marsh esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mac l°s"

xffizie esquire, ih^ll be, and they are hereby constituted commit commission fipners for the purposes in the said recited acts mentioned, en.

II. And be it further enacted, That any two of them the said Commission john ivibnot esquire, colonel Robert Kingston colonel Thomas era to be Dundas, John Marsh esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Ro sworn b{rf Mackenzie esquire, before they enter upon the execution of 'this, ad, shall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's 'bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer, (which they pr either of them are hereby authorised and required to admi ruder), in the form following; (that is to lay, )

I A.B. do swear That according to the left of my skill and know the oath;

ledge > I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several flowers and trusts vejled in me by an act* entitled, An act for appointing of further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have (uttered in their rights, pro 71 perties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence oy their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, according to the tenor and furpqrt tf the said act,

Ti 3 And

comraiffion cra may examine parties on oath.

Commission. era to meet, and to (end for persona or papers.

to appoint clerks, etc.

Persona delivering in fraudulent claims to be excluded from any compensation.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C.

[1789.

And every other of them the said John Wilmt esquire, colonel Robert King on > colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marjk esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mackenzie esquire, shall likewise take the same oath before the said two of, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all persons whom the said of, or any two or more of them, shall think t to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested In the said of by this act; and all such persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said commissioners at such time or place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to meet and sit, from time to time, at the present place of meeting, or at such other place as they, or any two or more of them, shall think proper, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and fcais, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papejs, writings, or records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in the execution of the powers vested in the said coroouf sioners by this act; and the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour, in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him by the said of, and in all other things touching the premises; which clerics and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform tbfc trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or rewards as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if h shall have appeared to the of appointed by the said recited acts, or shall hereafter appear to the of appointed by this act, that any person hath delivered, or shall hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real lose fufhined by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than a just compensation; if the said of, or any moor more of them, shall have been or shall hereafter be of opinion that such account or claim was or is fraudulent, then such person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim, shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. 689

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons giving in case any person or persons, upon examination upon oath be Pliable to fore the said of, or any two or more of them re the penaiticg spe6uvety as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give of perjury, false evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof

duly convi6led, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be fub je and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas provision was made by an act made in the iajl Geo. 3. session of parliament, entitled, An act for appointing of C 44. further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons

who have suffered in their rights properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, for inquiring into the cases of persons who sustained Losses either by furnishing provision sy or other necessary articles for the jcr vite of his Majesty's navy or army in America, during the late war; or by having their property used, seized, or defrayed, for the carrying on the public service there, and for which they have hitherto received no compensation: and whereas the inquiry thereby authorised is not commission. corhpleted5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said cr8 to inquire colonel Thomas dundasy Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert into claims Mackenzie esquire, or any two of them, shall inquire into all madeprevious such Losses or demands which have been made as aforesaid, previous to the third day of June one thousand seven hunched and furnishing Y eighty eight, in th same manner, and under the same rules, provisions for regulations, powers and authorities, as the of are the navy or authorised to inquire into Losses (attained by persons in confe army m ame quence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the [hau war, British government. etc.

VII. And whereas the persons herein after mentioned have been preventedy by such particular circumstances as appear to entitle them to special indulgence y from preferring or from projecting their claims during the times allowed by two several acts, made in the twenty third and twenty-fifth years of the r'iign of his present Majesty, from whence it may happen that the said pirjons may be deprived of the relief intended by the said acts: be it therefore enacted, That the said commis commission sioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered to cdvtthe^ receive the claim or claims of Mary Brifiow widow, and others, claims of the Mary Brerewood widow, captain John Collety James Campbelly persons here captain Henry collinsy Thomas Coombes senior, William Clark, the in named; heirs of Matthew Colvilley Daniel Dunbar, James Donovan, con way Dobbsy Richard and Edward Brice Dobbs, Donald Frazer, Samuel Goldfbury, Lorenda Holmes, the executors of Capel and Osgood Han bury y John Harmery Robert johnjloney William Lowthery jvtl uam Lovey Lambert Mootey the reverend John Milner, Farquhar Maltolmy Elizabeth Miller widow, captain Alexander Middletony colonel Daniel Flummery Ann Ruffcl widow, lieutenant William ilobittsy John Rogers, and others, creditors of John and Gilbert Buchanan, Samuel Stearns, Charles Stuart, Isabella Taylor, Roger

but not to report on their cases, unless they receive proof of the parties having been prevented from delivering their claims in dne time.

commissioti ers to give an account of their proceedings to the treasury and secretaries of state.

Treasury to pay 4, 0001, to the commissionen j

for paying clerks, etc.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii Uh c.fa.

[1789.

Fleming Jane Turner, colonel James Vernon Jvfepb Parker Wickham Robert William Walker, John White, Alexander Wilson. George and Andrew Buchanan, CW/« Dunlap and company, Colne Dunlop and son and company, Dunlaps and Graft Donald Scotnnd company, Glassford* Gordon, Monteath and company, John Glass ford and company, Henierson M'cuul and company, George Kippen and company, George M'caul and company, John M'dowell and company, Mur dobs* Donald and company, William M'tier* Oswald Dennifton and company, James Ritchie and company, Spiers French and company, Alexander Spiers, John Bowman and company, Thompson Snodgrass and company, Samuel Gift David Russel James Brown, William Henery, Thomas Burns, William Drake, Thomas mcguire Margaret Kennedy and Benjamin Ogden.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the of appointed by this act shall not proceed in or report on though cases of any of the persons herein named, unless they shall have been previously satisfied, by proof on oath, (which oath the said of, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer), that the said persons have been prevented from delivering in or prosecuting their claims within the periods limited by any former acts, from illnefe or other unavoidable causes, or from the persons so claiming having been employed in endeavouring to obtain restitution from any of the American dates, within which their properties were situated, for which they claim compensation.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the determination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue of this act, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords coaunissioners of his majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries of date for the time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the lords commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such sums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so iftaed and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary chavges in or about the execution the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for -

person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and pro, 'according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, wirh#w*oy see or other charges to be taken or dema&ded for the ifiping and

pay

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. 691

>ayment of the same, or on the parting of the said accounts,

there than such sum as the said of, or any twp or nore of them, shall appoint; and which money To issued shall lot be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, mposed by authority of parliament.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the commission aid of being on half pay, as an officer of the navy era may re r army, shall be entitled to receive such half pay, notwithstanding ceive half pay my compensation that may be made to him for executing the foltowililthe lowers of this act, on his taking the following oath before some

ustice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the ame:

I A.B. do [vjeary That I had noty between any place oath.

or employment of profity civil or military, under his Majesty, be ides such compensation as shall have been or may be made to me as a commissioner for inquiring into the lojfes and services of all [uch persons who have suffered in their right Sy proper ties, and professionsy during 'be late unhappy dissentions in America, in consequence of their loyalty '0 his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to in title such person to repeive his half pay, without taking any other oath my law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof not with rtanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, In case of the of any one or more of the said of, during the recess death, etc. of of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to no jr.dsrbig the" minate and appoint such person or persons as he may think pro recess of par per to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person lament, his so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be f

inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the com another, mi (Turners appointed by this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven f this hundred and ninety, and no longer.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to exempt all piece goods wove in this kingdom, and which shall be sold by auctiont from the duty imposed on such [ales; for exempting persons licensed to retail spirituous liquors from the payment of the duties imposed on such licences, who hall leave off retailing such liquors before the expiration of the time for which such licences shall be granted; and for obliging persons who hall deal in brandy, not being retailers, rectifier$y or diflillerfy to take cut licences for that purpose.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for re Geo. 5 pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting, C i3*recitc<k other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties.

t°ge

L

From Oct. 1, 1789, piece goods woven in this kingdom may be sold in the quantity taken from

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c.€$.

[1789.

together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redaction of the national debt,) an excise duty of seven pence is chargeable fer every twenty billings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain (among other goods and chattels) of all piece goods, and other goods woven or fabricated in the loom in Great Britain: and whereas it would greatly encourage the manufacture of such goods in this kingdom, if the same were allowed to be sold by auction entire as the same were taken from the leom9 and in lots of a certain price, for or on account of the manufacturers or sir ft purchasers thereof respectively9 free of the said duty; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from after the first day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ail goods whatsoever,

woven or fabricated in the loom in this kingdom, which shall the loom, and foc sold entire in the piece or quantity in which the same were price of aoh taiccn ftom the loom, and in lots, each lot whereof shall be of or upwards] the price of twenty pounds sterling or upwards, shall and may without pay be sold by public sale, by way of auction, in lots as aforesaid, ing the aufti for or on the account of the manufacturers or first purchaserc posed^the thereof respectively, by any person duly licensed to exercise the recited act; trade or business of an auctioneer, but not otherwise, free of the said duty.

but not in any

II. Provided always, That no person shall be exempted from

other than en the payment of the said duty, for or in respect of any such goods

Vk sold by way of auction, unless such sale shall be carried on in nor unleu the r J / r., e.

good are exome warehouse, room, or place, whereof a true and particular

posed at the entry in writing shall have been made with the proper officer at sale. the next office of excise within the limits where such warehouse,

room, or place shall be situated, and unless such goods shall be openly shewn and exposed at the time and place of such sale. Auctioneer to

III. Provided also, and it is hereby Further enacted, That give security every person acting as auctioneer, at every fqch public sale by way of auction as aforesaid, shall, over and besides the bona now directed by law to be given on receiving his licence, give further security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of five thousand pounds, with two or more sureties, which security the commissioners of excise, or any two or i^ore of them for the time being, in England and Scotland respectively, or such person or persons as the said of respectively shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, re hereby authorised and impowertd to take, that he will, wfrhm fourteen days after such sale at auction of any goods 'woven'or fabricated in the loom as aforesaid, deliver, at the next office of excise within such limits as aforesaid, a true, exack, and particular

lor delivering, at the next excise office, an account of the sale of such goods, See.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63* 693

account in writing of the several lots and parcels of such a ^wrhich.shall have been sold, the amount of the money bid rfv/ale, and the price of each lot and parcelj and further, not at any time knowingly offer or put up for Tale, at auction, any piece goods or other goods woven or icated in the loom out of this kingdom, or any goods woven abricated in the loom in this kingdom which shall not be red or put up for falc or sold, entire in the piece or quantity which the same were taken from the loom, and in lots as resaid, for or on the account of the manufacturer or first chaser thereof, without charging, for every twenty Shillings the purchase money thereof, the said duty, according to the es and directions of an act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for granting to his ma 'y certain duties on licences to be taken out by all per font acting as Qioneers $ and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, d other things sold by mftion; and upon indentures, leases, bonds, tds? and other instruments)) that be will not be. concerned any untrue or fraudulent contrivance or device with intent to 11 any piece goods, or other goods woven or fabricated in the tom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thixadt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case it (hah appear Bonds to be tat the party entering into such; bond hath acted contrary to Put

he true intent and meaning of such bond, and of thb^present "trcm

ar it shall be lawful for the respective commissioners of excise o: cause every such bond to be put in suit.

V. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty seventh year of

be reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An adfc for laying 17 Geo. 3. additional duties upon licences to be taken out by persons C recited. Sealing by retail in spirituous liquors,) reciting, that it was expedient that additional duties Should be paid by all persons who Should take out licences to deal by retail in spirituous liquors, it is enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, there Should be raised, levied, code stead, and paid, unto and for the use of his Alojessy, his heirs and successorsi the several and respective sums in the said act in that behalf mentioned, .} or and upon all licences to be taken out annually in manner in the said act mentioned, by all persons. who shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors, orjlrong waters, within Great Britain: and whereas diverse persons woo take out such licences do afterwards, and before the expiration of such licences, leave off the retailing of spirituous liquors, and thereby cease to derive any profit to themselves from such licences, although theyfitil continue liable to make good the future payments by the said act dtrested to be made for or in respect of such licences \ be it therefore enacted, That no perfori or, persons who person8 now. is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly licensed to retail ing a month's distilled spirituous liquors, and whp shall, before the expiration notice to the of any such licence by the said act directed to be taken out, give sup^visor of to the collector or supervisor of excise of the coiiedfcion or dif theirlintents tri&in which such person or persons shall reside, one month's on to leave off previous notice of his, her, or their intention to leave off the retailing fpu. retailing ^tuous 1u

recited act, after they shall bare so left off;

*94 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii 1u. C gi jlj.

quors, ndt to retailing of spirituous liquors, and shall alb, within such the'payment i?ont^» kavc the tailing of spirituous liquor fc of any money 10 ibc payment of any (tun or sums of money wharfeever

imposed by by the said act directed to be paid, at any time after be. ftt, a J^they shall so leave off the retailing of spirituous liquors; aarf ai and every such licence shall, from and immediately after the expiration of such one month, become noil and void to ab intents and purposes whatsoever; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

VI. And be it further enacted, That no person or peribos whose licence or licences to retail diddled spirkuoos hqaon, d d h 8raoted under or by virtue of the said act, is or ire now expired, before the °* SMK* wh°> before the expiration of such his, her, or their Ikon expiration or licences, actually left off the retailing of spirituous liquors, thereof, left shall be liable to the payment of any sum or Anns of money whatsoever by the said act directed to be paid, at any time after he, she, or they, so left off the retailing of spirituocu fcqsers: provided always nevertheless. That nothing herein ooikaiwed

nor persons whose licences are expir

off retailing spirituous liquors; bat no person to

be entitled to shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to cnptfc

the repayment of any sum actually paid.

4 Geo. 3. fess. a. C 41 recited.

any such person or persons to the repayment of such Aua or sums of money which shall have been at any time hcretofog actually paid by him, her, or them, in pursuance of the aid al

VII. And whereas, by an afi, made in the twenty-fourth year tf the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of sad dealers in exciseable commodities therein mentioned,) it to enabled. That, ram and after the tenth day f September thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no person or persons ua then did, er at any time thereafter Should deed in brandy, not being e retailer, nor a refiifier, nor a di/hller9 Should prejume, by him, ho, or themfohes, or by any other person or persons vjbatsoever enfad by him, her, or them, or fa his, her, or their benefit, either p^bdsf or privately, to deal in brandy, without first taking out a haute so that purpofo in, manner therein after mentioned, before be, Jbe, sr they Should so deal in brandy, fa which licence he, she, or they sail immediately, on taking out thereof, pay down fa tie same tie fom if five pounds; and whereas no pecuniary penalty is by law provided so or imposed on persons guilty of offences contrary to the ford noted clauft, and it is expedient that fiub pecuniary penalty foudd k From Od. 10. provided and imposed; be it therefore enacted, Thar, from tnl 3789, persons after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and dealing in eighty nine, no person or persons who now doth or do, or it ont^nch "time hereafter shall deal in brandy, not being a retailer or censed ac - nor a redifier or redifiers, nor a distiller or distiutti cording tore duly licensed, shall presume, by him, her, or themfclve$, orby

cited ad, not any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, lie,*ing or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicly or pci

ordifhuersvto vately, to deal in brandy, without first taking put such a lkwce forfeit tool! for that purpose in manner in that behalf directed iaandby V said a; and if, from and after the said tenth day of ostkr onethoqfopd seven hundred nd eighty rjiine, anyporfoaorper

1789-! Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 64. 695

bns who now doth or do, or at any time hereafter shall deaf irl jrandy, not being a retailer or retailers, rectifier or reftifiers, or 1 distiller or dlftiliers, shall presume, by him, her, or themfdyes, jr by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, 'ler, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicly or, irivately, to deal in brandy, without first taking out a licence or that purpose, in the manner in that behalf directed by the said act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence.

Forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CAP. LXIV.

in act to author ife the lord high treasurery or the of of the treasury > appoint two of the commissioners of the customs in £ng- land, and one of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, to inquire into the annual amount of the emoluments ef officers of the customs, and other persons employed in that revenue.

[Preamble.]

WHERE E AS it is expedient, in order to provide for the better

and more equitable arrangement of the salaries and allowances 0 the several officers and other persons employed in the service of his Wajejbfs customs, that inquiry Should be made into the annual amount f their respective emoluments, whether arising from falariesy feesy >erquisites, gratuities, or otherwise, and that the same Should be after ained; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ind temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn led, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and tpay Treasury may e lawful for the lord high treasurer for the time being, or the appoint two commissioners of the treasury for the being, or any three or commission nore of them, to nominate and appdint, by warrant under their ^ftomsin lands, two or more of the commissioners of his majesty's England, and rustoms in England, and one of the commissioners of his Ma onc in s00* efty customs in Scotland, from time to time, to inquire into, and° ent ind ascertain the same; and that the said of of his emolumentsc Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, so to be of their ofli ppointed as aforesaid, or either of them respectively, shall be, ces upon, nd he or they are hereby authorised to examine upon oath all oath»&c* nd every officer and officers of the customs, or other persons belonging to, employed or concerned therein, in England or Jcothni respectively; and all stich officers and other persons are lereby directed and required punctually to attend the said commissioners, or either of them respectively, at such time and place s they, dr either of them, shall appoint for the purposes above nentiorted; and the said of respectively, when they hall have completed the inquiry which by this act they are authorised to rtiake, or as soon after as conveniently may be, shall eport to the Idrd high treasurer, or the of of hi

ajesty's treasury for the time being, the result thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission he said of, before they proceed to take any step in fji f°i|tak*mr >urfuanct of this act, (halt take an oath, before the matter of owl

o the

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 64.'[1789.

the rolls for the time being or one of his Majesty1* jtiftieesof the court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or one of the barons of the Exchequer, which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer, in the fornr following; (that is to say, )

I AB. do ftvear, That, according to the hest of my kill and how ledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several power: and trusts vested in me by virtue of an act, entitled, An act to authorise the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, to appoint two of the commi (Gone rs of the customs in England, and one of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, to inquire into the annual amount of the emoluments of officers of the customs, and other persons employed ia thai revenue,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Treasury may That the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of his toupay*clerks majesty's treasury for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such fumsot money, not exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds, to such person or persons as the said of of his majesty'j customs respectively, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, by writing under his or their hand or hands, director require, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majest/s exchequer; which sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and ia defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said of of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, by writing under their respective hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charge to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said of of his Majesty's customs respectively shall diretfk; and which money so issued shall not be subjecto any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatever imposed by authority of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons tak That if any person, taking any oath by this act authorised or ing a falseoath required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if ofwjury etc. any person unlawfully procure or suborn any person to

'*take any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall commit wilful and corrupt prqury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons committing wilful. and corrupt perjury, or fubomation of perjury,

of this a^t.cc V And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in

697

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65.'

force until the full day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and no longer; except for the purpose of trying or suing any person in consequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this act.

CAP. LXV.

An act to enable the east-india company to ralfe money by further

increasing their capitalfoci.

WHEREAS the affair: of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, require an advance of a considerable sum of money to answer certain present purposes be yond what the said company are now enabled by law to raise and it is expedient that such money Should be raised by an increase of their capital stock; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and: emporal, and commons, in this present parliament assemblecl, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, and they are hereby ato: horised and empowered, by and with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, at any timeor, times hereafter, to open books and to receive subscriptions from any person or persans, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their present capital stock or fund of four millions of pounds, to any sum not exceeding the further sum of one million of pounds capital stock, so as to make their whole capital stock the sum of five millions; which said additional capital stock shall be subscribed and paid for at the rate of one hundred and seventy pounds for every one hundred pounds of such stock, or at such Dther rate as the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of hem, or of the high treasurer for the time being, shall direct; which said subscription shall be made, and the money for the said idditional stock shall be paid, in such manner and form, and by such instalments and proportions, as the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; ind the capital stock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and ifter the time of such payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a part of the capital stock of the said company; and the said subscribers, from and after the time of making full payment for the said additional stock, and their respective executors or administrators and assigns shall at all times be deemed and reputed to be members of the said united company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold and enj^y, all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to ill and every the regulations, rules, apd orders where to the pre

[Preamble.]

east-india company, with the approbation of the treasury, may increase their capital stock 1 000, 0001, in the manner herein prescribed 5

698 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65., [1789.

font rtockbomers and members of the find united company, in respect of thellock held by and belonging to them am reflectively entitled, subject, and liable unto, by any act or acts of parliament, charter, or bye law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional flock shall be transferable and assignable in the Kke manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof shall hold their respective shares of the said additional (lock in like manner as the respective present stockholders of the said company now do and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective sums now belonging to them in the present capital dock of the said united company; and the same shall in all respects be consolidated and united as one joint (lock, and may pay

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That dend^on the t*1c united company shall and may, from time to rhyme, additional as mac nd p*y belike dividends to the proprietors of the said on the present additional flock as they now do and hereafter shall and may flock of the make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present flock company. cf^fa un'rted company; the first of which said dividends shall commence from such rhyme as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for the said subscription by the said court of directors, with such content and approbation as aforesaid.

Preference in

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the for the^additi aut^or*ty aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and onal flock may fr l^c ai court dire<sh)rs, with such consent and approba

be given to the fion as aforesaid, to give the option and preference in fub present pro feribing for the said additional flock to such persons as shall prietors. bold company flock at the time or times of such

At Sept, i, subscription as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding the amount r7fejsf lit °* Pounds per centum on the capital stock which shall then shall exceed* held by each stockholder so subscribing, for all such sums is the sum pro they shall subscrtbe on or before the first day of September doe posed to be thousand seven hundred and eighty nine 5 and in case the sob sold, aoropor* fcr*, ption made by them on or before the said first day of Sep dualon to one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, shall ex

made from ceed the sum proposed to be sold at that time, a proportionable each subserip deduction shall be made from each subscription} and if such tien; subscription shall, on the close thereof, on the said first day of

nn September one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, sali

deficiency to ort ^ufn pfoposed to be sold, the deficiency shall be

be disposed of disposed of to other persons, as the said court of directors, with to others. such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the an directors may thority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained ftm^ extend, thef^of°the or con^ruc(* to extend, to prevent or restrain the fcqdrt of whole to one directors of the said united company, by and with fuels oooo£nt or more and approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one eppere persons. person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, so# th^fawbfthe whole of the said additional capital stock, or for parts thereof as they shall from time to time fit Vif A

it necessary and proper to sell; bat it (hill wo&mmfhe lawful for

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.

for thf said court with such content and approbation as aforesaid, to contrast for, and agree to sell the whole, or any part thereof, to one or more person or persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That as soon as reasonably. may be after the deposit or first payment shall be made for the said additional flock to be subscribed for the said company's cashier or treasurer shall give a receipt for the same, and so from time to time as future payments shall be made, which said receipts shall be assignable and transferable by endorsement thereon; and when the first payment shall be made on the said additional flock, to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the holder of such receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her name entered in proper books to be kept by the said united company for that purpose, with an account of the capital stock belonging to each proprietor, in like manner as the accounts of the present proprietors of India flock are kept.

VI. Provided always ftevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any subscriber or subscribers, after having subscribed, shall fail in making all or any the payments agreed at the respective times for such payments, then, and in every such case, the said united company shall and may take in subserip tiens for and fell the flock subscribed for by such defaulter to any other person or persons; and all deposits and payments made by such defaulter, previous to such default, shall be forfeited to and become the property of the said united company.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

*99

Receipts to be given for payments, which shall be transferrable, C

If subscribers fail in making good all payments, their flock may be sold to any other persons, and the depo (its to be forfeited.

[Public act.]

CAP. LX VI

An act to continue, for a limited time, and amend an act, made in the last fclljon of parliament, entitled, An act to regu.ate, for a limited time, the shipping and carrying Haves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

i8 Geo. sc. 54. Prom Aug. X 1789, no vefle1 clearing out from Great Britain to carry (laves from Africa in greater nuraoer* than herein pecified. Vessels to be deemed of the tonnage set forth in their certi icates of registry. Mastere of vessels to forfeit 301. for every slave rxoceding the limited number. If more than a jths of the (laves be: hijdren, 5 of the surplus to be deemed equal to 4 (laves. Mailers of restels, before they land any (laves in the West Indies, to declare upon >ath before the officer of the customs, the burden of the veflvi, C nd if they land (laves contrary hereto, to forfeit 5001. Officer of he <cttftomt to take an account of the (laves on board loch vefleu, etc. n penalty of 50l. Where there is no officer of the customs, any ivii officer tp receive the oath of the master, etc. No vessel to carry ny Have, unless entered for that purpose at clearing out, and unless be surgeon give bond to keep a journal of the (laves during the oyage; which journal is to be delivered to the officer of the customs t the first British port of arrival, etc. Officer to deliver to the laster a copy of his oath and to the surgeon a copy of his journal, nd transmit duplicates to the commissioners of the customs. Matters r surgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit xool. Act to extend to lion which Med before Aug. X 1989, if a Copy fee'delivered to/the VOL. XXXVI Aaa com

eotntninder before he has taken in more than the limited number sad

it at such delivery there shall be on board a number of any description beyond the allowed proportions, no more of that description is to be received, nor of any other, so as to exceed in the whose the pnhcribed proportions. Matters acting contvary hereto, to forfeit 301, for ehch Have. Admiralty to appoint per font to deliver copies of the act to the commanders of Ibipa that failed prior to Aug. 1, x7?9» and to take si 1 account of the (laves. Such persons to send lists of tfte ships to which the act has been delivered, etc. to the collectors of the coftoons in the British West Indies, etc. Commanders, etc. obtruding the persons appointed by the admiralty, to forfeit 100 1. Act not to extend to ships taking on board (laves found fnipwreeked, etc. The upper ssd lower cabin, and the space between decks, to he allotted to the flavei.

If any person take the charge of a veftef, who is not qualified as herds directed, he shall forfeit 50l. as also the owner who ihafl employ hm. No infarance to be made against any loss, except the perils of the fca, etc. No vessel to be cleared out that has not a surgeon who has pad his examination. If the officer at the port of discharge shall be satis&d that there have not died on the voyage ifcore than»Haves in the too, be it to give certificates to the matter and surgeon, and on production thereof to the of of the enstoms, they are to order the roaf ter 1001. and the surgeon 50l. Like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been more than 3 in the 100, which will entitle the matter to 501, and the surgeon to 151. Commissioners to inquire into lottcs sustained in consequence of8 Geo. 3. c. 54. by persons who have applied prior to Sept. 1, 1788 Such persons to lay before the oorami(boners the grounds of their claims. Scc. Commissioners to determine

the amount of lottcs, and report to parliament the compenia tien to be made. Commissioners to take the following oath. Treafofy to order 1,000l. to be issued for payment of clerks, See. His majestyto appoint to vacancies of of daring the recess of parftuncat*

XV. And, for the better regulation, encouragement and freservation of the health of the officers and feamtn employed in Ships and vessels trading to the coaji of Africa for slaves and from thence to the West Indies and America, be it enacted by the Before any authority afontlaid, That from and after the first day of August ed^utwardj* one l^ou^anc^ seven hundred and eighty nine, before any ship the matter,or vessel is cleared outwards from any port in Great Britain, the officers, and maftej*, officers, and mariners, shall sign and execute articles of mariners, to agreement, and a muster roll, in the presence of, and witnessed c^sofavree C c^ear'ng officer, and one of the tidesmen of the portjrotn

ment, etc. in whence the ship departs, and a duplicate of the articles of agree the forms ment and muster roll, duly signed and executed, shall bede hcreunto an livered to the aforesaid clearing officer, in order to its being noxother°d lodged with the proper officer in the customhouse, according to form to be the forms hereunto annexed, which agreement shall be conclu uftd, on pe five to all parties for the time contracted for, and no other form nalty ofjol. whatsoever of at tides of agreement or muster roll shall be.used, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the ok of Greenwich hospitable, and the other half to the informer, or other person who shall sue for the same in any of his courts of record, ... r.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authori^ aforesaid* Mutter roll to That a continuation of the muster roll shall he regulatjjf.'jnd keptcgetc.riy >*uly kcpl during the voyage, also a log book, wherem*11 1* penalties, forfeitures, and charges, against any officeroc

shall

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66. 701

shall be regularly entered, and signed by the master, chief mate, and furgeori/and delivered in upon oath, together with the muster roll, on the arrival of the ship or vessel at her discharging port in Great Britain, to the collector or other chief officer thereof; and if any master, chief mate, or surgeon, shall be Penalty fr convicted of signing false muster rolls, articles of agreement, or ^"^rolta log book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one him ctc,

dred pounds, and shall also suffer six months imprisonment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no officer, marinerr No officer, etc. or seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any pre to be

tence whatsoever, unless to assist a ship in acflual distress, which but

is to be certified by the principal officers of both ships concern uncj; r thecir ed, and an agreement made in writing with the said officers or cumstances men solent, or upon preferment, with the consent of the party, here, r men for which a certificate shall be given from the captain of any oftlone* his Majesty's ships or vessels (it any are present), or in their absence two jriftices of the peace, or the collector and comptroller of the customs at the place or port where such ship or vessel shall be or shall first arrive; which certificate shall be returned with the muster roll and log book, on the arrival of the ship at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no master, com No stop, etc. mander, or other person shall fopply the officers or mariners, to be sup seamen or seafaring men, with more stops, tobacco, (pints, or otthe any other article whatsoever, than to the amount of one fourth monthly part of the monthly wages of such officer, mariner, seaman, or wages, seafaring man.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, mariner, Regulation or seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous with regard to manner, it shall be lawful for the commander or commanding ^a^ngvn'a officer to put fuclv officer, mariner, or seaman into confinement riotou*. fedi for a time hot exceeding^werity fofor hours, before the same is tious, nr mu reported to the captain or commander of any of his majesty's tinou9 man ships or vessels (being present, or within a convenient distance), ner

who is hereby authorised to inquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found needffery, and to rant such relief and remedy therein as the circumstances of he case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's ships ire present, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined nto by the master and two officers, in the presence of the ship's rompany; and if it shall Be judged necessary for the safety of he ship and cargo to continue the offender or offenders in onfiriement, such determination shall be drawn up in writing, rith the reasons for coming to fuel! resolution stated at large, nd signed by the master and two officers, which they are hereby hjoineci, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report without elay to the captain or commander or the first ship or vessel be onging'tb his Majesty they may fall in with, and in'default hereof to teport the same to the governor or chief officer of nybrftish fbte on the coast of Africa, or to the governor of ny6f the ivtfi India, islands, 6n their arrival at any port or

A a a 2 road

702 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. {tylj.

mad therein, that such racafacs may be taken to bring the o sender or offenders' to justice as the nature of the case wffl admit.

Mater to

XX. And be it further enacted, That the matter or other person having or taking the charge or conunand of every sech this act, etc. feip 01 vessel, shall cause a printed abstract of this a<tt, and alfe to be hung up a copy of the schedule (A and of the muster roll respectiveb in the most annexed to this att, to be hung up and affixed to the matt

rnhijtwtfrf* place ot fe°k vc^cl ad the same

on penalty of to^constantly kept and renewed, so that at all times they may 201. be accessible to the officers and Teamen on board of such ship

or vessel, uppn pain that every such matter, or other pc riba having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or veitci, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, (halt, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

If mutinous

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, ma into r, ner or fear" an charged with mutiny or (edition, shall be de cu stody" by livered over or taken into custody by the order of the governor

order of a or chief officer of any port eo the coast of Africa, or the gover govemor in nor of any of the ihands in the West Indies, a full statemem West Indicia upon oat they are hereby empowered to administer

statement^up flail he n^de out and lodged with the said governor, together on oath to be with the names of the witnesses who are to support the charge lodged with alleged against the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being etc gandifthe ^cnt some or trial, n the high court of admiralty for theoffeooe matter shall*or °ffcnces alleged against him of them; and in case the said not appear at matter or commander of the said ship or vessel shall oegled to the trial, he appear at the triol, upon being duly summoned, or pubftek no shall incur tice of trj3j 5cing given in the Louden Gazette, he flail not only ascthecourt be nonfe»ted, but shall incur such further penalty as the court flail adjudge. flail adjudge.

Officera, etc. xxli. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to continue in That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her discharging fhr vtovlta 1 Port n Great the officers and seamen therein shall be

cleared W 8 continued in fuh pay and provisions until the ship t cleared wards. inwards, or their accounts settled and paid, and that all wages due to run men shall be forfeited and paid to the use of Green wages of run which hospital, and all other forfeitures shall be applied as is cre^n^icht0 n the articles of agreement, any custom, law, or usage

10 lhe conlrafy notwithstanding.

Where offences may be tried, and penalties sued for. actions msjr be brought within three year after the offence. Persons taking bti&t oaths to incur the pains of perjury, etc. Continuance of this at.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for the more effectuat execution of the laws respecting gaols.

[Preamble.]

T? O R the more effectual execution of tie laws now m being for tie x1 well ordering of gaols % and securing tie health of prisoners may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and

j7$9-] vi^esimo do9q geeaoii 111. C t 703

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at the general quarter session of the peace throughout At the quar ex&sand and wafa^to be next held after the end of this felgon tcr session % parliament, and at the first session of the peace to be held after Mubatlmas ip every succeeding year, the gaoler or other parliament, officer having the care or superiptendance of any gaol within and at the*the jurisdiction of the court held such session, mall, and he is Michaelmas hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the chair man or other magistrate presiding in such court, a certificate certificate in according to the form hereunto annexed, subscribed by himself the form an and verified by him, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, on nexed, to be his oath, to be taken either before such court, or in case of lick delivered by ness, or inability from any other cause to attend, then before to the^hai^ some justice of the peace for the county, town, or difirict in man, read in which such gaol shall be situated, and that such certificate shall open court, express after each of the provisions therein enumerated, whether and cntcrc<) such provision is or is not complied with br observed within such gaol; and such certificate shall be read publicly in open court in the presence of the grand jury, and entered upon record as part of the minutes of the said session.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The court to the said court of quarter session shall thereupon take the said x^e. cer* certificate into their consideration, and summon any person or consideration persons named therein to appear before them, and shall give CC

such directions, and make such orders relative to any of the matters contained in such certificate, as to such justices shall seem meet, and shall and may take security from any person or persons whom the same may concern for his or their due compliance therewith.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or other Penalty on

officer, having the care or superintendance of any gaol, being a p°lcr* ncs* county gaol, shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, cer

such certificate as aforesaid, be shall forfeit for every such offence tificatei. the sum of fifty pounds, and, not being a county gaol, the sum

of twenty pounds to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at wtjlmin (far, or court of great session in lvaley> or the county palatine of Chijier % if the osence shall arise there, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin* protection, wager of aw* or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed

Aa a 3

CER

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. f 1789.*

CERTIFICATE referred lo in the body of this a.

to wit

A

- T the general quarter sessions of the peace, for the held at this day of

in the year of our Lord the certificate of in pursuance of the

Statute in this case made and provided, fefpeding the gaol of

22 Eff 23 C 2. C 20. enacts, that

Felons and debtors shall be kept separate, under penalties upon the sheriff or gaoler.

24 Q. 2. C 40. enads, that

1. No gaoler shall fell, lend, use, give away, or suffer spirituous liquors within any gaol, under a penalty.

2. Copy of the clause last mentioned, as also of two other clauses respecting the same, shall be hung up in the gaol, under a penalty.

32 2. C 28. enads, that -

The clerk of the peace shall causea list of the fees payable by debtors, and the rules and orders for the government of gaols and prisons, to be hung up in the court where the assizes or sessions shall be held, and send another copy to the gaol $ and the gaoler shall cause the lame to be hung up in a conspicuous place in the said gaol.

j3 G. 3. C 58. enads, that Clergymen may be provided to officiate in gaols.

14 G. 3. C 20. enads, that Persons acquitted, or discharged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, shall be discharged immediately, in open court, and without fee.

14 G. 3. C 59. enads, that

1. 'Die wails and ceilings of cells in gaols shall be feraped and white washed once in the year at least.

2. That the cells shall be kept clean; and

3. That they shall be supplied with fresh air, by ventilators or otherwise.

4. That there shall be two rooms (et apart for the hick.

5. That a warm and cold bath, or bathing tubs, shall be provided.

6. That this act shall be hung up in the gaol.

7. That a surgeon or apothecary shall be appointed, with a salary,

I

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

7°5

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repealing the duties an tobacco and snuff; and for granting new duties in lieu thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present asajessy, entitled, An act for re7 Geo. 3. pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting C 13. recited, other duties in lieu thereof, and for'applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, certain duties are imposed upon tobacco imported into Great Britain, and certain drawbacks are allowed upon the exportation thereof; and certain duties are also by the said imposed upon

snuff imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said duties and drawbacks, and in lieu thereof to impose the several duties and allow the several drawbacks, herein mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fromoff.ro, tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty 1789. the du nine, the said duties by the said at imposed upon tobacco im ack

ported into Great Britain, and the said drawbacks by the said acton the impor allowed upon the exportation thereof from Great Britain, to tation of together with the said duties by the said act imposed upon snuff baccoted lo imported, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or drawback al payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, Wed on the allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may exportation at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of tobacco, to fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, ccafc> which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and thefol that, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand lowing duties seven hundred and eighty nine, in lieu and instead of the duties f customs and drawbacks hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, ^paid, 'viz? collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, the several duties of customs and excise herein after mentioned;

(that is to say),

For every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth, produe r For every tien, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of spainp°un<j[of pr Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, there shall

A a a 4 be tobacco im

?o6

ported, 18. 6d. customs, and as. excite;

and when delivered from the warehouse for exportation icv. ciidoms, and ad. excise: for every lb. of Irish or, American tobacco imported, 6d. cllf tom and 9d. excise: for every lb. of snuff imported by the east-india company, tb. 3d. customs and is. excise: from British America, or the Spanish West Indies, 6d. customs, and is.excise: and from any other place, xod. customs, and is. 4d. excise.

Duties on tobacco and fnnff imported and warehoused not payable till delivered thereout.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. a [ 17^:

be paid a custom duty of one shilling and sixpence; and ahbxn excise duty of two Shillings:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which Unit see delivered for exportation out of the warehouse or warchdwferki which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and feairtd, according to the directions of this act, there shall be paid a dwy ft customs of one penny; and also an excise doty of twopence:

For every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth or prodoc tton of Ireland, or of the growth or production of his Majesty's colonie?, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or of the united dates of America, imported into Great Britain, there (kitt be paid a custom duty of sixpence; and also an excise duty of nine pence: }

For, every pound weight of snuff, which shall be imported cr brought mto Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there shall be paid a custom duty of one shilling and threepence; and also an excise duty of

two Shillings:

For every pound weight of snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any British plantation in Amt ricay or from the spani/k iveft Indies there shall be paid a custoo duty of sixpence; and also an excise duty of one shilling:

For every pound weight of snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other place, there shall be paid a custom duty of ten pence; and also an excise duty of one shilling and fourpence.

III. Provided always, That if any tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the directions of this act, then and in such case only, the duties imposed by this act upon the importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such tobacco shall be delivered, cither for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, or for exportation (as the case may be) out of the warehouse in which the same shall be depofired, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of this act; or if any other tobacco, which may be lawfully imported into this kingdom, shall be imported and brought into Great Britain 2nd warehoused according to the directions of this act, then, and in such cate only, the duties imposed by this act upon the importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such tobacco (hah be delivered, for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, out of the warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of this act: provided aflb, That if any snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the directions of this act, then, and in such case only, the duties imposed by this act upon the importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until (bch feaff shall be delivered out of the warehottfe in which the same fhifl

Aribfi vicdsimo nono Georgii III. c. S 707

lepoifittd, lodged, and (Secured, according to the directions of ad.

VI. And be it further enacted That such of the said duties Duties to be tuftfesns by this act imposed, as shall arise or become due in undo*them*: port of Great Britain called England, shall be under the the commit lagcment of the commissioners of the customs in England for fioncu of the time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in customs and t part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the ma*c*fc; e>titnt of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the lan^refik^ e being; and that such of the excise duties by this act im tivdy, CD as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain led England, shall be under the management of the commif lers ot excise in England for the time being; and such thereof shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called tlenod, shall be under the management of the commissioners of cife in Scotland for the time being.

V. And whereat the regulations already provided by law to prevent

1 fraudulent and clandestine importation of tobacco tobacco salis9

a snuff9 into Great Britain, and to prevent the fraudulent re

iding of tobacco, after the same has been )hipped for exportation, or

luauf exported, have been found ineffectual; be it therefore enacted,

hat from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand From 0&. rp,

vea hundred and eighty nine, no tobacco whatever shall be noto

nported or brought into Great Britain, from any port or place jra^tedjbut

hatever, other than same port or place within his majestyv from Ameri

: ionics, plantations, idands, or territories in America, or some ca, on penalty

ort or place within the united states of America, although the of its for

tme shall have been legally imported into and exported from

\roat Britain, and returned for want of sale or otherwise, upon 1 y

ain of forfeiture thereof, together with the hogsheads, casks,

hefts, cases, and packages, respectively, containing the same, and

Mo the ship or vessel in or on board which the same shall be

mported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition,

tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco, hogsheads,

a(kf, cherts, cases, and packages, i^spectively, and also such ship

r vessel with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and

ippard, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the

rurtoms or excise.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhaly except spa xtend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any and" obacco, of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plan frish tobacco, tations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, or of the growth or underthepre production of Ireland', imported respectively in the manner, and fentrcgula -- urtder the rules, regulations, reflections, and provisions (exceptt, on, f where other rules, regulations, restrictions, or provisions are in

that behalf provided by this at) with such tobacco was subject and liable to by any act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the said tenth day of October one thousand feveit hundred and eighty.nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From Aog. X of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no to

porte<i in

708

ships of left bnrthen tuan xxotons CD be forfeited, with the vessel.

Ho tobacco lulkt, tobac

vessel, etc.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

[17s9.

bacco or snuff shall be imported or brought itvt^ gn^.blri^aiis, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek, thereof, from foreign, parts, in or on board any ship, vessel, or boat of less burden than one hundred and twenty tonnes, on pain of forfeiting all Rich tobacco and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cates, and package respectively containing the same, and alb the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board which such tobacco or snuff mall be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco, fnuffi hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases, and packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boat, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured, or tobacco stalk

wfnuffw^k Hour, or snuff work, shall be imported or brought into Groat to be import Britain, from foreign parts, in any hip, vessel, or boat whatever, CD on penalty on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, ofits ferfei. and snuff work respectively, with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, tore, with the cafcs) ancj other packages respectively, containing the lame, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board which the same Hull be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boat, guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco or snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any hogshead, calk, chert, case, or other package, except in an hogshead, calk, chert, or case, or in hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases, each of which shall contain at the lead four hundred and fifty pounds weigh net of tobacco or snuff, not packed in bags or packages within any such hogshead, calk, chert, or case, nor separated or divided, within any such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, or in any manner whatever, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco and fauff re spetftively, with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases, and other packages respectively, containing the same, and aho the ship, vessel, or boat in which the same mall be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco and snuff, hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boar, guas, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

X Provided always, That nothing in this a contained ftufi extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit anyjfiif

__________ vessel, or boat, or her guns, furniture, ammunition, facktfe pr

the ufcof the apparel, for or by reason of any tobacco beiqg^imported jp crew, not ex brought in such ship, vessel, or boat, into Grfdt bkitoim* Jpose, for eac^ oer or x^c use t, ie amen then belonging to and boa^d jg$h tonne?*'ship, vessel, or boat, or for the use ofjhepaffcpgcrf thqpl&ng

on

aor tobacco orhuffb caffc* containing left than 450 lb. on like penalty;

but not to extend to loose tobacco brought for

89*} Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$, 709.

1 board such ship, vessel, or boat, not exceeding five pounds eight of tobacco for each person, nor to forfeit any such bacco.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing nor shall the this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to (tend, to prevent evidence from being received in any suit or be made^roai formation brought for the forfeiture of any ship or vessel, for the fmailness r on account of any tobacco or snuff imported or brought in of the quan ly ship or vessel, in order to shew, from the fmailness of the t, t3r*tlut jantity of the said tobacco or snuff, and under the circumstan^fnuffa«nw is of the case, that the said tobacco or snuff was on board such on board lip or vessel without the knowledge and privity of the owner, without the of the master or other person having or taking the charge or knowledge of >mmand thereof, and without the wilful neglect or want of rafter^lasonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, iafter, or other person having the charge or command of such lip or vessel; and in every such case, where proof shall be made, om the fmailness of the quantity of tobacco or snuff, and other rcumstances, that such (mail quantity was on board without te knowledge, privity, or consent, either of jthe owner, or the iafter or other person having or taking the charge or command lereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable ire, either in the owner, or in the master or other person having r taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, then and every such case such ship or vessel shall not be forfeited for or n account of such small quantity of tobacco or snuff.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any ship, vessel, or vessels.witji oat shall be found at anchor, or hovering, within the limits of more ny of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of le coast thereof, or shall be discovered to have been within fni^ ich limits or distance, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind tobacco nd weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necessity, folks, etc. or distress of weather (of which necessity ordiftrefs the master

other person having or taking the charge or command of such found at an lip, vessel, or boat, shall give notice to, and make proof before chor or jho le collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port veringwithhi rithin the limits of which such ship, vessel, or boat shall be.

3tmd immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boat CC0M rithin the limits of such port) having on board any tobacco or luff, which, taken together or separately, shall exceed one hundred pounds weight, or any tobacco statks, whether manufactured r unmanufactured, or any tobacco (talk flour, or snuff work, lien not only all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco (talk lour, snuff work, and snuff, respectively, together with the ogfheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively ontaining the same, but also the ship, vessel, or boat on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with her guns, umitore, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, whether bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

And be it further enacted, That no tobacco of the Regulations

growth for the imo

portation of American tobacco.

Tobacco or

snuff to be forfeited if imported into any other part of Great Britain, than the places herein enumerated.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$.

[1789.

growth or production of his ma]cfl/s colonies, plantations,

irtand$, or territories in America, or of the growth or produ^ka of the united itates of America, shall be imported or brought mte Great Britain, unless the same (if it be tobacco of the growth or production of his majesty's said colonies, plantations, iftaods, or territories) shall be imported into Great Britain directly from some part of the said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, or if the same be tobacco of the growth or production of the said united states unless the same mall be imported or brought into Great Britain directly from some part of the said united itates; nor shall any such tobacco be imported or brought into Great Britain from any part of the said colonies, plantation, islands, or territories, unless the thip or vefle) in or 00 bond which the same shall be fb imported or brought shall be Brifi^ built, registered according.tolaw, and navigated with the matter and three fourths of the mariners Brittfl>\ nor (hah any fbeh tobacco be imported or brought from any part of the said united itates, unless the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought shall be either british bxj\\t, registered and navigated as aforesaid, or shall be built in the countries belonging to the united states of America, or any of them, and owoed by the subjects of the said united states or any of thews, ami navigated with a matter and three fourths of the mmiocss at lead, subjects of the said united itates, or any of them, upon pain of forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, contrary to the directions of this act, together with the hogsheads, caiks, cherts, c^fes, and other packages respectively, containing the same, and the ship or vrflek in or on board which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, sod apparel; and such tobacco, and the hogsheads, caiks, chdb, cases, and other packages respectively, containing the ferine, to gather with the ship or vessel in or on board which the fmm shall be so imported or brought, and her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be feiacd by anj officer or officers of the custotns or excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco or ibuff whatever shall be imported or brought into any part of Gramme Britain, except the ports of London, brifol Liverpool, Lamafkr, Owes Falmouth, iphitebaven, Hull, Port Glajgom, Queewack, and Leith, upon pain of forfeiture of all such tobacco and (iauw respectively as shall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain, except some or one of the find ports herrin hifam enumerated, together with the hogsheads, caiks, chefta, cases, and other packages respectively, containing such fcobedo* m (huff refyectively, and the ship or vessel in or 00 board which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with her gam, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; andfochfotwcc* and (huff respectively, and the hogsheads, caiks, chdb, cases, and other packages respectively, containing the same, toyfer with the thip or vessel in or on bowd whick the tatoeihae be b

imported

1789.] Anno vioe&tno nono Georgii II. c. 69 711

mpotted or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

XV. Provided heverthdefs, That if any tobacco, of the growth American to r production of the said united dates, which shall, in the fair hacco im m.d. lawful way of barter or traffic between the people of the tteweftfodia [aid united dates and any of the people of his majesty's islands islands in n the West Indies, be imported or brought from any part of the traffic, may aid united dates into any of the said islands by British subjects,* from. m.d. in british built ships owned by his majesty's subjects, and into uvigated according to law, it shall and may be lawful to export greatbritaia, From any of the said islands, the same tobacco, and to import it under the directly from thence into some one or other of the said refyective restriaions ports herein before enumerated, in a briti/k built ship or vessel mca- of the burden of one hundred and twenty tonnes or upwards, (b regidered and navigated as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the several rules, regulations, redriclions, and provisions in this a:

: and provided for the importation into Great Britain of tobacco directly from his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America.

XVI. Provided also, That the n*me or names of the fevers! Karnes of the sod respective ships or vessels, in which suck tobacco shall be soc(tcl8* ct imported frdm any part of the said united dates, into any of the [©b^co?nto said islands in the fve/l fydmy and also the several and respective the West names of the several and respective masters of such ships or Indies, to be vessels, shall be particularly specified in the manifed or manifeds,

ar content or contents in writing, accompanying into Great^ "* Britain such tobacco Co imported, according to the directions of; his act

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any ship or Officers of the

tc&d whatever shall have taken on board tobacco at any port or customs in jlace whatever within his majesty'scolosties, plantations, islands, coio^cfm § ar territories in America, in order to convey the same from thence America to mo Great Britain, the collector and comptroller of the customs deliver to the it fetch port or place where such ship or vessel shall have taken on of.

>oard such tobacco, if there shall be such collector and comp - clmrfnga* Toiler resident at such port or place, and, in default thereof, manifest, wo other chief officers of the customs at such port or place, which shall hali, at and on the clearing of every such ship or vessel by the authorise the aropef officer of the customs appointed for that purpose, deliver j^thculbac o the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or co Great command of such ship or vessel, a manifed or content in writing, Britain, mder their hands and seals of office, which manifed or content

bail, contain the name of the port or place where such tobacco 0 fetch; manifed or cootenc mentioned shall have been lb taken aboard, the name and built of the ship or vessel so taking the kaaepa board, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof icoonbng to the vegider of the same, together with the chridiari m.d. fername^of the mader, or other person having or taking the dtarge orcommand of such ship pr vessel, and the port and place o which fitchrlbip or vessel truly belongs, and a true account of

1712 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii 1h. C. 8.. [1789.

till the tobacco so laden on board such ship or vessel, with the number of hogsheads, calks, chefti, and cases, containing the same, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in eatfc such hogftiead, calk, chest, or case, together with the mark and numbers seton each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, 'w case, with the care of each such hoefhead, calk, chest, nr case;

and such weight of the tobacco and care respectively shall ahb be marked on each such hogshead, calk, chest, or case; which said manifest or content, and none other, shall be required for such tobacco imported in pursuance of and according to the di i regions of this act, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

From 051.10,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the 1790, o to tenth jay^October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no growth of the tobacco °£ growth or production of the united states of American America shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from Oatratobe any part of the said united states, unless the master, or other imported person having or taking the charge or command of the Ibip or manifrft* vessel importing such tobacco, shall have on board a manifest or sworn to by manifest, $, content or contents in writing, made out and signed the matter of by such master or other person, on or before the clearing of such the vessel ship or vessel, at all, each, and every the ports or places within the said united states where such tobacco shall be laden on board, containing the name or names of the several and respedkve ports or places where the tobacco in such manifest or mantfefts, or content or contents mentioned shall have been lb respectively laden on board, the name and built of such ship or vessel, together with the christian and surnames of the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the port or place to which such ship or vessel truly, belongs, and also the tonnage of such ship or vessel; which too

nage, if such ship or vessel shall be british built, shall be deemed and taken to be the true admeasurement according to the register thereof; and which manifest shall also contain a true account of all the tobacco so laden on board such ship or vessel, Wkh the number of hogsheads, calks, cherts, and cases respectvdy; containing the same, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each such hogshead, calk, chdl, or case, together with the marks and numbers seton each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, with the care of each such hoglhesfd, calk, chest, or case; and such weight of the tobacco and cart fe foedti vely shall also be marked on each such hogshead, calk chest, or case; upon which said manifest or manifests, or cofttem'br contents in writing, there shall be endorsed the 01th of the hiifhr or other person having or taking the Charge or oototmrkfoffaeh Ibip or vessel, testifying the truth thereof, and fworri to Wfftfch 'master or other person, on or before such clearing Of Ift or vessel in the said united states, before the Brtfijk there shall be any British consul they resident port or place where such tobacco shall be before some magistrate or publick ofltetf

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 71j

such placeoc port, if there be not any British consul resident at or near to such port Or place: which manifest, and none other,

shall be retired for such tobacco imported from the said united dates of America, in pursuance of and according to the directions of this aany law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Prom oft.io, said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, 1

if any tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, Join

any ship or vessel whatever, from any port or place within his bacco from majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, America.

: r from any port or place within the united states of America, w.itllout without such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as is in that behalf herein directed, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Matters of tenth day of Ofiobtr one thousand seven hundred and ninety, q1j1g?hv^e, gvery matter or other person having or taking the charge or^"aj command of any ship or vessel, in or on board which any tobacco four leagues shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, either from any of the coast, port or place within his majesty's said colonies, plantations, Jo produce Hands, or territories m America or from any port or place to^he'proper within the said united ftgtes of America, shall, upon the arrival officers, ctc^ A such ship or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, dr within four leagues of the eoalx thereof, produce

: o all and every officer and officers of the customs, and also to

all and every officer and officers of exrife, who shall come on

hoard, such (nip or vessel within such limits or distance, all and

svery such manifest or manifefls, dr content or contents in

writing, for his tfhd their examination and inspection; and all

ind every such officer and officers, to whom such manifest or

nanisetts, or content or contents shall have been so produced,

hall certify such production upon the back thereof; and such

natter or other person (o having or taking the charge or com

nand'of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall provide, give,

tnd deliver to the first officer of the customs who shall come on

x>ardfoch ship or vessel, on the arrival thereof within the limits

f any of the said ports herein before enumerated, and shall

ilfo in like manner provide, give, and deliver to the first officer

f excise who shall come on board such ship or vessel, on the

trrival thereof within the limits of any of the said ports herein

>efore enumerated, a true copy of such manifest or manifests, or content or contents; and each Arch officer shall certify upon the

>ack of such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, the

cceipt of such copy or copies thereof, with the particular day

tad the time when each such officer so received the same; and Officer of the

uohiqfficer of the customs who shall first come on board such cust°m»to

bipror vessel shall batten, fasten, and lock down the main and ^hatcht*

sther hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of wayb.

towag*in such stupor veflid p attd if such officer shall neglect so to

by

*7i4 Anno vfttfimb npnogfcomoiiiii. c.^k?. r,

to do, then and irt that case any other officer or officers of the customs shall batten, fatten, and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place ofttowage in such ship or vessel; and the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall, and he is hereby required to aflitt or cause to be assisted such oicer or ofikers, by and with a diffident number of the crew of such ship or vessel, in the battening and locking down such hatchway Fthe matter or hatchways: and if any such matter or other person shall neg restife to pro ]e or refuse to produce such maftifett or manifests, of content or nif^tket* contcnfs>or Co ghrcatw such c°py thereof, or to assist or cause to or if the*be aflifteri any such officer or officers in battening, fattening, or

hatchway, locking down inch hatchway or hatchways, according to the diretfions of this act; or If any such hatchway shall, after the down shallafnc ^tve^kattcncd> fattened, or locked downs be improperly aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, be opened; a opened, he if any fattening or lock affixed to any such hatchway, for the I

shall forfeit purpose of fattening Or locking the same, according to the di j

*ooi* regions of this act, shall be opened, broken, or damaged, after

such hatchway shall Have been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, and before the same shall have been opera! by the proper officer or officers of the customs; the matter person having or taking the charge or command of fed ship or vessel shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit tk Aim of two hundred pounds.

If hulk be

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the arrival broken withinship or vessel having tobacco on board, within the limits a of the coast* ny porta'ia Great Britain, or within four leagues of tfc

C the vessel, coast thereof, bulk shall be broken, or any part of the tobsec: C to be for, laden on board such ship or vessel shall be unladen or unshipptf a <rted* nnd froin or Hit of such ship or vessel, within the said limits C j pay acx?l!r t0dtstance, and, if within the limits of any of the ports first herds before enumerated, before such ship or vessel shall have bee moored according to the directions of this act in that behalf, £ before the proper officer or officers of the customs, with the co font of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Engkadb the time being, or any four or more of them, or the comm dionttrs of his majesty's customs in Scotland for the time bekt. or any three or more of them, 'for that purpose, shall! havedi i sttrthorised the unlading thereof, every such ?hip or vessel, w I gether with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and sp pare!, and all he tobacco then in or on board such ship vessel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any a Acer or officers of the customs or excise, and such master &reik person shall forfeit the Aim of two hundred pounds.

Penalties on

XXII. Provided always, That no such (nip or vessel9'i breaking bulk guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, or apparel, twr I

hatchways tobacco then in or on board such ship or vessel, shall be not to extend or ty rcatt>n of bulk being broken, or any of to vessela being unladen or unfttipped as aforesaid I nor ftuh Iink where the or other person incur the said igft^nenuoaed pcaqjty

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

hundred pounds, in case the same was occasioned by unavoidable accident, necessary, or distreb, and proof thereof shall be Unmediately made by the master or other person having or taking (lie charge or command of such ship or vessel, and two or more of the mariners belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, upon oath, before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port within the limits of which such accident, necessity, or distress shall have happened, or before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of the first port of Great Britain within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall afterwards arrive, if such accident, necessity, or distrefe shall have happened not within the limits of any British port; nor shall the Dialler or other person having or taking the charge pr command of any ship or vessel, whose hatch way or hatchways shall, after the same shall have been battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, incur the said penalty of two bundled pounds herein imposed on such matter or other "person, for or by reason of any such hatchway being opened, or for or by reason of any fattening or lock affixed to any such hatchway, for the purpose of locking the same according to the directions bf this at, being opened, broken, or damaged, in case the same shall have been occasioned by unavoidable accident, necessity, or distress, and like proof shall be made upon oath, before the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at such of the said ports herein beford enumerated within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall first arrive; and all such collectors, and other chief officers respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer the oaths respectively by this at directed or authorised to be made.

xxfti. And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco or snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, liiall be landed or put on share in Great Britain, or unshipped or delivered from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, with intention to h? landed or put on more in Great Britain, without a Warrant for the landing or delivery of the same first signed by the proper officer or officers of the customs in that behalf, and without the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, all such tobacco or snuff respectively, together with the hogftieads, calks, cheftg, cases, and other packages whatever, Containing the same, and the ship, vessel or boat in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, and from which Che same shall be so unshipped, and also the ship, vessel, or boat into which the same shall be so unshipped, and likewise all and catch and every ship, vessel, and boat by which or from which t he same, after having been so unshipped shall be landed or de vd, with all their guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and wf|g»arel respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall nd may be jfeaftedi by any officer or officers of the cuttomi or excise; and the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee consignees, of any such tobacco or snuff, and the matter, snate, or other person or persons having or taking the charge or xxxvl. Bbb ' command

same has been done by unavoidable accident or nc ccffity.

Tobacco or snuff landed without a warrant from the proper officer to be forfeited, and the proprietor, C to forfeit treble the value

L

comratflion ers of the customs to appoint paces for mooring of vessel8 importing tobacco till cleared.

Matters neglecting to moor their

Aflao yitt&ino.flotfb Geossu HL cs. [

commaodof ay such fliipj veffd, or boat^and au. and person or persons who shall be in any wise concerned, or or sitting in the unthipping, landing, or delivery of any tobacco or fhuff, or to whole hands, custody, otpoflefikxt such tobacco or fnuffshall come after the same mall be so shipped; landed, or delivered, or put on shore as afareittd,

(he, or they knowing the same to have been so unshipped, lam or delivered, shall for every such offence forfeit treble the vafar^f such tobaccoor snuff rejptdtively, to beettimated according to the bestand higl^eff rate and price which tobacco or snuff re^eo tively, of the best quality, shall sell for in London st thews when such forfeiture shall be incurred,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said of of the customs in England for the t; me being, or any four or more of them, shall, and they the said of, or any four or more of them, are hereby required, from tonne to time, to six and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed and from time to time continued, at each and every of the ft spective ports in England herein before enumerated; (that is to say,) London, bri/tol, Liverpool, Lamqfler, Cowes Fainsoa#, Whitehaven, and Bulla certain place for the mooring all ships or vessels, in or on board which any tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the diredioo* of this actor which shall come to or arrive within such respectise ports; and the said of of the customs in Septan i for the time being, or ally three or more of them, shall, and they the said last mentioned of, or any three or more of them, are hereby required, from time to time, to six and ip point, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from rhyme io time continued, at each of the said respective ports in Scutlzi I herein before enumerated; (that is to say,) Port Gla'gnr, Greenock, and Leith a certain place fof the purpose of moorinj 11 such ships and vessels, in or on board which any tohacc* shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according j the directions of this at, and which shall come to or arrive within such respective ports; and the matters, or otherperfeos respectively, having or taking the charge or command of hsa ships or vessels, shall, at their respective costs and charges immediately on such arrival of such ships or vessels, cause all fed ships or vessels respectively to be conducted to and moored st such places so fixed and appointed, at the said ports reipc&pvefy to which such ships or vessels shall so come, or within which such ships or vessels shall respectively arrive; and all such (flips or vessels shall, at the costs and charges of such matters, or other persons respectively, remain and continue at such moorings until all the tobacco on board the same shall have been landed and delivered therefrom, in manner herein mentioned, ' and tufcif such ships or vessels shall have been regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the customs for that purpose; and if ny such matter or other person final I omit, riegfc^, of refuse to cause any such ship or vessel so to be xpqduded

oorefig

*7^} Anno vicesimo riono gfeoroii ill. C 68.

c^6rh|fto the fliredtions of this act in that behalf, or if aftjffiich ship or vessel shall depart from or leave such her mooring, contrary Horthe directions of this act in that behalf, the matter or other pfcffon having or taking the charge pr command of ftidt ffiip or vessel shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, unless, fh too judgement of the said commissionen, such matter or other person shall be prevented from such compliance by means of arty tinvoidable accident.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That on the arrival of any ship or vessel, in which any tobacco shall be imported or brought into any or either of the ports herein before enumerated, at such her moorings, at any or either of the said ports herein before enumerated, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall make a just and true entry or report upon oath, 'with the collector or other chief officer of the customs of such port, Openly at the custorrt house of such port, of the burden, contents and lading of such ship or vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden in or on board such ship or vessel, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, and do and perform every act and thing in relation! thereto, before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of ftjch port, openly in the customhouse at such port, in the manner and as the owners, matters, purfers, or briber persons taking charge of ships or vessels are dire<9ed and required by an act made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty queen Elizabeth intituled An dif limiting (he time for laying on land mer efiandizes from beyond the seat) and touching customs of fxueet wines, and by an act made in the thirteenth'and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses ih his Majests cujiomsunder the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and all tobacco found on board' any; such ship or, vessel, gf which no such report fhtajl hae been made with the ool ledlpr or other chief officer of the customs, shall be forfeited td&eiller with the hogsheads, caflcs, chetts, cases, and other packages respectively, containing the same and such tobacco hogsheads, calks, chelt*, cases, and other package ffefpi&ivelyf friall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the custortl* Or Recife! r' '.

And be it farther fenacted, That the matter or other

Sgr having or taking the charge or comhnartd of any such w*vessel (lull, at the time when such entry or report upon !shall be or ought to have been so ntade, deliver to the 6t other chief'officer of the customs, at such ports re fudh minifeft t>r mantfefts', or content or contents in wtf^g'as herein mentioned; and if any such matter or other person shaft omit, neglect, orrefufe to deliver fijeh manifest or Jtthriifefts, Or content or Contents, to such collector or other thief Officer of the cbstoms, according to the directions of this a hvcrfcctch matter or other person.ot persons so offending

B b b 2 shall,

7*7

vrifeli, C to forfeit look

If on arrival at her moorings the matter neglect to make cptry of'any fufch vessel, etc. h

shall forfeit ioo). and the tobacco, etc.

Matters neglecting to deliver mani/efts to the officer of the custom, to forfeit look

7*8

Importers of tobscco to make entry with the officers of the customs and eiciccof the quantity, etc. within the time herein limited after the arrival thereof;

Anno vioefirnb nono georqmiii,

Audi, far emery ffichosence, forfeit' tbp'.tfim

*°XXVII» And be it further enacted/ttai allaha '£fc£f'\ia'j porter orimportets, proprietor or proprietors, consignee 6rcon* ligates of tobacco imported or brought iptq any of either otthe porta herein more enumerated, shall! relpedivrfy, wjtmnten days, if the whoje.or the.majqr part of tfje landing oath ftip or vessel in which. fpph.tdb>*cco shall be (b imported P brought sat tobacco, or within fifteen day*if the major partqft sliding of tack ship, or yaffil (balfconfift of other goods, and htfc'dtitobacco, after theropflejr or other person having or takinvffie charge nr command of such thip dr vesselshall have pt ought so have made fficli entry or report open oath, make, wuhtheedl le&or or other chief officer of the cultqms, and alfp wirt^ffiij cohedtor of excite of such of the said ports herein, before3et^i mcrated, into, which any fuclt tobacco shall be im^offed«brought in any such ffiip or veffij, a tjue entry in wrft^ of'aa such tobacco in or on board bach ffiip or veitej, belongnfefp

andimportera of snuff to make like entry.

production of Irfktf4, tu of hisjjdajelfy colonies, pfaritafiorts, astands, or tetri coriestn Amenta* or of the u lifted bf

america*and also» tba'nymbeioftofb^ cases, with lw pprtifuht marks^atip njji^bff>t'each, of jf)tdtj and the weight apd, Qqantity of tah^£ con|*uv^ffijet Am agreeably to die feverpl. ^ncl refect? fltarks, ^ntffinbets, ind contents as speeffied i % thejpanifefl, of assmisers, or content or content s>n writing, yejative to such ecffi&ojvq tobacco, a fidafb agreeably to the particulars fetforjth'm sich enlry br fejx^f umi on oath of the msftex or other person having tpknvg^the charge or command.pt the ftdpprvettq in or ^jbodftr wpidh such tobacco shall be, fa, respe$ivclyimported or brouibl' into either of the port bpfeip beforeeriutheratetf.' V, U \ xxviii, And be, jt further enacted, that.wrttnn tbvi.^tfifvi neat after the mailer or purler' for, that, voyage, of themijfpr vessel whereinany.fmiff shall be imported or brought fiitq li>y & either of the portsiverein beforeenunxcratfdiihalthave oif'<ft|ght to have made a just and true entry or report upon oath qfllfa tw* then, contents, and lading of such ffiip qt veffilip'pufljt^ the d»rcdlions of the said.acts madeio the first ycarof Till of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, aq40 thf |mrteerst|. fourteenth years of ffie reign of King ca^/f^fie, ^econo, importer or importers, proprietor' or ^ppn^ws. conhgoees, of such shall makei,

chiet officer of thcwl^v

«iie, of such; of the fjtid ports., bereui beffire ernutifcj^ka ibid

'«b*hfany {* for?.#)1*.'?

board ftkfr ship v^ei, a truf cmrv^ w^ting; f aij such tniis in or on board such ship or veffipf, Belonging to likes itftponer u 'or

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 719

or inmprters, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees specifying in such entry, whether Hie same be snuff imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East ipdiesy 6t fittiff imported from any British planuribnin aqiericqy or from the Spauift iveft indth, or snuff imporned from anji other place, and also the nuihbei ttf feogstead*, cases, cherts, and cases, with the particular*'marks nvtd numbers of \

each and every of them, and the weight aftd quantity of snuff com^ricd therein; aim if the importer or importers, proprietor If such entry or proprietors; cdnfignfe or C nfignees, of any tobacco or (huff be not made, imported or brought into any pr either of the ports herein thetob^eo bpfpre enumerated, shall onrih, riegted, or rdfiife, contrary to the bc^ontcyed' dirc&ibhs of this act, to make, with the iollcftor or other chief to the King's officer of the custoirts, and with the collectdr of excise, of such warehousr, of t^claid ports herein beforcenumerated, into which any such and per tobacco of snuff shall be brought or imported as herein tiireft CD such true entry in writing of any Such tobacco or snuff in or be paid for of board any such ship or vessel, belonging to such importer or warehouse iotnorrers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee of consignecs, it rcat* fhsvf and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of the cufifoms or excise to convey all such tobacco and snuff re speftivfcly, together with the bogheads, caflcs^ cherts, and cases containing the same, to sortie or one of the tespective warehouse or waif^iqufes to be, provided according to the directions of this act; apd such tobacco shall/be deposited, lodged, and secured therein for the space oftwenry fourmomtts, and such snuff m*11 bedeposited, lodged, and secured therein for theypaccof onp month, unless such toftacco and Mpeftively shall be cleared and taken from or out of such wifelkhifc 6r Warehouse, by We importer or imposters, proprietor 6r>proprietors, consignee or <&nfignee$ thereof, before the rtc^lratfbrt of such twenty fopr months, or one month respectively; add no such tobacco or (huff shall be cleared Of delivered from bf 'Out of such ware hpufc or warehopfes, unless the importer dr Importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or confi^nefjs 'thereof shall tirft psyt, into the hands of the proper cufwm warehouse keeper, warehouse relit for such tobacco and fnliff respectively, it and after the rate of sixpence per week fr each and every hogshead, case chert, or case, of such tobacco ani snuff respectively, for fu<h time as the same respectively shall remain in any such warehouse or warehouses. V

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Tobacco or shall Extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent [nu^br^, (t tobacco or snuff, legally imported'or thought in or on board afiyship or vessel into any of either of the said respective ports rated in this hqqpty beroitj enumerated, from being carried or conveyed in aft, maybe or'oh Board the same ship or vessel from thence to any other of 5unicycd, tfsc said, respective ports herein beforeentimeraied, for the pur |0cai, other C pofipjof being landed there, and deposited, lodged, 'nd secured port, if it be axe the warehouse or warehouses so to be provided at such fed fdoriginally ^.c^iyncd 'port, according to the drreftions of this act, if fudi sported,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [1789.

tobacco or snuff shall be originally reposted for that pwrpowhy the master or other person having or takittgthe change tfrcow mand for that voyage of such ship or veftbly with the edreter or other chief officer of the customs of ibck 'original^sri of importation.

luiuuiitfuvu.

Vessel laden

XXX. Provided always, and be it further efiadett, Hat t^hacco^mav hothing in this act Contained shall tttebd, or' be confliued to conje into 'extend, to prevent any ship Or vessel htden in the whole with

Cowes and tobacco, from coming into the following ports of this kingdom, Rahnombto of either of them, to'wait for orders; \tndoliat) the pons M ders under Cfwes and Falmtuth'y and' thebe to remain for the space of'fow the within teen days and no longer, without bemgfufcjeft or litwetod* specified re fcgulations or restrictions of tills aft; oft condition rhafftfct gelations. pialiei or other person having or talcing the Charge or coriunaod

of such Ibjp or vesselfo coming or arriving within the limits af the said ports of Gated and Falmouth respectively for the purpose aforesaid, do, immediately on coming' or arriving within At said limits, make the same known to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the said posts; also make a jud and true entry in writing, on oath bifort fnchcolle&of or other chief officer (who if hereby authorised and required tbadad* nifter the same,) of the burthert, contents, and lading of lit said vessel, in manner directed by this act jon sail are whereof, pr in not departing ffdih the fain ports rtflpeftively artheekpi ration of the said fourteen days, unless in case of unavoidable necessity, every such'lhift or vessel; and tht matter for other person having or taking the Charm: or command thereof; and atfa the cargo in pr on board the same, flwlfbe1 febjeft and liabftt* all and each and every thfc rules, 'rtgolatloas; 'reflriftiohsy 'P' nalties, and forfeitures in this act Mentioned.

Kofnuffim

XXXI. And be it further ernftetf, 'That nd fnoff whatever, potted shall which (halt be imported or tyrought into gftm Britaiki ants te exiwtatton, r entered or reported for exportation in the same ship, orixpaw orexported*in ed therein to foreign parts; and ah entries Jrtld reports which the same ship. shall be made of such snuff, contrary to the dittfliutit Of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared To be tiouand yoid.' "-': -

Ommiffloo

XXXII. And be it farther enacted, That thefatd cosirimiffi eros customs oners of the customs in England for the time being, or rttjrfta warehouses or <nore them, and the said commissioners of the Cdftoitto m fer depositing Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of theat; ball. tobacco and and they respectively are hereby authorised and required', oot«

any of the duties or revenues of customs uhdftrbehf'wmmage ment respectively, to provjde, from time to tithe, fich'wvrt house and warehouses as they respectively shall deem 'ritoilfsie and necessary for denositing, lodging, and fecwring ritebem, at each and every of the said respectivft ports "first enumerated, i n England and Scotland respectively, ^ll'fofchw

hacco and snuff respectively as ftnh'b^rapdwed'dcitftdfag to I jhc directions of this act at such ts. < "'u

XXXIII. And be it further e

it the fakh cthwfo'rf fiopai

yfaffwo oond Georgii III. c. yat

>p'iwr*'m)t^c; suflwns'io england fur the time being, or any four Commission ^(w^v^mthena, and the said of of the customs n % shn4>fefithe tuneheh>g, or aujrthreo or more of them, (halt, appoint offi fjtyejcfetpcsi.moly are hereby au: boriftd and required to acm to attend joiqt one or more officer or officer of the customs, n England warehouses. unt Scotland, c«spa#wely, to attend all and every such warehouse or tjftarefrwifea fa tpbe provided, according to the directions of twf p V, and Scotland respectively, and one or more of &><& to he a, custom warehouse keeper or warehouse

kqfiftftts of each and every such warehouse; and the said com rpiffiooeffrof excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the pp^jp^pmt of them respectively for the time being, shall, and wfpc^iwely te licreby in like manner author! fed and re i){me^rtp appoint one. or more officer or officers of excise to at fe^fiiljmd every such warehouse or warehouses so to be pro according to the directione! of this act, in England and ^e^f^, tefpedliv«lyvaod one or more of such officer or officers excise warehouse keeper x»r warehouse keepers of each j||i4qwy such warehouse,

iuv. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer Officers of the Of, of the customs on board every such ship or vessel customs on yx, which tobacco shall be imported, according to the direifti maritthe this act shall mark, or cause. to be marked every hoarheads, hpgfnead, palk, clvfft, and case of tobacco with such mark or which are to uqtpfcmpn as the said of of the customs in be landed in

tar hp northeast being, or any four or more of them, or the ^j^'^oiamissioners of, the customs in Scotland for the time0 the ware tbping, or any three.ortmor^of them, shall diredv, and also with houses, where ^progressive numbers 4 r and no hog (head, calk, chest, or case of the tobacco is tobacco shall be undipped, landed, or delivered from or out out feoarat rqt such ship, or yeflpl, before the same shall have been so mark d, andweigh jep*(t*nd wh*n the same shall have been so marked, the imported, cera,

proprietors, or consignees of such tobacco respectively shall fppthwith provided the same shall have been duly entered,) in the presence, of the proper officer or officers of the customs. unship,

ard land, or c+jfeto be unshipped and landed, in the ufoai manner, all fuph tobacco, and shall carry and convey the or cause the same to be carried and conveyed 10, and de ftofeed in, same or one of the respective warehouse or waie*

- houses so to be provided as directed by this act, at such of the Dprtf §fft herein before enumerated at which such tobacco shall

Sported; and the proper officer or officers of the customs

ttend such tobacco from the time of the unshipping thereof, he same shall be so deposited, and the same shall be forth jrithfodged and (centred in such warehouse or warehouses; and uhtjj^ftpcrlanding waiters of the customs shall, upon there fotkhrcfhogfheadt, caflcs, chests, or cases of tobacco being 1b bought as aforesaid to such warehouse or warehouses, and W the same, causeiproper landing marks and numbers to be fit, stamped, py affixed upon each and: every such hogshead, fifcrobfft, Of case of tobacco; and fetch importers, proprietors,

: .*B b b4 or

jr. Aoro yicefifbo noooo g^oron hj>c. 4hk A [ t

or consignces respeiuycly^ shall forthwith tako taken all luc tobacco from and out of the phetls, or cases respe&ivcty containrog the Came, and also fepv rate all the d*magfd aq<ljnican tobacqo, for which they f*fp*e- lively shall refuse tq pay the duties by this act ip>pose4*r ffw the rcildue of such tobacco an ^ib f<*thwia^ bacco, or cause ie same when lo taken pqt to be fejro^bt to and put into the proper (bales, tobe/welghed* io fogh pare house qr warehousest and such landing waiters, tog^tlier with the proper officer dj officer excite belonging to fitch warehouse c>r wardioufcs, .(hill forthwith within tuch warchwfcpr warehouses weigh, or savfle to be weighed, and to ke au aocotiwt of, all such tobacco; and such iipppttew, proprietors, or aeon

\ figures respectively shallaho, when and so toon as such >ofraceo^shall have been weighed.and taken an account ofr take tb kmc pr cause the same to he taken frdui and our of thefcakaio which the same shall have heen so weighed, and alfio remove the same, 6r cause'ihc. same to be removed to and properly (lowed away in such convenient part, or part of fiach warebow* or warehouses as fuefr caftom warehouse keeper or wordtotiie Importer! keepers shall "ini that behalf dirca*, and if any such importer pegiefting to or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consigneca ouvof°hocf^ tob3cco> pmtr^ negjest, or re£ufet contrary to the true heads lodged intent and meaning of this asto takaor.cauf* to be jtakeo from iu inch ware or out of the hoglheats, calk, cheflu qr case containing the same, bouteg.&c.to any futh tobacco, which shall be deposed, lodged, or secured in (udf warehqofe or warcliaiifes. as aforesaid, or fbatt negkd boglbcad. pr rae 16 bring'any such tobacco, or cause the Tamo to br brought to put 1 no flic proper Jcales, to be weighedafore* said, or shall riegjcdl pr xetuce to tpk? any tobacco which shall have been weighed anti taken ah account of as directedbjr this ail, Of ttufe the same to be taken, at their own expeaee, ' from or oot of the fcalci in which the same shall have been kt weighed, of shall omit, negle<fti or refuse to removehe>feme, or cause the same to be removed and properly ftowedaway, m dire^cd try this act, such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, coofign.ee or consigne?s, shall, before any such t pacco* shall be cleared or delivered From or out of suchnwafg j.'house Or warehouses, first pay, into the hands of the proper cwftotn wafehouse keeper, warehouse relit for such tobpet<v*t and kfter the We of ii*pence per week, for each aodewr*hdgrtiead, cask, chett^ or case of fuci tobacco, for the trt*>ct*»t, such tobacco (halt remain.ib any fuqh warehouse or wsreboafes. thkjo!kn(>t xxxvr Provided always, ami be it ensued, Tharil shall edhomtb* not bew.tq separate the (talk of any such 4c^ccq>satin: the leaf of da lc*f thereby on pretchpe that thetatoe.^ dowged of mom e magtdto bacco, hor shall any allowance be impofw tfi+mt

porters, proprietor or/propricroi^r, oi:

vthtjtos?, obacco» Prot 'a pounderaiion.of a^tt>h^qpt, being damaged

ars rcfum to or mean; but iri.case ly, dhe, or they shall ftfufe t jftty^rto hcpaid, CC duties for tli^ famcran^ hall not tbiol proper iq export iick

"* damaged

9^» 1 Arifo ticfefinfo honb Georgi? Iff.' i

or trieantobadeo, which it shall be lawful' to o. projgj ^br wtp&rrifd under thevregulation| of ad within o'w*b<whsfirom'flie time tlti importer or importers, pro tft»'tw 'p'ro^rietors, con fig nee or consignee>, thouv<l or ought kwft* made tib or their entry a aforesaid and" inpackagejs conmmift Itfs Bart seen hundred and fifty pounds weight, prdfitw'tffficers of the custorhs and excile respectively uiali jh tme^foflie; and keep a' distinct account thereof, and the i respective of of the customs and excise (half fe fke farive to be Burnt and destroyed, ?hd (he said relpec t cbwkniffibriers shall fell and, dispose tif the a(hest suifing rriteitv fdr the mofr money that can he gotten for Th e Tame.

xxfxvf. And be it further enacted, ?*l'1iaf, immediatefy Aftertabacc: r fiahb tobaccofh'all have beeit" so weighed'br taken an ac inptbf in directed by this act, the several importers proprie

ib«^ Consignees shall be permitted, 'in (He prefepce of the taken, wluck i finding Waiters bnd exelfewarehouse keepers; or other prp rauft be rer officer or officers of excisetcspectivelyi, belonging tpjuch turned, rebottfo irt whifti such tobacco shall have been so weighed, d taken art accourif bf as ditefted by this act, go draw og take t of'eeeh hojlffield, calk; che(h or case, so weighed and fakcri ' account of, 'a fafnple of such tobacco, 'not exceeding four Hinds' Weight; ir\d the Tame shall bereturned by fucti jm, mere, proprietors, oreanfcneesrespectively, when such bogf tad?<o*(k>; theft, or case of tobacco (half be re weighed, a<j rrrbngto the directions of this act, either for exportation or ir howte'trade, consumpridn, 'or^tnanufifture, andfuchira artet^s, ^proprietors, of consignees respectivety, shall also be trnrimd, in' tike nrann'er, 'to take a re^brid sample, riot exceed ig soul pounds Weight,: if, at the time of taking such fccorid impidj the fitft Tample: (haltbe returned info the hogshead» ask; cheftf Ok case, out ofwhrfh the fatfie Was' taken; and such icood (ample shall in like manner be returned When (uqh hogs ead; cafki theft, btcsfe shall be re weighed, 'according to the irefttorik oft his aft, either for exportation or home trade con amprionvw ntanufacture', ' '*"7',

xxxvfl. And be it further enacted, That aft (nun which Snuff import shall be imported in or on bbard any ship or veltef, into, any of'd ^oe con. he ports first herein before enumerated) and whereof entry has leenrrud* according to thedireftions of this act, shall, at the h^fcs, to be, xpence of the importers, proprietors, or cdfifignees, of such weighed, See. nuffqrespectively, be forthwith (provided the ume shall have een dwiytrtwffed) unshipped, and landed Id the usual. manper,

m.d. <orfdt»sted, under the care of the proper officers of the cu.fr >"*omf^tantmrie or one of the respective warehouse or warehpuf's u t'T 7 b to be'proridedtts directed by this act, 'at such of the port?.., irft hweto before etiumeritbd St Which fbchfnuff mall be iaj, pontd, ihm mrforrhwith depositedpvbdged, ani fkcured in -

fuchtuwetooulbwwareftbcrfijfc'j arid^hrpfo^vlanding waiter jf thelicmbotws hits, upririftke ' respective hbglheads, casks, ., ',

ftteftsy drwe? bf rotjlougftt ui'aforesaid to such

t. warehouse

7u

.. Anno, yjcefitno nono Georgii ^68.

warehouse or warehouses, and within the (anve^ landing marks and numbers to be fct, stamped Pf, each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case such importers, proprietors, or conlignces respediyelf ftac forthwith brinu such fnuflf, or cause the same to b brought C and put into the proper (bales, to be weighed in (h gir house or warehouses; and such landing waiters, together the proper officer or officers of excise belonging to uchmirt house or warehouses, shall forthwith, within such warehouses, weigh or cause to be weighed, and tally aq^opogrt of, all such fnuflf; and such importers, proprietor, qr^cm signees respectively shall also, when and so (bon tasfuch, foi shall have been weighed and taken an accpusjt o ta same, or cause the same to be taken, at their owa txp^respectively, from and out of the Scales in which tyre frqmjfeti have been so weighed, and also remove the latne, or same to be removed and properly (lowed away in f\£h coqyjpini

Eart or parts of such warehouse or warehouses as liich qu(tqpa vag ouse keeper or warehouse keepers dial) in that bchalfcupfc

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, ia^imdhaij (ample may after such fnuflf shall have been so weighed and taken 30* iw» counc of as directed by this act, th several importer, pfopr*

tors, or coqfignces thereof shall be permitted, in the prdenetd the said landing waiters and excise warehouse keeper septate proper officer or officers of excise respectively, bcdongiqgtsfcl warehouse in which such ihudf shaft have been so we; ghodx: taken an account of as directed by this act, to take out«act hogshead, caflc, chest, or case so weighed and rakcq. an acjeyc of, a (ample of such fquff, not exceeding one jp9und and the same shall be returned by such importer, proprietor or consignees respectively, when such hogthead, cask, chest, tr case of muflf shall be re weighed, according lothe directoq*:; this act. t j t,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the lawful to export as merchandise, directly from the or warehouses in which the same shall be depositec

after which

which must be returned.

Tobacco lodged in

warehouses may be exported

direq secured, according to the directions of this act, any tobacco, ly from subject to the rules, regulations, restridipns,pjd mqnfjsi

nn hr t ________»!____>. t ra ^i.____lr___i ______lk'_.

ihti'si4c<ltr herein mentioned; (that is to say) the person qr.per&ias k tim. herein tending to export the same shall give at.least twenty jfoor l^pes Tpcdfied. notice in writing, to the proper custom and epeife waw keepers respectively, belonging to such warehouse Of ynujfrpps in which such tobacco intended to be exported shal^be fccc posited, lodged, and secured, of his, her, or ir>tcnp»t! export such tobacco, and of the number of ppg$ieadviaib| cherts, or cases of such tobacco, so intended tpj 1? cxp^nct,

and also the landing parks apd numbers vvhjfjt,

rtampt, or affixed upon each anil every such hog/hca

chert, or case, according to the drrc&ions of tbisacfjx «qd also, at the time specified in futh notice, or ffjjel

after, at his, her, or their own qfpcnc^ bring au % ^jo^c«

Ipeofirf

17s9.]'annovsceftmo non Georgii ul<jj8. 7*5

tfeetitfied in such notice from the part or place of such ware....

er warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and [k4»wedawfty} and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all tobacco from and out of the hogsheads, ealks, chests, or' rsafes containing the same, and bring the Time, of cause the -aa»e, when' so taken out, to be brought to and put in the proper scalesto be weighed in such warehouse or warehouses; and proper landing waiter and ekbife warehopfe keepers, or other ptwtper officer or officers of excise, shall forthwith, within such mp^tohottfe of Warehouses, weighs or cause "to be weighed, and tatloe«an account of ah such, tobacw i and such person or per fcwasfo intending to export the f*toc shall also, before any such toft&deb (hah be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses for deportation, procure a proper cocquet, and make out two bills for the exportation thereof, and ihdoffc upon such coiqdet and bills respectively, in a fair, distitv3, end legible mgoiicr, tke plantation or manifest mark and number which wekelupon each and every such hogshead, calk, cltest, or case of robacco, at'thd time when the same was tirft imported into Great Britain and atfo thclandingmarks and numbershich wdre set, stamped* nr affixed, according to thedirellions of this a^'tvpon each and every such hogshead, cask, chess, or cafethere of, together with the exalt weight of the tobacco contained in each and evety fuel hogshead, calk,chest, or case at the time of its being landed in Great Britain, and Kkewife endorse upon the same cocquet and b?hs, after weighing the tobacco in the presence of the proper custom landing waiter and excise warehouse keeper, or ofherproperoffileft^or officers of excise, the weight of the tobacco contained in each such particular hogshead, calk, ctfeft* or case at the time of its.being weighed for exportation; and shall deliver such cocquet, and one of such bills To endorsed, to the proper feaitber or featchers of the customs, and the - other of such bills to the proper excise warehouse keeper and notsearchcf or fearrehers of the customs shall authorise the ship ptegof any such tobacco, unless such cocquet and bill shall be so tndorfed and delivered to the proper searcher or searchers of rise customs os herein dirched: and if such person or persons.

intending to export the same shall not, at the time specified in such notice, or within one hour after, bring all such tobacco (Specified hi such notice from the part or place of such warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and (lowed k&ntyl and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all such ^obaicto from and out of the hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases

- containing the same, and bring the same, or cause the same,

- when so taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper 'Teaks tb be weighed, in such warehouse or warehouses, then ^'fnth1tio.tiqe ffiah be void, and the like notice in writing shall be'again given, before any such tobacco shall be weighed or deli - reted odt of fitch warehouse or warehouses for exportation.

"\ xl/and be it further enacted, That such person or persons Bond to be intending to export such tobacco, which shall be delivered given for the 7 '*.\ out allual expor

tation of tobacco taken out of wire

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. [i

opt of the vnrehouse or warehouses in which ttetjwge.i deposited, lodged, or Secured, according to rhe.it

wit of ware actj, fcall ajio, before the same, or any part thi boo fr 8 fort hat r. £jlu i

purpose,

tfvered out of any such warehouseor warchoofcvfiirx vc bond himself, with two other furetles, ofwhk* tec'or other person having or taking the charge of the ftiip or vessel in or on board which such totiat tended to he ported, shall be one such surety IX such master or other person9 to be approved of by (tic Or oilier chief officer of the custpms of such of p herein before enumerated from whence such tobiro jji to be exported), xo his Majesty, his heirs and - shilling prr pound for each and every tobacco (which bond such collector or, hereby authorised and empowered to take, name, and, to his 'majeay's use), that suck i part thereof shall (the dangers of the feastuid^ be really and truly exported as merchandise such ports, or places beyond the (castas ffiafl, such bend, aha that such tobacco shall not I carried to anj other place or country whatevd^nor or put on board"apy other ship, vessel, or (shipwreck or other unavoidable accident landed in any part of Crest Britain, Ireland) the ffe tfk the islands of strjty* Guetnfej % Aldernty, or and shipped out for those places respectively,law, or the islands of Faro or Ferro. the penalty of

XLL. Provided nevertheless?) That the^which not to bond shall not in any case exceed the Turn of and ot^bc Pounds, and that no such bond Hull bie

liable to damp duty whatever "' ____

stamp duty. xlll. And cit further enacted, That njp^fc^ai Nowarehouf delivered out ofapy such warehouse or wayehousei fd tobacco to |jq^ buj from the very same port or place at w

for exporta rca tobacco was originally imported into Great Britd*y\ irv tien, but at the origitul hpglheaul, caflc, chest, or case in which the the place first imported into Great Britain, with the plantation arbif* where orip fest th?tk arn] number which were upon Such hccfiicao, .(& ed and tn°the cor case, at the time when the same was fixft uqfffrftdgfr originilhogf gr«f Britain, and also the land ing marks and nompetf heads, V were set, ftapiped, or affixed, according to the dire^i^y^jfe a, upon men hogshead, cast, or case, without'mkljr. ration whatever bein*i made n such hogshead, case, (except such as fluk be qccafioned bynece"

K. the repairs thereof), and with the whole '. which was originally imported in Aich hogshead;

; j - case, being contained in k such ^ogfjhea^ calk,

; V '; except as herein is providedr xnd except such dams f 1 -/* tobacco as shall have heeq separate ^here from^09!

direiftions of this a, and.affc> such tobacco a^iba tj£fn out forfamjglc* as dir^dled^fbis ad j' "J

aiw vfctsimo nono Georgii III. C

1 lizaybe delivered out of such warehouse and warb: Oration, and be exponed m separate packages __ beads, casks, cherts, or cases in wtych the same

imported, provided the same are so respectively (fcrbtf exported with such respectivehogrtieaas, casks

ffs, ljr c^bsjdf tobacco irt Which the same were so respectively

727

__ Provided alto, and tie; 'Tt further enacted, That if that After separa imagdd meart tobacco; fn any of thehogffieajds, "calks, tien efts; ^icattfs which shall bi ft separated, and which the; "h, i^rref importers, prbpndfbf1 br proprietors, consignee or remainder i wicgoees'thirreof respectivety, (ham refuse to pay the duties di the hogshead dred'by vms act, (halt be so great in quantity, that the residue shall be under f thh irripaccq m any of fudh nogfheads, calkv cherts, or cases, ijflt hecunder the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds', then in thepre*id ltich baste it (hair and may he lawful to and for such unfence of tb 'inij*j>rtersj proprietor or proprietors, consignee or con officers of the

jn ttte "j>refence of the proper landing walrers of the cuf (inv alid the proper officer or officers of excist, to cause all exportation, ichvelldue'of such tobacco to bd repacked and put together; See. i the' Warehodfe or wafelioufes'm which the fapi* shall be so e^isited; lodged, andfecured as directed by this act, 'into one r mbte af thb fariie hogffieads, ca^i1 Cherts, br 'cases, out of liest futli damaged Or mean totwctortial 1 he taken; and all and my 'suchs bogtheadycarfks, cherts, or cases of tobacco fore acked' shall and frisfybe delivjrfed out "of such warehouse or <ardu>uses for exportation add exported, 1 provided the quar&liy fthefo)tocco loiepacked Jh cich suchhogfheati, cask, 'chef^'or ale, shall ^rnbunt tb foot ftpndred and 'twenty-five pounds refghf of fifcii, and he plantatfdrt dr manifest mark ind num > w^uch were upon such hogfhcad/cask, chert, o case at tyre me Wnbh th same Was imported into Great Britain,anc lib marks and numbers respectively, Which' were

affixed, according to the directions of this art, po^cn^togfhead, calk, cheftj or case, when the same was first ihseiflw Great Britain, shall be thereon at the time when the itbptwfl fie delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses for fobftadbri, '^ind at the time or the exportation thereof > any ifrikwtftlf iacontained to the contrary notwithstartdinb.

'xtiv^ahd be it further enacted, That such rdbacco intended Tobaccb ln gnd may from time to time' (the same hay tended far hjjfcth tfflfy entered with the collector of the custsuw outwards) e delivered fa exportation from and out of furti Warehouse or jirered upon artffibufbs irr Which the same shall be so deppsited; lodged, and productug to fcdfraj upon the person or persons intending to'export such|hpware ..: so^'°fwperron'or persons on his, her, dr^ifieifbehalf, rdmctogro theourrtom and excue warehouse keepers respep the requisite vj^yj 'to' fucti wafehowe pr warihousei; a certificati bonds being

t^tfe$°b]plhb'vc)n^ befdd beifbrt df^ebled bfing duly ea entered into, risr iftvo fdr Ab 'txpori&qphti tdbaich, irnd alfo1 pro )c

d^g!jft4il£* mjmner, Sf she^wt: coto intended to be exported'

7 be

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C [tfi

be tobacco of the growth, produfkbn, or maiiufaitortoful: plantations or dominions of or Portugal a certidcafe C certificates, under the respective hands of the proper com of the customs and excise respectively, of the doty by tliu5 imposed'for or in respect thereof being fully paid; anil opr? such delivery of any such tobacco for exportation, the same frai! be forthwith carried and conveyed, at the expense of such cer son or persons, by such person or persons as shall be authored, according to an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for regulating tie prmgz*of manifejls, and for more cffc finally preventing fraudulent pro8has

' obtaining bounties and drawbacks; and in the dandcjfint rclsn&i

goods), by licence under the hands of the commissionets of the customs for the time being, or any three or more of than, a carry or^>ut on board ships and vessels, for exportation to ft! reign parts, goods entitled to drawback, bounty or prerakr, according to the directions of the said act; and the same dull I also be attended by the proper officer or officers of the culler on board such ship or vessel in which the same shall beintcs&i to be exported.

If tobacco, so

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any such token, fl^adbccon a^fcr l*lc delivery thereof from any such warehouse dr ware! celied, or not houses as aforesaid for exportation, shall, before theftippn; shipt in 14 thereof, be lodged or deposited in any warehouse or Other pha hour, C so as to be concealed, from public view or mfpe&ion, or (hi" feited* iftlth nm ^pped whin thd space of twenty-four hours after fcch the calks. delivery thereof, or if the hogshead, cask, chest, or tsky which such tobacco was contained at the time of such delivery, shall be wilfully opened, or any part of such tobacco tikr thereout, after such delivery thereof, and before its arrin!: the place for which five same shall be entered for exportation then, and in each and every such case, all such tobacco, and hogsheads, calks, chests, and cases respectively containing lame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be sated by ary officer or officers of the customs or excise.

If tobacco,

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any rotate?, romtion* be c't*lcr wanufaaured or unmanufactured, after the same ft!' unshipped have been shipped for exportation in or on board any (hiper

within four vessel, in pursuance and according to the directions of this ai leagues of the shall be unshipped for any purpose whatever, either within the?' limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues'of the kingdom, itc coa thereof, or shall be relanded in this lingdom out bf a be for from such ship or vessel (unless in case of necessary ordiftfds, t fkited, with save the ship and goods from perishing, which shall be imnrf* the vessel, C arcjy maje fcnown lo the principal officers of the custojn$*rf£ ing at the port nearest to which such ship or vessel fti^n be tf M the time such necessity or distress shall arise), then not <^blyfed

tobacco so unshipped, together with the hogsheads casts, ctafo cases, or othefr packages respectivcty, containing bot

also the ihlp Or vessel in or on board which the same fhaltbe b thipped, together with her guns, furniture, amiiliihition, tacfe

ad

.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$. fig

id apparel, and also the ship, vef&i, or boat into which such'

bacco (jull be unshipped, or put after such unshipping thereof,

gether with her euns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and ap,

rel, (half tit forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

Beer or officers of the customs or excise.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, either No tobacco to lanufactured or unmanufactureed, shall be entered or shipped be exportedm r exportation to any parts beyond the seas (Ireland excepted), of less i any ship or vessel whatever, unless such ship or vessel shall be ex^p\°to°ircf.

F the burden of seventy tonnes or upwards; and if any officer land; and if r officers of the customs or excise shall apprehend, or have rea they are Turin to believe, that any such ship or vessel bound to foreign utobe irts, and having tobacco onboard her, shall not bees the burr bedeumecuo tert of seventy tonnes or upwards, it shall and may be lawful for be measured, ich officer or officers to flop and detain such ship or vessel, and etc. ie whole jeargd laden on board her of tobacco and all other bods, until he or they shall cause such ship or vessel to be al leasured, according to the rules for admeasurement prefer!bed y an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further inertafe and eneou igement of hipping and navigation); and if it shall appear by such imeasurement that any such ship or vessel is of the burden of rventy tonnes or upwards, the officer or officers so flopping or etaimng her and her cargo, shall not be subject or liable to any lion for damages occasioned by such stoppage and detension; nd if the masteror other person having or taking the charge or ommand of any ship or vessel outward bound to foreign parts friland excepted), having tobacco in or on board her, shall enter mjf clear out such ship or vessel at the customhouse, as of the lurthen of seventy tonnes or upwards, and such ship or vessel shall iot be of so great burden as seventy tonnes, according to the rule or admeasurement prescribed by the said act, such master or there person shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. or ev^rv such offence.

xlvm. And be it further enacted, That it any person or persons cras*' lersons whatever shall erase, cut out, burn out, blot out, or in marks nywife whatever alter, change, of deface apy mark or pumber, f^s^ool!0

marks or numbers, which was or were burnt in, kcut in, or

it upon any hogshead, caflc, chest or case whatever of tobbaco ..: n his said msgefty's colonies, plantations, iflaness, of territories 1

rt America, or in the united dates of America or any of the '

anding marks or numbers which shall be fer, stamped, or af

thereon, according to the directions of this act, he, she, or bdy (p offending' (l]a)l, for each and every such offence, forfeit ihe (urn of one hundred[pounds.

xllx/and be it further enacted, That thebonds herein Regulations i>efore to be^iven.shall be discharged in manner herein

benf^hetf; (that is to say), for such unmanufactureed tobacco '^ten^r is fltil! be entered for 'exportation id, the kingdom of Ireland, portarion of*or the triands ist&uernfey, ferfey % Alderney, or Sark, upon the tobicco.: y' ^rodudlion f certificate to the collector, or other chief dfficer

739

Bond for exporting tobacco to Ireland, not to he forfeited, if the quantity certified to be landed, it not deficient more than alb. in the aoo.

From 0 A. so, s7*9* no tobacco to be caponed to Jtnty* etc

Anno vicesimo nono geo&gu 1h. C. 17

of the customs who took such bond within fig, jaaoptha im the date of such bond, testifying the landing, of suchaobaot there; upon the like production of a like certificate, nitte twelve months, for such tobacco as shall be so catered iprm other port or place in Europe (other than the Ifie of Mm and the islands of Far or Ferr9) % or any port or place in 4^ 0 Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar; upon the like pnfeec tien of a like certificate, within eighteen months, for inch bacco a6 shall be so entered for any of his majesty's coioaies, plantations, islands, or territories in America or Africa or tie united dates of America \ and upon the like production of alike certificate, within twenty-four months, for such tobaccoas tiau be so entered for any port or place at or beyond the Cape qfqod Hope and such certificates respectively, for such tobacco shall be so entered for, and landed in, any port or place where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall be rdueoi, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majsfip customs there; and if no officer of his Majesty's customs Ad be resident in such port or place where such tobacco daam h so entered for and landed, such certificate shall be figpedtoy fie British consul, or other person acting as such, there; audit no officer of his majesty's customs or British consul, or oticr person acting as such, shall be resident at such port or b.c. where such tobacco shall be so entered for and landed, such certificate shall be under the common seal of the chief magjifoi: of such port or place, or under the bands and (eals of two knot: British merchants then being at such port or place whe? such tobacco dull be so landed; or such bond or bonds Go be discharged, upon proof, in any or either of the said case, that such tobacco was taken by enemies, or perished in flat fe or was destroyed by fire; the examination and proof there being left to the judgement of the commissioners of the cuaosb in England or Scotland for the time being, respectively.

L Provided always, That no such bond shall, be forfeited w or by reafim of any such certificate not testifying the bndm; the whole quantity of tobacco mentioned in any such bond the port or place of importation in Ireland expressed in fife bond, if the quantity testified to be so landed shall not be deficient more than two pounds in every one hundred powfe weight of tobacco mentioned in such bond.

LI. And whereas it is expedient that tobacco Should not if expend fresh Great Britain to the tjknds of Jersey, Guernsey* Aldenxi, and Sark, or any or either of them, or the Isle of Many xemtejofa mitted by licence wider the hands of three or mere of the caemmtfitmr of his Majesty's customs in England for the time being, and t£e$jw permiffwn Should be limited to certain quantities, to be foepartod father annually \ be U therefore further enacted by the aothori? aforesak). That, from and after the said tenth y of Oflakaew thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, it shall not be feofil to export, or to enter for exportation, from Creep Britain Hi said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sari, of nmf a

Amib vicelnt^nono gfcortjirin.731

feflp^rficftr, afr'tfethrf/k'of Many tinder the'penactedf the ^thout the nfeitdlt ihenedfv to be straed by any officer or officers of tfce, c*nccof the "^if^xetfey ny fibacco, unief* permission be first eteen ers^of the" !ljwrtif>bfe by the tdtfimissioners of his Majesty's cbstoms customs. Jaml wt the time being:, or any three or more of therb,

Acer tinder thetr hands; and the said commissioners, or rftffcre* pr mdte of them, are hereby authorised and required, ^i^ffiiejltion to them in writirr^fbrt hat purpose, to grant thdr nc from time to time, under ffietr hands (such itcence^to force'thirty days from the date thereps, 'and io tftep); bonify of fits mrfjeflyvtuhjedr, to exportfnbm any of fcwferfr Numerated pdrtsnr England, in britishuhhft

and re|iflered according to law, add nofbf flpwdmiei^thao fiventy tonnes (the tortnag^to'fce ascertained In bjr this&), to the' fi^wands offer an&sark, and thb m^/afj»respe6h^eiy, tobacco,either manufactured or tmmanufac flwf9w°dcceeding in' tf»e whold, in any one year, to ttidfe ftlwb hff^fflirdy, thefejtowrn^ quantities; (thdt is to by) to Quantities idt tttilftfidfjerftfj an quantity not exceeding forty thbbfartd that ay^tkiftdi'^thi^ to the island of Guernsey, any quantity rtot ex with

fewfatyg tblnfy five thousand pounds weight; to the Island of such licence, t^iahtfty not exceeding fire thousand pounds 'td!the fflahd of TSHM', any quantity not exceeding one bbwfcfld pdbncft height; afttf to the isle tf Man, any Quantity iw'fofcwdtng1 forty fooufartd'pdund* weight.

', fcif.da'hd1be i^fbrfher eiiaftetf, That all and every the im Warehoused Wjfrti*, W importers, proprietor or proprietors, ednfignee or con. tobacco to be ightfk<bftobacco, "wh i ch shall be deposited, lodged or secured itmonthv o ftiy tuer ^afohoufif'or warehouses so^o be provwed ac

td'ltlfo^ireflieris of this act, shall/within twenty four rhcftfflsyte'bf'fcotriputeil from the day on which the!importer ar importei % i prbprretsr dr proyirietors, cortfignee dr fonfignees crffftbb'tobacco shall'ot ought to have made hys', her, or their \

rffty^tlforeolm writing, according to thedlrtftlbntf'of this act, cfeshrilphkfc froth fembtft'bf<foclf wanthdofe o warehobfeg re^xssitfel^i % fther for ejtpdkijifodi'fastco^distg tb thd" dlrefts, 11'-

kwtin bffore obrtfattiett, ^tybrh&iifi trade, cahfumptlori, t' et>tmnd(adhite, ath such tdbacco; and that tl! ind'rwr^ ifn and ware' porter or importers; 'prbprfftdr* bf'proprietors^eddsigned or boufed snuff cdfibgnvfejwhich "fftiir be dfpofitw j Obliged or lec tired Q one moauj. iflsayfcoh wirehouse Or Warehotifo; ttralf, wmsitf end mtfhttl, td$$4!mnptrted frofo the dav orf 'frhlch" the' itnpdrter of impdr "*

ltfrs^4^|mpri*tdr ^bt, 'pft)(3riet(3?s, '.co'ntrgnce Or fonfignees of Tbch trtighnb havf foiidd Ks, 'Herylor thiir'entry thkiie ofj ibcording^a the' directions't>f thrs aft, clear and

talwtltaid^wt of such wdfehtiiile* or warehdufes re ipsmf+wfofeh*'fomef'; '>ahl'<}ttt ^»hfcnt1»tty importeror im wegtifatro«s* pdmbrlf ptdprfclbr or pi % p»tetoss, 'tfofirfign*e kif «mfigbee* bf Ob'taking* '* inf\$biet % vdfporwdrio^fedv Of'foctrred in any such

wtthoue.wfiwardltotlfotv^'^t^ to cleat or take from or boate con^ai Vot. XXXVI Cce out

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. fc - £i7*9

fumption, out of any such warehouse or warehouses, any tobacco for born

tobacco and trade, consumption, or manufacture, or any (huff, dor

DU they shall give at lead twenty-four hours notice in writing to

the cudom and excise warehouse keepers respectively belonging to such warehouse or warehouses respectively, of his her, or their intention so to do, and of the particular hogsheads, calks, chcds, or cases of such tobacco and snuff respectively to intended to be cleared or taken out, and also the landing marks or numbers which were set, damped, or affixed upon eadi and every such hogshead, calk, ched, or case 6f tobacco and snuff respectively, according to the directions of this act; and shall also, at the time specified in such notice or within one hour after, at his, her, or their own expense, bring au such tobacco and snuff respectively specified in such notice fro the parts or places of such warehouse or warehouses in whkh the same shall be deposited and dowed away, and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all such tobacco from and out of the hogsheads, calks, chcds, cr cases containing the same, aid bring the same, or cause the same, when so taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper feales, to be weighed is such warehouse or warehouses, and shall also, in like maa ner, bring all such snuff, or cause the same to be brought to and put into the proper feales to be weighed; and the proper cudom landing waiter or landing waiters, and proper officer or officers of excise respectively, belonging to such warehouse or warehouses, shall forthwith, within such warehouse or wase houses, weigh, or cause to be weighed, and take an account of, each and every such hogshead, calk, ched, or case of tobacco, and also of all such snuff j and all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall thereupon forthwith pay down in ready money into the hands of the proper collectors of the cudopas and excise respectively, the said several duties of cudocns and excise by this act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco and (huff relatively $ and such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall also, before any fudi tobacco or snuff shall be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, procure from the collector and other chief officers of the customs, a certificate of the payment of the cudom duties by this act imposed for or 'ifl respect of such tobacco or snuff, and shall also procure from ike collector of excise a certificate of the payment of the excise duties by this act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco or snuff, and shall also endorse upon such certificates respectively, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, the plantation or manifest mark and number, which were upon each and evetyfech hogshead, calk, ched, or case of tobacco or snuff, at the time when the same was fird imported intq, Great Britain, and also the landing marks and numbers which were set, stamped, or affixed, according to the directions of this act, upon eadi and every such hogshead, calk, ched, or case thereof, together with

1789-! Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 723

the exact weight of the tobacco or snuff contained in each and wery such hogshead, talk, chest, or case, at the time of its being landed in Great Britain, and likewise the weight of; the tobacco or snuff contained in each such particular hogshead, cask, chest > case, at the time of its being weighed for home trade, consumption, or manufacture; and shall deliver tq the custom warehouse keeper such certificate so procured from the collector and other chief officers of the customs, and endorsed as herein di rcc1ed, and shall also deliver to the proper excise warehouse keeper such certificate so procured from the collector of excise, and endorsed a aforesaid; upon such certificates being so endorsed and delivered as aforesaid, the said custom and excise 'warehouse keepers shall deliver out of such warehouse or ware houses for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, such tobacco and snuff specined in such certificates and indorsements, and the proper officer of excise shall thereupon give to such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, a permit or permits for the removal thereof from such warehouse or warehouses, to the entered premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or snuff, to whom such tobacco and snuff respectively are 'intended to be removed; and no such tobacco or snuff shall be delivered out of any such warehouse, unless such certificates, so endorsed as aforesaid, shall be previously procured and delivered as aforesaid; and if any such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall not, at the time i^crified in such notice, or within one hour after, bring such tobacco and snuff respectively specified in such notice, from the part or place of such warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall be so deposited and (towed away, and also forthwith take or fcause to be taken all such tobacco from and out of the hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases containing the same, and bring or cause to be brought such tobacco dr snuff to and put into the proper feales to be weighed, according to the directions of this act, then such notice shall be void and of none effect; and the like notice in writing shall be again given, before any such tobacco or snuff respectively shall be weighed or delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Sixpence per proprietor or proprietors of such unmanufactured tobacco shall hogstead per pay warehouse relit after the rate of sixpence per week for each pa so° C and every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of such tobacco as shall warehouse remain in such warehouse or warehouses after the expiration of room of to eighteen months, to be computed from the day on which the bacco, after wnporter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or of 8xmonvh» consignees of such tobacco shall or*ought to have made his of from entry, their entry thereof as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the proper custom In weighing landing waiter and landing waiters, and proper officer or officers tobacco and Of excise, shall, in the weighing and taking account of all tobadco p ho mead and snuff respectively, in such warehouse or warehouses sir to be so be allowed

C C C 2 provided

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. [\ jfy

for the turn provided as aforesaid, and by this act directed to be wotted of the fealc. ancj taken an account of therein, give the turn of the ft?]?«favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof shall allow the importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof two pounds weight avoir, dupoife upon each and every hogshead, calk, chest, or case of such tobacco and snuff, respectively so weighed and taken as account of.

If tobacco be

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any importer or ia not taken porters, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of warehouse in any to^acco which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any 94 months warehouse or warehouses to be provided according to the & and the duties regions of this act, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to ciear or take paid, and any tobacco from or out of any such warehouse or warehouses month" it" C w*ch, hc ^amc deposited, lodged, or secured as heron

may be sold directed, within twenty-four months, to be computed from the Ibr payment day oh which the importer or importers, proprietor or proof the duties; prietors, consignee or consignees of such tobacco shall or ought to have made his, her, or their entries thereof in writing according to the directions of this actor shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay or clear off any of the duties by this act imposed or payable lor or in respect of such tobacco according to the diredhooi of this actor within such twenty-four months; or if assy importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, ot apy snuff which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any warehouse or warehouses so to be provided according to the directions of this act, shall omit, neglectj or nftdc to clear or take any such snuff from or out of any such wacehouse or warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured as herein directed, within one month, to be competed from the day on which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such snuff shall or ought to have made his, her, or their entries thereof in writing according to the directions of this actor shall omit, negledi, or refafe to pay or dear off any of the duties by this act imposed or payable for or in respect of such snuff according to the directions of this actor within such one month, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and to and fer the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, for the time being, .* any three or more of them, and to and for the said commissionei* of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them respectively for the time being, to cause all such tobaeca and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads, calks, chefe, and cases respectively containing the same, to be publicity tpjd to the belt bidder, at such places as the said respective comquf* sioners of the customs or excise, as the case may re^uu^at# think proper, for and towards satisfying the said dqtfes by ifife act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco, upon sea being delivered for home trade, consumption, or out of the warehouse or warehouses ip which the la been so deposited, lodged, and secured, orfor or, jh refaefr tf

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 7^5

suck snuff, upon the same being delivered out of the warehouse or warehouses in which such snuff hall have been so deposited, lodged and secured, together with all reasonable costs, charges, and expenses of the keeping and file of such tobacco and snuff respectively; and if the money arising from the sale thereof shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said duties together with such costs, charges, apd expenses, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in case the said respective of of the customs, of any four or more of them, in England, or three or more of them in Scotland, shall cause such tobacco or snuff to be sold) shall pay over to 'the said respective commissioners of excise, so much of such excess or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise duties by this act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco and snuff respectively, upon the delivery of such

and snuff respectively for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the lame respectively shall be deposited, lodged, and secured; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such tobacco or snuff to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs, so much of such excels or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the custom duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of such tobacco and snuff respectively, upon the delivery thereof, for home trade, consumption, or manufacture out of thesrvarehouse or warehousesin which the same respectively ihah be deposited, lodged, and secured and the overplus, any'be, shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such tobacco and snuff respectively, or other person or persons authorised to receive the fames and if in case, upon such tobacco or (huff being put up andifnomore or offered to sale, no person or persons shall offer or bid for the than th^du'd same more money than the said duties taken together would amount unto, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful bacco or snuff'and for such of respectively to cause the same reit may be spectively to be burnt or destroyed, and to sell and dispose of the burnt*and the ashes arising therefrom for the most money that can be gotten sod for the same.

T*VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the im If tobacco or porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or snuff be not consignees, of tobacco and snuff respectively, which shall be |^c^jronl weighed and taken an account of respectively, according to the househifx4 directions of this act, either for exportation or for home trade, days after consumption, or manufacture, shall, within fourteen days after bjeingweighed such weighing of such tobacco and snuff respectively, clear and jr take away all such tobacco and snuff respectively from and out consumption, of such warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have 6d. per week been so weighed; and if any such importer or importers, proto be pa; d for prictor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of any tobaccoach or (huff respectively, shall suffer any such tobacco or snuff recaa* spectwdy to be pr remain in any such warehouse or warehouses

C C C 3 more

73c

No persons to he employed by importers, cof tobacco or snuff, in the king's warehouses, hut such as are licensed by the coramif fionera of the ^uftpms.

tokicco or V m'ti laved rim any v.vrcii to be io»sjj*d in the luarcft cuf

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [1789.

more than fourteen days after such weighing of such tobacco or snuff respectively, he, she, or they shall, over and betides the duties by this ast imposed for or in respect of such tobacco or snuff iefpec\ively, pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper custoo warehouse keeper belonging to such warehouse, at and after the rate of sixpence per week for each and every such hogshead, cask, chest, or case of such tobacco and snuff respectively, for the time during which any such tobacco and snuff respectitdy shall remain in such warehouse or warehouse after the expffi tien of such fourteen days, and in default of such payment no such tobacco or snuff shall be delivered from or out of such warehouse or warehouses to such importer or importers, pro prietor or proprietors, consignee or consignces, but the same shall be.fold and disposed of, and the money anting from such sale thereof be applied in manner as is herein directed for and in respect of tobacco and snuff which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignces, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take from and out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, or secured, within the times respe&ivdy herein before in that behalf prelcfibed and directed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no person or personsi Whatever shall be employed by any importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of any tobacco or snuff, deposited, lodged, or secured ia any such warehouse or warehouses, nor shall any such person or persons do or perform any a, matter, or thing, in or about the taking any such tobacco or snuff from pr out of any hogshead, cask, chest, or case, containing the same, or in or about the separating any damaged or mean tobacco from the residue of such tobacco, or bringing such tobacco or snuff, or causing the same to be brought to or put into the proper feales to be weighed, or removing or flowing the same away in such warehouse or warehouses, or removing the same from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, upon the delivery thereof from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, unless fadi person or persons shall be previously duly licensed for that par pose. by the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, or the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them; and such of of the customs in England and Scotland respectively are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such licences, and to take such proper bond or other Security as, they shall respectively deem necessary, for the faithful and upright condudf, in every respect, of such person or perfeas. and the servants by him or them from time to time employed in the behalf aforesaid, in such warehouse or warehouses.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any tebacta or snuff shall be saved from any ship or vessel, being wreck, or being stranded, or in distress on the coast of this kingdom, act such tobacco shall be forthwith deposited, lodged, and secured in the customhouse warehouse nearest: to the plate tfhert tl|c

same

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 737

ameftull be found, and shall betubjed and liable to all and tom house every the rules, conditions, regulations, restrictions, penalties warehouse' and forfeitures in this act mentioned and contained.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every manu manufacture fadurer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, tobacco ers nd dc or snuff shall, three days at the lead before be, (he, or they shall ^ntry three begin to manufacture or sell any tobacco, tobacco dalks, Spanish, days previous tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk to their manu fiour, or snuff, make true and particular entry in writing of all hiring or houses, warehouses, workhouses, (bops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them respectively intended to snuff, of their be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling tobacco, warehouses, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, p onpenalty snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, at the office of excise fors^jireof within the compass or limits whereof such respective houses, tobacco, kc warehouses, workhouses, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and, other places respectively, shall be situate, on pain of forfeiting; -

the sum of two hundred pounds for every house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, which he,

(he, or they shall make use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, without having made such entry thereof as aforesaid, together with the tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish y tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, respectively, which shall at any time be found therein, and also all the jeasses, vessels, and packages whatsoever, containing the same; and ah such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, snuff, caflcs, vessels, and packages, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any entry shall Where entry be made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or jjl dealers in, tobacco or snuff, of any house, warehouse, workhouse, et^for ma (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, for the manufacturing, nufaduring keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco or selling to ftaiks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or frniff, no other entry shall be made by any other manufacturer o^her^n'tiy or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff to be made of (not being in partnership with such manufacturer or manufac anyplace turers, or dealer or dealers, making such first entry) of the same, under the or<of any other house, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place !amc ro # whatsoever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco, (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, under the same roof, or within the same house or tenement, in which such first entry shall then be existing; but every such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, making such further entry of the (un^frh^use, or of any other such (hop, room, cellar, vault, or oth^ place, under the same roof, or within the same house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him,

C C C 4 her

t

738 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 64c. £17

her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be ajnmdbdtatv or msvhiia&urers of, or dealer or dealers In, tobacco m fcioff without entry, and subject to the like penafoes and forfoituscs as mannfacturers of and dealers in tobacco or snuff without entry are subject onto by virtue of this adh No entry of

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no person or perfaot any place for whatsoever, retiding within the limits of the chief office of euife ing tobacco] n London shall manufacture any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spmish* etc. or snuff, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk within the flour, or snuff, unless such person or persons shall occupy a limit of the tenement or tenements of the yearly relit of ten pounds or tip in London Cto war an fr which he, she, or they shall accordingly be afc be valid, un fefied in his, her, or their own name or names, and shall a left made by pay to the pafiih rates; and that no person or persons whatfcv an occupier ever, redding in sny other part of the' kingdom oif Great Britm* rf lol^ywriv where there are rates to church and poor, shall epenufacture any relit, nor ia Y tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk any other flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, unless such per place, unless son or persons respectively shall be assessed and pay to chwefa ture^pamo" ask pr n parishes and places in which such per

the church or persons shall re/jpedively reside; and that no entry of

and poor any house, wasehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or j rates. other place for the manufa£hiring tobacco, tobacco (talks,

Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk dour, (huff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons so making faefe entry Audi be qualified as aforesaid; and every person manufacturing tobacco, tobacco (talk, Spmish* tabacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, fnuflf. work, tobacco ftaft flour, or snuff, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, ootwiefc handing any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a person manufacturing tobacco or snuff without entry, within the meaning of this ah Manufactur

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every asm cr§ and deal fasturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, fohaoea the word or all cause to C Panted or written, in large legible herein men characters, over the outer door, or in the front, or on tome con tioned paint fpicuous part of each and every house, warehouso, workhouse, ed oo their (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, by him, her, or them penalty of respectively made use of for the manufa^irhig, keeping, or

501.. 1 selling tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, the words, manufacturer of and Dealer in Tobeuca and 8ntff, or Taboo at Snnff* or Manufacturer of or Dealer in Tobsuo and ff? or fa bacco, or Snuff as the case may require, on pain of forflmsflgfcr every such house, ware house, workhouse, (hop, room cellar, vault, or other place which shall be so made use of by any feck manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, whhaat having the said words painted or written as is hereby directed, the (uni of fifty pounds, and it any juxiii. And be it further enacted, That if taj person at L futl Wh0 - perfqm

9.3' Anno vicesimo oiwroboroiiill. c. 68. 739

oon Whatsoever, other than such a £hajl have, duly nude en ha not nude a the proper office of excise of each and every, house, ware en?ry (bull C uvorkhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, and other place, word on hi turn, her, or them respectively made use of for the manufac house, he ng, keeping, or selling of tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spenish, shall forfeit icco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk tool 'tp ir, and snuff, or one of them, shall paint or write, or cause oe painted or written, over the outer door, or in the front, on any part of any house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, m, cellar, vault, or place to him, her, or them belonging,

: fakl words, or any of them, all and every such person oc Tone respectively offending therein shall, for each and every h offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be subject to the fevecal penalties and forfeitures to which Tonnes manufacturing of or dealing in tobacco and snuff, or her of them, without entry, are subjected to by virtue of this t.

lfxiv. And be it further enacted, That no person or per Person mi. ns whatsoever shall manufacture, or cause or procure to be nufaduring annfactured, out of the limit of the chief office of excise in tndatt, any tobacco, tobacco (hdks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for any place out bacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, in of the limit ty place or places whatsoever, other than and except cities and °lthe cj "ef it fuburha thereof, and market towns, and also except such ^cfn°loii ace and places respectively as shall be more than five miles don, except istant from any part of the seacoast of Great, unlelii in cities, etc,

ich place or pdaccs shall he*city or suburbs thereof, or a to forfeit sol. lafhtt town within three miles of ibme port into which to acco may be imported under this adfc, and in which the manu ldture of tobacco or snuff shall be carried on at the time of affine this act; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall nanwadture, or cause or procure to be manufactured, out of he limits of the chief office of excise in London, any tobacco, obacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, nuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or (huff, in any place or places rhatsoever, other than and except cities send the suburbs there sand market towns, and also except such place and places re pcdbvely as shall be more than five miles d istant from any part f the seacoast of Great Britain, the person or persons to of ending shall feverxllg and respectively, for each and every such jfifence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXV. Provided always, That no manufacturer or manu but not to iadturera of tobacco or fnuft^ duly licensed according to the di extend to _ regions of this act, shall incur or be liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds for or by reason of his, her, or their manufacture u/ufedpriar ing, arcaufing or prbenring to be manufactured, any tobacco, to July 5, tobacco ftaucs, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, 1789. tobacco stalk flour, ur snuff at any tobacco or snuff manufactory, whereof due entry shall be made at the office of excise, according to the directions of this act, and which shall have been used as a tobacco or snuff manufactory respectively at any time on or before the fifth day of July one ttyoqfand seven hundred ancj


74<. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. €9. [1785.

eighty nine; anything herein before contained to thecootraq thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

1789 an ac

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every count on oath nufadturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, to of the stock bacco or snuff shall, on or before the thirtieth day of September of tobacco, northeast thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, deliver or ode hw ed at the to delivered, apon oath, according to the best of his, her, or excise office their knowledge and belief, at the office of excise within the of the distria, com pass or limits whereof his, her, or their respective hooks, oopenaltyof warehouses, workhouses, (hops, rooms, cellars,vaults, sof forfeiture, other places by him, her, or them, made use of for the maos fadhiring, keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spent, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, fnuflf work, tobacco thk flour, or snuff, respectively, shall be situate, a just, true, ad particular account in writing of the weight of the sevendqoo* titles of tobacco, tobacco (talks, Sponifa tobacco stalk flour, and snuff respectively, which shall, on the said thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, be m his, her, or their custody or possession, specifying in such ae* count how much thereof is unmanufactured tobacco, bm much thereof Short cut tobacco, how much thereof (hag tobacco, how much thereof roll tobacco completely manufactured, boo much thereof carrot tobacco completely manufactured, boa much thereof tobacco (talks, how much thereof Spmnfc hoe much thereof returns of tobacco, how much thereof tobacco (talk flour, how much thereof British rappee snuff, how mad thereof Scotch snuff, how much thereof brown Sutcb (naff, and how much thereof foreign snuff, on pain of forint ing, for every neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered fodi account, all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjk, tobacco flak flour, and snuff respectively, whereof no such account fhatt k so delivered, together with the hogsheads, calks, and packed respectively, containing the same respectively; and such tobacco, tobacco (talks, span\jb % tobacco stalk flour, snuff, hogfhca&, casks, and packages respective]y, shall and may be seized by aey officer or officers of excise. and also of

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every an tfcjs, antitic§ nu^urer an(l manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall, oner rtc^wh«i0put before the kid thirtieth day of September one thousand fcvra in operation, hundred and eighty nine, deliver or cause to be delivered upon on like pe oath, according to the best of his, her, and their knowledge mi hf* belief, at the office of excise within the compass or Units

whereof his, her, or their respective houses, warehouses, workhouses, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places respectively by him, her, or them made use offer the manuf^tarag or keeping tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff work, in operation, shall be situate, a just, true, and particular account in ertmof of the weight of the several quantities of tobacco when path operation (or Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, m.d. carrot tobacco, respectively; of the weight of the several quantfeo of tobacco stalks, when put in operation for Spanijbund tobacco (talk flour respectively; nd of the weight of the several qu»n.

'89o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

74i

ies of tobafeco, tobacco ftfclks, and returns of tobacco when it in operation for british rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, and brown rtib (huff, respectively, which shall on the said thirtieth day sipumbtr qnt thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, be in s, her, or their custody or possession; and in such account all specify the number of his, her, or their rolls and carrots'tobacco respectively, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect refusal to deliver or cause to be delivered such account, all the bacco, tobacco (talks, and snuff work respectively in opera an in his, her, or their custody or possession, and whereof no ch account shall be delivered, together with the hogftieads, i(ks, and packages whatsoever, containing the same respectely; and such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and snuff work, hogs sads, calks, and packages respectively, shall and may be seized f any officer or officers of excise.

LX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tobac Tobacco, etc,) stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff found on ork, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, which shall, on the said lirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty following, in ine, or within ten days then next following, be found in the the possession jstody or possession or any manufacturer or manufacturers of, of any manu r dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, and for or in respect ^iu7for thereof he, she, or they shall not have sufficient credit On the which'he ha jftom house books, or in default thereof shall not make suffi not credit on ent proof, to the satisfaction of the said respective of the custom f excise, that he, she, or they bought the same in the fair way f trade, from some person or persons who was or were openly C ctc^ a*nown and reputed to be a regular dealer or regular dealers in

)bacco or snuff, together with the hogsheads, cades, and pack ges whatsoever, containing such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish

>bacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk our, and snuff respectively, shall be forfeited; and such tobacco,

Aacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff rork, tobacco stalk flour, snuff, hogftieads, calks, and packages: spectively, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of le customs or excise.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every manu Entry to be acturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall, three days at make at Ae raft before he, she, or they shall begin to manufacture any to cof the acco, tobacco stalks, Spanish tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk distriftofall burr, (huff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, make true and mills, etc. 3 articular entry in writing, at the office of excise withip the day previous ompafs or limits whereof he, she, or they shall have, keep, or onupenaltycof, ife any mill, press, engine, roller, stove, muller, or spinning 50i; forcacb. rbed, for the performing any process, operation, matter, or hing whatsoever, in or about the manufacturing tobacco, to racco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff vork, tobacco stalk flour, or fquff, of each and every such mill,

refs, engine, roller, stove, muller or spinning wheel, for the performing any process. matter or thing, in or about he manufacturing of tobaoto, tobacco stalks Spanijbtobacco

I stalks

74*

Manufacturers of tobacco or fnnff, or dealers therein, to take oat licences, which are to be granted as herein spe cifiecl

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c*68»

stalks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco folk floats snuff, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds far era such mil), press, engine, roller, stove, muller, or spinning ofac^ which he, she, or they shall have, keep, or use for the perishing any process, operation, matter, or thing whatsoever, in or about the manufacturing tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spmfa tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco fak flour, or snuff.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every pose or persons who shall manufacture tobacco or snuff, or deal a tobacco or snuff, shall, before he, she, or they shall manafafisi tobacco or snuff or deal in tobacco or snuff, takeout suchlicoa and licences herein after mentioned, as the case may rcqoar, authoring such person or persons to manufacture tobacco ad snuff, or to deal in tobacco and snuff, as the case may requite, which licences respectively shall be granted in manner born after mentioned $ (that is to say), if any such licence hah be granted to authorise the person or persons to whom the bm shall be granted to manufacture tobacco and fhufl^ or todda tobacco and snuff within the limits of the chief office of act in Lentor, the same shall be granted under the hands and fail of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Engkdbite time being, or of such persons as they the bid commissioncna excise, or the major part of them for the time being, flubfrw time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any fechfetxt shall be granted to authorise the person or persons to whoa tk same shall be granted to manufacture tobacco and deal in tobacco and snuff, in any pert of the kingdom of eifw out of the limits of the said chief office, the same shall be pad under the respective hands and foals of the cplle&orsand vifors of excise within their respective coueftions and difiift; and in case any such licence shall be granted to authorise tk person or persons to whom the same Bull be granted ao on failure tobacco and snuff, of to dbal in tobacco and Cnafi^ aid the limits of the city of Edinburgh the same shall be mrt under the hands and seats of two or more of the axnmiaboi of excise in Scotland for the time being; or if any such beoff shall be granted to authorise the person or persons to wheotk same shall be granted to manufacture tobacco and (huff, ore deal in tobacco and snuff, in any part of Scotland out of tk limits of the city of Edinburgh, then the same shall be grad under the respective hands and foals of the collectors aid it pervifors of excise in Scotland within their respoctive couc&o and districts; and such respective of o cxrife, tf two or more of them respectively, and the perform*to heap pointed by the said commissionera of excise in England or or major part of them, and also all such collector and feperkfa pre hereby respectively authorised and required to grant fed licences to the persons who shall apply for the same, on the f son or persons applying for the same first paying the fetoalfeb f money herein after fpmncqqdj that fr to fey

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 743

The fiunr of forty Shillings for each such licence which shall Thedtitiesto t granted«previous to the tenth day of November one thousand je Paie for ven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to licence8* anufacture tobacco and snuff until tive said tenth day of No mber one thousand seven hundred and ninety:

The sum of forty Shillings for each and every such licence hich shall be granted after the said tenth day of November one oufand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or; rfons to manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and uff work weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture acting to the directions of this act, within the year ending the nth day of o&oker previous to his, her, or their taking out such: shall not have exceeded the quantity of twenty thou*ad pounds weight:

The sum of three pounds Tor each such licence which shall? granted after the said tenth day of November one thousand ea hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to anufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work sighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day,

q&oter previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, all have exceeded twenty thousand pounds weight, and shall have exceeded thirty thousand pounds weight:

The Aim of four pounds for each such licence which shall be anted after the said tenth day of November one thousand seven treked and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to itia ifadure tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work sighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day Ofiobtr previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, all have exceeded thirty thousand pounds weight, and shall have exceeded forty thousand pounds weight:

The sum of five pounds for each such licence which shall be inted after the said tenth day of November ant thousand feveh tndied and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to ma facture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work ighed by biin, her, or them, for manufacture according ter 5 directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day October previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, ill have exceeded forty thousand pounds weight, and shall not tre exceeded fifty thousand pounds weight:

Xhcfum of six pounds for each such licence which shall be mted after the said tenth day of November one thousand seven ndred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to tna foctore tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work rghtd by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to? dipedioos of this act, within the year ending the tenth day gour previous to hit, her, or their taking out such licence, rilvh*re exceeded fifty thousand pounds weight, and shall nor w exceeded sixty thousand pounds weight:

The sum of seven pounds, for each such licence which shall

ha

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [ify

be granted after the said tenth day of November one fhoak* seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or perfoih*: manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and fooff wri weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according t: the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth d; i of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such fiercer shall have exceeded sixty thousand pounds weight, and shall nc have exceeded seventy thousand pounds weight:

The sum of eight pounds for each such licence which fin" be granted after the said tenth day of November one thootarj seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or peribra s manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture accorfeg oath directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth by of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such lict&t, shall have exceeded seventy thousand pounds weight, and da!) not have exceeded eighty thousand pounds weight:

The sum of nine pounds for each such licence which (hi granted after the said tenth day of November one thousand be hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons roas nufacture tobacco and fnuflt, if the tobacco and feoff m weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according r. the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth &' of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such shall have exceeded eighty thousand pounds weight, and fe not have exceeded ninety thousand pounds weight:

The sum of ten pounds for each such licence which fest granted after the said tenth day of November one rhoufmdfbr hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons lots nufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and feoff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth a of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such litre: shall have exceeded ninety thousand pounds weight, and (hi, not have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds weight: The sum of twelve pounds for each such licence which fti be granted after the said tenth day of November one thonfe seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or perfown manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth u of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such liccnc:, shall have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds weight, !^ shall not have exceeded one hundred and twenty thoussoj pounds weight:

The sum of fifteen pounds for each such licence which M be granted after the said tenth day of November one tbocfcrj seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or perfomto manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according, the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth ta

789*3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 745

' October previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, tall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand pounds eight, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and fifty oufand pounds weight:

The sum of twenty pounds for each such licence which shall; granted after the said tenth day of November one thousand ven jiundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to aniitadure tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work eighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day of Bober previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, shall ive exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand pounds weight:

And the sum of five Shillings for each such licence to authorise m, her, or them to deal in tobacco and snuff within the limits the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of e city of Edinburgh; and the sum of two Shillings and sixpence r each such licence to authorise the person or persons to whom ie same shall be granted to deal in tobacco and snuff in any her part of Great Britain, out of the said respective limits.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said several sums To whom the ' money by this act directed to be paid for such licences re duties for h edively shall be paid for such respective licences to such per ^nf^rc ns as are herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; hat is to say) such thereof as shall be paid for licences which tall be granted to authorise any person or persons to manu dure toba^o and snuff, or to deaf in tobacco and snuff, within e limits of the chief office of excise in London, shall be paid at le chief office of excise in London i and such thereof as mall be tid for such licences which shall be granted to authorise any rrfon or persons to manufacture tobacco and (huff, or to deal tobacco and snuff, within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, tail be paid at the chief office of excise at Edinburgh; and such tereof as shall be paid for such licences respectively which shall: granted to authorise any person or persons to manufacture tbacco and snuff, or to deal in tobacco and snuff, in any part r Great Britain out of the said respective limits, shall be paid»the respective collectors of excise granting such respective::

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Licences to till manufacture tobacco or snuff, or deal in tobacco or bcrcncwcd iuff, after the expiration of twelve months from the time of yearly king out any such licence as aforesaid, unless such person or srfons shall take out a fresh licence, in the manner herein before reded, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months om the time of taking out such former licence, and foin like tanner from year to yer; and that if any person or persons Penaltyonnot tall manufacture tobacco or snuff without nrft taking out a taking out, or cence, and renewing the same yearly, as herein before in that no renewing ehalf directed, he, (northeast, or they shall for each and every such llccncc8« (Fence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds j and that if any person

dealers.

One licence

746 Anno vicesimo nono gfcoi&ilul c/68.r fbytj.

person or persons shall deal in tobaoco orfbnfiy wkbom 4a taking out a licence, and renewing the fameyoariy, as when before in that behalf directed, he, foe, or Otey shall, fare, and every such offence forfeit the font of fifty pounds. mamifk&dr

LXXIII. Provided always, That no person or persons to wru>t selling whom any licence shall be granted, according to the dbefotos left quantities f th, to authorisb him, her, or them to manofa&uft to than elb.and bacco and snuff, shall be obliged to takeout any licence tarn snuff than thorifo him, her, or them to deal in tobacco and fntiff^ureter tak n*7v"°t of them, so that such person or persons shall not attoy tanekil 011 L any tobacco id a less quantity than four pounds weight, or set snuff in a left quantity than two pounds weight, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in aeywifena withstanding.

LXXIV. Provided also, That persons manufodhiring tobies sufficicntfora^fouff, or dealing in tobacco or snuff, in partoerfoip, tad a rachousef10 one house or foopo>nly, shall not be obliged to take ootasore than one licence in dny one year for manufacturing tobaomod Licences not snuff, or for dealing in tobacco and snuff; and tharno'flnei: < t^miuiufoc cence which* g«nted by virtue of this act shall aotk luring tobtc rise or fimpower any person or persons to msnufa&arc tobacco, etc. in or snuff, or to deal in tobacco or (huff, in any other hod: ,

any other warehouse, work house, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other phrt,

placethan houses, warehouse*, workhouses, (hops, wo,

Lily entered, cellars, vaults, or other places, whereof entry in writing fasti b: made at the office of excise, in the names of such person or persons, according to the directions of this act, at the ume«granting such licence.

No person to

LXXV. Provided also, That nothing in thit a&contaiaef* (h*h cxtcn<* or he deemed or construed to extend, to imkevr

file ofun* person or persons liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds for manufactured by reason of the sale of unmanufactured tobacco, or for orb tobacco, or reason of the sale of any snuff, whiht such tobacco or snuff fal fouff, while^aj1(j reman in the warehouse or warehouses in which & in thejftnt'a ^ltnc shall bedeposited, lodged, and secured, according totk warehouse; directions of this act.

Tobacco

LXXVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained flat

folk, etc. extend, or be doemed or construed to extend, to make a' «vbemami. Spanish cutter or snuff miller liable to the said penalty of tv: any entered hundred pounds for or by reason of such spam/h cutter's mass mills, on ac fa&uring any tobacco (talks ioto Sparrish, or for or by restate; count of other such snuff miller's grinding any tobacco (talks for tobaccafhk, icfnac<ima' flour nt tobacco (talk flour, or any snuff work into sass, who haw le provi<kd such tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobaoco dak gaily receive flour, and snuff work respectively, so respectively mamifadwcd such tobacco and ground, (hah be so manufactured and ground at legal entered mills, for or on account of any other mamifadturer of o bacco or snuff, duly licensed according to the dtre&ions of tbs aft, and provided such tobaceo (talks, tobacco (talks for tatatf (talk flour, and snuff work respectively, shall havn been say received by such &pcmish cutter or snuff miller respe&itdy, h

- %

fahss, etc.

74 7

Artnd viieflmo nolo Georgii'iii. C 68.

fcgal permit from such other manufacturer or itoanufadhireft, for the sole purpose of manufacturing or grinding the same as aforesaid; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it farther enabled, That alt and every Notices as manufacturer and manufacturers of tobacco shall, before he,

(he, or they shall begin to (trip or to spin any tobacco, or to theexcifc, VC press any tobacco for cutting, or to make any tobacco into officer before carrots, or to flatten any tobacco (talks for Spanish, give to the anjr mam officer of excise under whose survey he, she, or they shall then ^«urer be be, six hours notice in writing, if his, her, or their premises, ift |tc!tc»oco! which such tobacco is intended to be (tripped, spun, pressed, or made into carrots, or tobacco (talks are intended to be flattened for Spanish, shall be situate within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh\ twelve hours notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate many city, or the suburbs thereof, or in any market town; and twenty*four hours notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention so to do; and in each and every such notice for (trip

a; tobacco, shall specify the weight or all such tobacco in ed to be (tripped; and in each and every such notice sot fpioning, pressing, or making into carrots, shall specify thfe several weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into carrots; and in each and every such notice for flattening tobacco (talks for Spanish, shall specify the weight of all such tobacco (talks so intended to be flattened; and in each and every of the aforesaid notices shall, as the case may require,

specify the hour and time when he, she, or they shall intend to begin so to (trip, spin, press, or make into carrots, any such tobacco, or to flatten any such tobacco (talks for Spanish; and Officer fast the proper officer of eftcife shall attend pursuant to any such tcnda$ree*blc notice, and such manufacturer or manufacturers dial I, lmrtie diately on such officer's attendance, or within one hour after the j>ncc the to time specified in any such notice, begin to weigh, separate and bacco', etc. is apalrt from each other, in the presence of such officer, all such tobeweighed* tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into carrots, and also all such tobacco (talks so intended to be flattened, and shall proceed in and continue each and every such weighing until all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco, specified in any such notice, shall be so weighed; and fu£h manufacturer oi manufacturers shall also, so (bon as such tobacco, tobacco (talks and returns of tobacco respectively, specified in any such notice

(hah be so weighed, deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying how much of such tobacco, and returns of nd to whom, tobacco respectively, is or are intended to be manufactured into? ^cj^at.lv" Short cut tobacco, how much thereof respectively into shag rpecifyttfg? tobacco and how much of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and quantity in retums of tobacco respectively, is or are intended to be made tejided to be Yoi. XXXVI Ddd into ufc<j for cash

-74&

sort of 13 bacco.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgia IL C 6 k [1789.

into roll and carrot tobacco rdjpedively; and all and ewcry such 'manufacturer and manufacturers (lull, without delay or iotct 'ruption, after such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or returns oftobacoo, shall have been so weighed, manufacture the same respectively into Short cut tobacco, .(hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, according to such declaration, and also maoufadurc into Sponish all such tobacco folks', according to such notice; and i: any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco shall begin to drip or to spin any tobacco, or to press any tobacco for cutting, or to make any tobacco into carrots, jor to flatten any tobacco, 'fialks for spank, without giving such notfee as is in that btha*

" herein before directed to be given, or having given any fob

notice, and begun to weigh any such tobacco or tobacco aauu in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or refafe to proceed inor continue any such weighing, in manner herein before direfod, 'or shall not, so soon as any such tobacco, tobacco folks, or returns of tobacco respectively, specified in any such notice soil be so weighed, deliver to such officer such declaration as laid, or shall, after any such tobacco, tobacco folks, or setiyiv of tobacco, shall have been weighed, neglect or refuse to Tadure the same respectively into Short cut tobacco, (hag tabasco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, according to such dccfcnfo in manner herein bbefore diredqd, or shall neglect or reflet to manufacture into Spanijk any such tobacco stalks, according to such notice, in manner herein before directed, all and cwy Penalty of ioh such manufacturer or manufacturers (o offending shall, for tad for tiegled, and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds bat not to be

LXXVIII. Provided always nevertheless. That no.such i"currcd, f nufadurer or manufacturers shall incur or be liable to the bd asur°declara Penahy of twenty pounds, for or by teafon of not pressing dor tien, appears cutting, or not (pinning or making into carrots, any tobacco, to be unfit for according to such declaration, in case such tobacco shall, ofm niaking car further examination, after tyre delivery of such declaration, appear to be unfit to be so pressed, spun, or made into carrots, ao cording to such declaration, and notice thereof in writing, if cifying the weight of such tobacco, shall be given by such maott* fadurer or manufacturers to the officer of excise under whole survey he, she, or they shall then be, within cony eight horn next after the delivery of such declaration, and in case such na nufadurer or manufacturers shall also, within that time, in hkt manner deliver to such officer a fresh declaration in respect thereof, specifying into which of the sorts of tobacco heg» before mentioned the same is to be manu£adured, and (bailale proceed in like manner to press for cutting, to spin or makx into carrots, all such tobacco, according to such last mcqtiefo declaration; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIX. Provided also, That no such manufacturer or nufadurers of tobacco, being also a manufacturer or mamfo* turers of snuff, duly licensed according to the directions of so ad, shall incur or bf liab/e to the said penalty of twenty pofo

to

rots, C

manufacturers.both of tobacco and snuff not liable to the

J anno Vtfesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 749-

for or by rctforr of not dripping, or not pfefling for cutting, or aforesaid pend (pinning or making into carrots, any tobacco according to ^acco ^fter such declaration, in case such tobacco shall, upon further cx> declaration, atnirtation after the delivery of such declaration, appear to bd appears to be unfit to be so (tripped, pressed, tyun, or made into carrots, ac j}t only for cording to such declaration, and shall be fit only for the purpose work, of being laid down in snuff work, and notice thereof in writing, specifying the weight of such tobacco, shall be given by such manufacturer or manufacturers to the officer of excise under whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, within forty-eight hours next after the delivery of such declaration; and in case such manufacturer or manufacturers shall also within that time, in like manner, deliver to such officer a fresh declaration in refoect thefeof, specifying inro what sort of snuff work the same is to be laid down, (that is so say), whether the same is to be hid down in (huff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch snuff, or (huff work for brown Scotch (huff, and shall also proceed to lay down the same into such particular sort of snuff work, according to such lad mentioned declaration; anything liereiti tfcfofe contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not wfthfttfttding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That when any manu Declaration facterifr or manufacturers of tobacco shall have finished the ma cxchc officer nufacttiring any tobacco into Short cut tobacco or (hag tobacco, Of the weight or (hahliavc finished the manufacturing any tobacco (talks into of the differ spanish, such mafrillfactufor or manufacturers shall, when and ent sorts of so feon as any such tobacco or tobacco (talks'respectively shall soon^manu be completely manufactured, deliver, or cause to be delivered, faaured into to th officer of excise, under whose survey, he, she, or they Short cut, C shall then be, a declaration in writing, specifying the weight which are to of ttte Short cur tobacco, (hag tobacco, and Spanish, respectively j^te for Pa manufactured from such tobacco and tobacco (talks respectively, hours, or till and also the weight of the returns and tobacco (talks respectively an account be arising from such Short cut tobacco and (hag tobacco respecttaken, on pe tivety, in the manufacturing of such Short cut tobacco and nalty s*(hag tobacco respectively, and such manufacturer or manufacturers shall keep ah such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, and returns of tobacco respectively, separate and apart from each other, and (eparare and apart from all other tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish> and returns of tobacco respectively, for and during the space of twenty-four hours, from the time when such manufacturing shall be fimshed, or until such officer shall have taken an account of the same re (pefti^tly, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or refusal thereof the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any manu A like dec fa&urfcr or manufacturers of tobacco, shall have finished the givenvao ttfsftirtg inro rolls or carrots any tobacco, such manufacturer or lacco made llitmufachijrejrs (half, when and so fodn as'any fuph making shall, into rolls or bhfinished, deliver or cause to be delivered to the officer of ex carrots, ciyc under whose survey, he, she, or they shall then be, a'rieda Pc

by Dgle wtion

and also of rolls or carrots, pressed, cured, and finished, canno

vicesimo npno georch III c^68. {13-89,

ration in writing, specifying the number of the rolls and worn respectively so made, and the weight of the tobacco (talk returns or tobacco respectively, arising from such rolls and or rots respectively, in the manufacturing thereof respectively \ mi such manufacturer or manufacturers shall keep all such Tofts, carrots, tobacco (talks, and returns respectively, fepsrate sad apart from all other rolls, carrots, tobacco (talks, and retumof tobacco respectively, for and during the space of twenty few hours, from the time when such making shall be finithed, or until such officer shall have taken an account of the famerespeo tively, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or refufri thereof the lum of fifty pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when any moo faclurer or manufacturers of tobacco shall have pressed, cured, and finished any rolls or carrots of tobacco, such manufacturer or manufacturers shall, when and so loon as the same shall be so pressed, cured, and finidied, deliver or cause to be delivered to the officer of excise under whose Purvey he, she, or they shall then be, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of such rolls and carrots respectively, and also the weight of such rolli and carrots respectively; 1 and such manufacturer and manufacturers shall keep all such rolls and carrots respectively fepsose and apart from all other rolls and carrots of tobacco, for and during the space of twenty-four hours from the time wheptk fhme shall be first prested, cured, and finished, or until fiichofficer shall have taken an account of the same, on pain of forfeiting, for evciy neglect or refusal thereof, the focn of sin pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no mandat turer or manufacturers of tobacco shall make, manufacture, «have in his, her, or their custody of possession, any roll tobate tobacco (talks or carrot tobacco for exportation, with arty tobacco (talks there therein, it in; and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco (Ui tnafbeseized, make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their caftodycc abd the ma p0(re{fion, any roll tobacco or carrot tobacco for exportation, with any tobacco (talks therein, the same respectively Ihatl be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and such manufacturer or mandk turers who shall so make, manufacture, 6r have in Ms, her, C their custody or possession any such roll tobacco or carrot tobacco for exportation with any tobacco (talks therein, ftudl, fe each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no perfoftcc persons whatsoever shall cut, or cause or procure to be cut, at' etcc intmita wa^nut trcc leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any te tien of to*herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco leaves, cr bacco, etc. plants) into the form Or in imitation of any of the usual iiees X on penalty of cuts which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or

thereoffand co, olir> ^a'n> ye, or curc» or cause or Procure to be'cdtoure^ so*dyed, ot cured, any walnut trie leaves, hop leaacesy jy camore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, to referable to

bacers

t>y

If rol) or carrot tobacco for exportation has any

nufa&tirer shall forfeit jol.

No person to cut walnut tree leaves.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 75.

ftscss ir shall (nix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any wall iut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other eavep* hetbs or plants whatsoever, with tobacco, or shall fell, tod, setter, offer, or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, or 1wic costody or possession, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves,

'yttamdre leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatso jver (not being tobacco leaves or plants) cut into the form or m imitation of any of the usual fizts or curs which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, (or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever, coloured, (tamed, dyed, or cured, to resemble tobacco, or any tvalntat tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants, mixed with tobacco; and if any person.er persons whatsoever shall cut, or cause or procure to be tot, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any otter leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco - kafecfl or plants) into the form or in imitation of any of the usual fiaes or cuts which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or shall colour, (lain, dye, or cure, or cause or procure to be coloured, stained, dyed, or cured, any walnut tree leaves, hop teaves, sycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, to re fembic tobacco, or shall mix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever, with tobacco, or shall ^.

fell, vend, utter, offer or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, dr their custody or possession, any walnut tree leaves, hop ... t

leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco leaved or plants) cut into the form or in imitation of any of the usual fixes or cuts which tobacco has been or (halt be cut into, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fy capo ore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever, coloured, stained, dyed, or cured to resemble tobacco dr any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants mixed with tobacco; all and every such person or persons respectively shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such walnut trees leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco leaves or plants) which shall be fa cut, coloured, stained, dyed, cured, mixed, sold, vended, uttered, offered or exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and all such tobacco with which any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fyca tnore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, shall be mixed, together with the hogsheads, cades, chests, cases, and packages whatsoever, containing the same, shall be forfeited; and all such walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, and other leaves, herbs, or plants, tobacco, hogsheads, casks, chests, cases,

'and packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any of sfltcr or officers of the customs or excise,

Provided always, That nothing herein before con manufraur ttmed shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to ers mtj keep D dd 3 pro andufcdjc

snuff work, etc. and to place them so as to be easily examined by the excite officer;

752 fano vicesimo none Georgii II. c. 6& [1789.

for framing prohibit any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from

tobacco. dying or ftafoing, with any liquid dye or (lain, any tobacco manufacturing

or manufactured intp Short cut tobacco, flttg tobacco, roil tobacco, or carrot tobacco, or any tobacco (talks manufacturing or manufactured into tpanijt^ or from hmog such liquid dye or stain in his, her, or their custody or pose (ion, for the purpose of staining or dying such tobacco or tobacco (talks, so manufacturing or manufactured \ anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywue notwithstanding.

Snsffmanu

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every ta^cfr8caflls manufacturer and naanufaqurers of snuff shall, at his, her, and for prcpsing l^clt own expense find and provide prbper movable caifcs for - - preparing or laying down snuff work and tobacco (talks for tobacco

(talk flour respectively, as he, she, or they shall lay down in calks; and shall also, at his, her, and their own expeoce, find and provide proper movable calks for putting into the same, in manner herein after directed, such fi>uff work and Uh bacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour respectively as he, she or they shall lay down in any bin or bins; and such manufacturef or imnufadturers shall so construct, place, and keep xllcafkiby him, her, or them ma^f use of for either of the pqrpp&s aforesaid, in such a manqer as that the officer or officers of exeiif pnay conveniently be enabler! to examine and weigh the same, and to mark and to examine the contents thereof, at all times; and (had them, on also, from time to time, distinctly mark each and every cast by penalty o 501. jjer> Qr them foreither of the purposes aforesaid, o

nioil conspicuous part thereof, with a progressive number,

and also with the exa<§ jare and weight of each and every iudi cask; and shall not lay down any snuff vyork, or pur any (naff Vork which he, she, or they shall lay down in any bin or bir>^ in any cask or casks not lo marked as aforesaid, nor shall hj down any snuff work in any vessel, cask> or pten (i I wfartocw, except in a calk or in calks (b marked as aforesaid, or in atya or bins, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence the (foaof fifty pounds.

lxxxvii.and be it further enadm, TM alland every mi to give notice nufadturer and manufactureers of snuff (had, before he, (he, orthcjr to the excise shall begin to }iqu6r, damp, strip, press, at cut any tobacoo or officer before tobacco stalks, or to lay down any snuff work, or tobacco (talks liquor to to or l°bacco folk flour, give to the officer of excise, under whefc bacco, etc. survey be, (he, or they shall then be, six ftpqrs notice in and to follow if his, her, or their premises, in which fuph tobacco or lofecw the directions stalks is or are intended to be liquored, damped, dripped, prefab fpccl" or c4r» or wor^ or tobacco stalks is or are ia

9 tended to be laid down, (ha! be situate within the limits of the

chief office of excise in London or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh; twelve hours notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate in arty city, or the suburbs thereof, or m any market town; and twenty-four hours notice in writing, if such premises (foil be situate so any other part of Gw* Btkw

his,

7$9jvi anriovicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

tsi

SER, or their intention to liquor, damp, drip, prefej 'or cut to^t'tobacco or tobacco stalks, or to lay down any draff work,

C Jtfcbacco italics, and in each and every such notice shall Ipecify particular hour and time when he, They or they shall intend a'wsgin to liquor, damp, drip, press, or cut such tobacco or abctcco dalles, or to lay down any snuff work or tobacco (talks or tobacco dalk flour, and the weight of such tobacco and to

stalks respectively (& to be liquored, damped, tripped, pressed, or cut, and the several weights of the tobacco, qbacco stalks, and returns of tobacco, so intended to belaid in such friuff work, and also the weight of the tobacco Ifjjyjes so inrended to be laid down for tobacco (talk flour, and &£ number of the particular cask or casks, or the particular ttyt), in which the same respectively are intended to be laid and such officer shall attend pursuant to such notice; ad all and every manufacturer and manufacturers giving any fa$h notice for liquoring, damping, dripping, preffrrlg, dr catting, tobacco or tobacco dalks, shall, immediately on such officer attendance, or within one hour after the time specififed in fych notice, begin to weigh all such tobacco and tobacco stalks respectively, separate and apart from each other in the presence <^f'lbch officer, and shall also, without delay dr interruption proceed in and continue weighing the same, separate and apart trpih each other, in the presence of such officer, until all such totoacco and tobacco dalks respectively shall be severally and separately weighed; and shall, immediately after the same respect^vply shall have been weighed deliver to such officer a de claration in writing, ffcecify.ing how much of such tobacco, to.

dalks, and returns, respectively, so intended to be faa own In snuff work, 'is or are intended to be made into rappee fopff, how much thereof respectively into Scotch fnttff*. how much thereof respectively into brown Scotch snuff, 1 and how much of such tobacco dalks into tobacco (talk flour; and when am so soon as such fnhff work, dr tobacco dalks, as the case may be, shall be laid down in or put into calks, such tnanufac as also when _ turer or manufactures shall give to the officer of excise under the snuff whose survey he, she or they shall then be, a notice in writing Hiiddown*of such snuff work, or tobacco Aalks, being so laid down in, or Calk, put into casks, as the case may be, specifying in such notice the the when, such snuff Work, or tobacco stalks for tobacdo stalk flour, as the case may be, was or were so laid'down, and such officerxshall attend pursuant to such notice; and such manufacturer or manufacturers shall, immediately on such officer's attend ance, in the presence of such officer, affix to each and every such calk a ticket; the number of stich cask, Yhe weight of the snuff" work or tobacco stalks fof tobacdo stalk Sour, as the case may be, therein, and the time when such snuff wjork or tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, 'was or were so said down; also whether such snuff work so intended to be manufactured into rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch snuff; which ticket shall be signed as well by such mad

d d 4 -nufadturec

in

and when any snuff work, etc. U intended to be taken out of the talk to be gropnc).

Snuff work ol one making not to be mixed with another making.

manufactnr era beginning to liquor tobacco, etc. Without giv

anr\o yicrftnb nono gborouiil a€8«; r

Dpfaftprcror manufacturers, or his, her, or their fenraac, in thatj>«half, with his, her, or their naqpe or names, gv by fetch officer with his name and when any such manufacturer or manufacturers shall intend to take any friuff work or tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour from or out of any such cades, for the purpose of grinding the same, he, she, or they shall give to the officer of exci/e under whose survey, he, she, or they shall then be, dx hours noticein writing, if such snuff work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk flour, shall be laid down within the limits of the chief office of excise in London* or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh \ twelve hours notice in writing, if fetch snuff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (laik flour, (half be laid down in any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market town; and twenty-four hours notice in writing, if such snuff work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk flour, Audi: be laid down in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her or their intention so to do; and in such notice, shallfyecify the particular c*(k or calks, and the number or numbers thereof respect lively, from or out of which such snuff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, is or are intended so to be taken, and hall also specify in every such notice, whether such (hiaff work so intended to be taken from or opt of each such calk is by him, her, pr them iotended to be made into rappee snuff, Seettb snuff, or brown Seeieb snuff; and such officer (Tull attend, pursuant to every such notice.; and such mamifa&urtr or manufacturers shall immediately, on such officer's attendance, weigh, in the presence of (belt officer, all such (huff work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco ftalkflour, specified in any such.notice; and if the snuff work, or tobacco stalks foe tobacco stalk flour, so taken out, shall be t'akkn from and out of any calk in which there shall be (huff work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour remaining, such manufacturer or manufacturer* shall immediately slier such fauff work or tobacco stalks for tobacco ftaik flopr shall be so, taken out, affix a ticket, signed by such mama? faflurer or manufaaugers, or his, her, or their fervaat, in that behalf, and by such officer, to every such cask, specitying the weight of the snuff work, or tobacco stalks, as the case may require, so then taken from or out of the same, and the time when the same was Qr were so taken out, and such manufacturer or maqufatf urers shall cause all and every such tickets respectively to be kept and continued on each such cmfk to which the same (half be so affixed, during all the time that any snuff work pr tobaepo stalks for tobacco stalk flour shall remain therein; and no maruifacturer or manufacturers of snuff shall mix, fningle, lay together, or put into the lame bin or caflt, any fpuff work or tobacco stalks for tobacco fialk flour o one making or laving dpwn with snuff work or tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour of any other making or laying down: and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of, (buff hal begin to hr quor, damp, strip, press, or cut any tobacco or tobacoo stalks, or to lay down any. snuff work, or any Jobacco stalks for in feacco flask flour, without giying such notice as is in that behalf

bereiq'i

k'jv > annovks^mo 'bono Gsoboii 111; tt. 69i s

n jtefiore'dhreaed to be given, or having given anyr.otfefclafc iqdov'rhg, damping, dripping, pressing or catting tobacco'or com (talks, and begun to weigh any such tobacco or tobaccoQL a shall neglect or refuse to proceed in or continue th; hiag loch tobacco or tobacco (talks in manner hereio be directed, or if any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, ng given any notice for laying down tobacco, tobacco (talks: of tobacco, in snuff work, or tobacco (talks for loro stalk flour, and begun to weigh such tobacco, tobacco*ts, or returns of tobacco, shall neglea or refuse to orocecd in; continue the weighing of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and irnstof tobacco, in manner heretn before in that behalf'di: cdy ot having weighed any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or ftns of tobacco, according to the directions of this act, shall; 11& or refofe to deliver to the officer such declaration, speci ig how much of such tobacco, t tobacco (talks, and returns of n aoooo respectively, (b intended to be laid down in snuff work or are intended to be made into rappee snuff, how much 1 Tcaf respectively into Scotch snuff, and how much thereof relatively into brown Scotch snuff, or a declaration specifyirtg: w much of such tobacco (talks are intended to be laid down*tobacco (talk.flour, according to the directions of this act hawing laicl down, or put into cask any snuff work or tobacco Iks for tobacco (talk floor, in manner herein before in that: half directed, shall neglect or refuse to give to the officer of rise, under whose survey he, she, or they, shall then be, such rticeiti writing of such snuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco ifk flour being so laid down or put into calk, in manner herein ifofc in that behalf directed, or having laid down or put into ifld any such snuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk our, and given such notice, shall neglect or refuse to affix to ly such cask, such ticket as is in that behalf heretn before di: to be affixed, or to sign the same with his, her, or their^ame or names, or shall lay down any snuff work, or tobacco alks for tobacco (talk flour, or shall take any snuff work, or to 1 acco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, from or out of any such ask, for the purpose of grinding, without giving such notice as > herein beforein such case directed to be given, or shall take, " or the purpose of grinding, any snuff work, or tobacco (talks or tobacco (talk flour, out of cask, not in the presence of the } jffioer under whose survey he, she, or they (hah then be, or hall neglefi or refuse to weigh, in the presence of such officer, 1 iny such (huff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour taken out of cask, pursuant to any notice given for taking snuff worfcy or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, out of calk, or shall neglect or refuse to affix to any such cask, from or out of which aoy snuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour shall have been so taken, such ticket as isin that behalf herein before directed to be affixed, or to flgn any such ticket as aforesaid, or shall negleri or refuse to cause any such ticket,by this adk. flireded to be affixed as aforesaid, to be kept and continued on

4'.-'any -:

76$

notice, to forfeit

76$'

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6?.

[17s9.'

Mantifaftur*

any such cask to which the same shall be affixed, during all the time that any snuff work or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco talk flour shall remain thereto, or shall lay together, put into the same bm or calk, or mix or mingle any snuff work, or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco (talk flour of one making or laying down with (huff work or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco stalk flour of any other making or laying down, all and every such manufacturer or manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every (rich offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

lxxxvilf. Provided always nevertheless, That so mano tonxnvtfor ^a*ur5r or'manufacturers'of'snuff shall incur or be liable to not manu the said penalty of fifty pounds for or by reason of his, her, or fechnring their not manufacturing any snuff work into rappee snuff, Scshb snuff work, snuff, or brown Scotch snuff, according to his, her, or the'ur depuration cfarat*t>n given in that behalf, in case such (huff work shall, it fealtappear upon furtha examination, after ihe delivery of such deefaratbo, afterwards appear to be Unfit to be so Manufactured according to such de unfit for the cfaration: and noticie thereof in writing, specifying the weight purpofic, ctc, 0p fouff "wor|^ shall tre

given by such manufacturer or manufacturers to the officer of excise under whose surveyfce, she, or they shall then be, within forty-eight hours next acto the delivery of such declaration, and in case such manufacturer or manufacturers shall also within that time ip like manner deliver to such officer a fresh declaration in refjpecl thereof, specifying ipto which of the forts of snuff next herein before mentioned the same is to be manufactured, and shall also proceed Withotit deliy 'or interruption to manufacture the same, aid

fihifti thetnanufacturingrtiereds, 1 according to suchjaft meutiooed declaration j anything herem before contained to therontnrj thereof in any wise not with (landing.

Snuff work, 'LXXXIX'be it furrhet enacted, That all and every s^fetobe anc manufacturers of (huff shall with all duedib

manufactured rpnc* Manufacture all snuff work, and tobacco ftaiks for tobacco according to (talk flout, 'respectively, which shall at any time be taken out ef wotice, and any such calk, into rappee snuff, Scttcb snuff, or brqwn when fimshed (huff, pr tobacco (talk flourj as the case may require, according facturer to tb the notice herein before in that behalf directed j and when deliver to the any pvanufacltfrer or manufacturers of snuff shall have finished excise officer the manufacturing; of any snuff work into Cpuff, such roanu a declaration fafyureir or manufacuirei s shall, when and so soon as any farsi Mall be completely made, deliver or cause to be delivered etc.on penalty tjo the officer of excise under whose survey he, she, or they ftuli of job then be, a declaration In writing, specifying the Weight ol each of the said respective sorts of snuff made from such snuff work, and the weight of the tobacco stalk flour, if any, manufactured into the same respectively, and such manufaaurct or spans facturers shall keep such respective sorts of snuff separate and apa^ from each other, and separate and apart from all other snuff, ad from all tobacco stalk flour, for and during the space of twentj four hours from the time when such making shall be finished, «until the officer of excise under whose futvey such manufacturer

or

by.

Aqnp vicqsimo nono Georgii UK C 69. 757

nufacturers shall then be shall have taken an account of and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff negwt or refuse to manufacture into rafjpee fuuff, Stotcb, or brown Smith snuff, with all due diligence, according to otic herein before in that behalf directed, any such (nuff, X my time taken out of any such calk, or if any such jfacturer or manufacturers shall neglect or refuse to deliver \ufc to be delivered to the officer of excise under whose: he, she, or they shall then be, 'when and so fooil as such ufru&urer or manufacturers shall have finish«d the roanu ring of any snuff work into snuff, a declaration in writing,

fyteg the weight of each of the said respective sorts of snuff C from such snuff work, and the weight of the tobacco (talk r, f any, manufactured into the same respectively, or shall edor refuse to keep such respective sorts, of snuff separate apaft from each other, and separate and apart from all other f^nd tobacco stalk flour respectively, according to the di*ion % of this act, every such manufacturer or manufacturer

sending shall for each and every such offence forfeit the i of fifty pounds. '

ici Provided always, and be it further enacted, That manufactor hing herein befdre contained shall extend, or be deemed or r not/tia^l tftf eed to extend, to make any manufacturer or manufacturers notdeiivering rnxiff liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds, for or by reason the last men? hi, her, or their not delivering, or caufine or procuring to tinned dc*such last mentiooeddeclaration, ror or in sefpcct of y returned directly from the mill, where the same rctnmed di

till hive been ground and deposited in such room as is in that redly from; tiatfherrin after allowed, provided such manufacturer pr ma the mill, if factortfs shah, previous to and immediately on his, her, or the?^liver*eir taking such Sntch snuff from or out of such room, deliver, ^cn caqfe to be delivered, to the officer of excise under whose fur same is taken y hebe; or they shall then be, a declaration in writing, spe from the yifig the weight of such Sxotch (huff, and of the tobacco, to rsomt^ci^ icco (talks, and returns of tobacco, respectively manufactured jcpofiudu* to the same, and the time when the same were laid down in uff work; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary tereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XGI. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall and may be manufactor wfut'to and for all and every manufacturer and manufacturers era may keep f snuff, at his, her, and their own expense, to provide a proper, onvenient, and Uccurc room for the purpose of keeping dried Scotch snuff, Mth Gross therein, with good and sufficient fastenings, such under the te oom and fastenings to be approved of in writing, by and under fjri&ioos he hands of the respective surveyors and supervisors of excise of mca* he division or district in which such room shall be situate; and

10 fifth room shall have more than one door or entrance into he same, nor shall there be any communication whatsoever, ave and except one door, between such room and any other oom or place whatsoever; and such room shall be locked up,

Med, and ftcured by the officer or officers of excise under

whose

and may deposit therein fof ( months, Sootch fnoff dtretfljr from the min.

Begofattons sat cemovine Scotch (huff faomftore AS.

jol penalty for npt keep log in (lore rooms Scotch feu if of one making apart from every other make

Store rooms sotto he opened except in the pretence of the excise

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

whose survey such manufacturer or manufacturer (hawiroo time to time be. at alt times when any Scotch firnff*staff k therein: and if fiah manufacturer or manufactirevs (ha)finreff) to have the Scotch snuff ground from his, her, or their fors work returned directly from the milt where the same shall be ground, and depotited in such room for any space of time not exceeding six monrrha, he, she, or they shall be ar libertyfo to do, on giving tbthe officer of excise under whose survey be, (be, or they shall then be, six hours notice in writing, if such room shall he situate within tlte limits of the chief office of exrifc in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh twehe hours notice in writing, if fitch rbom shall be filtrate many city, or the suburbs thereof, 'or in any market town; and twenty4cw hours notice in writing, if such room shall be fitoate in vjj other part of Great Britain of such his, her, or their rntemwn; and such officer shall attend pursuant to such notice, «mmm open such room, and such scotch(hoff shall then be tntmediatdy put into such room in the pretence of fetch officer, and fed remain therein for any pace of time not exceeding six month, without ftfch Scotch snuff being deemed or taken as a port of his, her, or, thfcir frock of Stottb snuff, so as to deprive hrni; b«r, ar them of any jpztx of the credit by this act allowed to him, her, or tltam, fonor in respalt of Scotch fnoff, tnythitelh this act contained to the tomriry thereof in ariywhe norwnhfiandkg: and when any fur h manufadhireror manufactures (hatt intend to take any Scotch snuff tom or out of such roomhe, see, or they (hai in like manner give to tke oftoev oftxeifewnfe whose fumy he, she, or they shaw then be, six hours notfct a writing, if such room shall be ficuate within the desks of k chief office of excise in Londok, or within the Sroits of Ibedy of Edinburgh; twelve hours norite in writing; if feieh aom id be situate rn any city or the suburbs thereof, or iawy waste town; and twenty-four boors notice in writing, if fetch am shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain % of foeh hk, her, or their intention; and such officer shall attend parfetat* such notice, and shall open such room, and fetch Scotch bof shall then be immediately taken from and out of suck roam the presence of such officer, and ail and every such mannfafeum and manufacturers ftiah keep ail Scotch snuff, of one udix, separaie and apart from all Scotch snuff of any other miktot*such room; and if any such manufacturer or manufeclongrsuuf negk^t or refuse to keep any Scotch snuff of ooc making 4eptn* and apart from all Scotch snuff of any other making far room, all and every such manufacturer or manufacturers fast sending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fitntf fifty pounds. o

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any mawofedm or manufacturers of snuff shall, by any meant; artvdtvfrt, «contrivance whatsoever, open any room so provided end improved as aforesaid, except in the pretence ofohepltoptvolta of excise whose bufinefe it may be to ateodin wfefer^o^pmfet

1

1'apno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 7^59

such case such manufacturer or manufacturers officer, on

fqr?*pgb pd every such offence forfeit the sum of two*"*1*?of ir^d pounds.,

Cfcll.afld be it further enacted, That no person or persons No person to iftnper shall mix, or caufo or procore to be mixed, any cl^ycuowiebony, togchwopd, logwood, red or Guinea wood, snuff work, i left to o Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, Saunders wood, or etc.

o.tfr*r sort of wood, or any walnut tree leaves, hqp leaves, ovpe leaves, or any other, leaves, herbs, or plants (other i tobacco), or any earth, clay, or tobacco sand, with any 3f wrprk or (huff, or shall make or colour, pr cause or procure e made or coloured, any fouff work or snuff with aoy sort or any other kind of colouring (Water tinged'tvcolour only excepted); nor shall any manufacturer or of, or dealer or dealers in snuff, fell, vend, titter, for expose to sale, or have in his, her, or their premises ered/or m^nufatfluring or keeping tobacco or snuff, any fu k^jycuow ebony, touchwood, logwpod, red or Guinea, wood, aftfotfa pc Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, or Saunderi wood, aoy vvainut, tree.leaves, hop leaves, or sycamore ieaves; nor dlmy person or persons whatsoever have in his, her, or their iipdy or ppfleflion any fustick, yellow ebony, touchwood, rd or Guinea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood,

44f&gv#ywod, Saunders wopd, or other wood, or walnut tree h^p^leave^ sycamore (eaves, or other leaves, herbs, iuk|s, ^a^h9^1ay, or tobacco sand, mixed with any snuff work fiua& or ny fojuff work or fquff made pr coloured with an rt of cpu timber, or any oilier kind of colourings except as [>reliud». supd if any person or ersons whatsoever shall mix, or Persons muc oforffc prpsgre to be mixed, any fustick, yellow ebony, touch"*fuf*£k» ood, fogwpod, red or Guiuea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood, wor)for f°uff Ticaragm wood, Saunders wood, or any other sort of wood or snuff, or y walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other colouring it aves Jhwrbs, pr plants (other than tobacco), or any earth, clay, kc r tobacco find, with any (huff work or fmxff, or mail make or to forfc4t iiour, or cause or procure to be made or coloured, any snuff ork or snuff, with any sort of oaker, umber, or any other kind ( pofouring (.water tinged with colour only excepted), the per

non persons so offending shall for each and every such offence manufactar werally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; or if any xna or dcajer# lufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in snuff, jn^n entered hall soil, vend, utter, offer, or expose to sale, or have in his, premises, Airier or, their premises entered for manufacturing or keeping to tick, etc. and: >accq or snuff, any fustick, yellow ebony, touchwood, logwood, any persons ed or Guinea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood, Nicaragua possess wood, pr Saunders wood, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fion fustick^ pt sycamore leaves 5 or if any person or persons jafoatsoever shall etc. mixed have in lumber, or their custody or possessiop, any fustick, with snuff yellow ebony, touchwood, logwood, red or Guinea wood, brazi ^.fouff fnu* Unsk Of. Jamaka wqod> Nicaragua: wood, Saunders wood, or coloured with other wood, or walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves oaker, etc. tp

or forfeit jolt

7$0 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

or other leaves, herbs, plants, earth, day, or tobacco had, mixed with any fhuff work or snuff, or any (brt of (huff mait or coloured with any sort of oaker, umber, or any other kind CI*colouring (except as aforesaid), such person or periods, manufacturer

or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers so offend?, shall for each and every such offence severally forfeit the futnof Such fu slick, fifty pounds; and all such fustick, yellow ebony, touchwood, etc. may be logwood, red or Gained wood, brasjiietto or Jamaica wood, a7 faxed. taragua wood, Saunders wood, or other wood, walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, plants, earth, clay, and tobacco fancf, so mixed with (huff work or ftwf, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and the faeff wherewith (he same shall be so irrixed, and all (buff work and snuff respectively which shall be made or coloured contrary te the true intent and meaning hereof; and also all fustick, yelk ebony, touchwood, logwood, red or Guinea wood, brazucttoar Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, or Saunders wood, walnut tree, leaves, hop leaves, and sycamore leaves, which shall be fem, vended, uttered, offered, or exposed to sale, by, dr be in the catered premises or in the possession of, any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in snuff, contrary to the mx intent and meaning hereof shall be forfeited, and shall and am be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

An account XCIV And be it further enacted, That when any mam the weigkts of aller or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobaccofhari Spanifhmixed mix any Spanish with Short cut tobacco, such manufacturer or with ihortcut manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall, every day, enter ires tobacco, and a book, or on a paper into or on which he, she, or they is or stal^flbur* are herein after directed to enter an account of the auantitieso? mixed with the unmanufactured tobacco by him, her, or them sold, fetuotf,

'ftoff, etc. on or consumed, in quantities of two pounds weight, or opwarik penalty of job the gross weights of the Spanish and Short cut tobacco so naiari and the time when the same were so mixed: and when any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, fiwi, shall mix any tobacco (talk flour with British snuff or forage snuff, or any British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Sak> snuff, the one with any other of them, or with any kind«foreign snuff, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer <* dealers, shall, every day, enter into a book, or on a paper, ima

# or on which he, me, or they is or are herein after directed

enter an account of the quantities of snuff by him, her, oyes sold, sent oat or consumed, in quantities of two pounds wcigfr or upwards, the gross weight of the tobacco (talk flour, aerf the several kinds and gross weights of British (huff and forer snuff so mixed, and the time when such tobacco stalk flam, British snuff, or foreign snuff, or either of them, were so ofixtc and if any manufacturer OT manufacturers of, or dealer vw deab era in, tobacco, 'having mixed any Spanish with (hart cut tabscer* shall neglect or refuse to enter into such book, or on such papa, in manner herein before irl that behalf directed, thegrofsweight! of the Spanish and Short Cut tobacco so mixed, and the time wheft

1789.] Anno 'vicesimo n&io Georgii III. c. 168. 761

the same respectively were so mixed; or if any manufacturer or m&nufadhxrers of, or dealer or dealers in, snuff, having mixed any tobacco (talk flour with British snuff or foreign snuff, or any Briixfl) rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch snuff, the one with any other of "them, or with any kind of foreign snuff, shall neglect or refuse to enter into such book, or on such paper. In manner herein before in that behalf directed, the gross weight of the tobacco (talk flour, and the several kinds and gross weights of the British snuff and foreign snuff respddlively so mixed, and the time when fuefh tobacco stalk flour, British snuff and foreign snuff, or either of them, were so mixed, all and every such manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in,

tobacco or snuff so offending, shall, for each, and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any manufacturer Fresh notice or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, who is or are directed to* by this act to give any notice in writing, shall not begin to do or matter speci perform the matter or thing specifiedin such notice, at the time fiedinthefirk specified m fbeh notice, or within one hour next after the time notice is not specified in such notice, the same shall be void and of no effect, and Rich manufacturer or ntanbfadturers, and dealer or dealer, respectively, shall be liable to ive a new and fresh notice in pointed, writing of the same, as if no notice had been before given.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That when any officer or Persons tax officers of excise shall discover that the manufacturing of tobacco.nujaattringr* w snuff is carried oh in any house, warehouse, workhouse, room, seliar, vauh, or place, whereof no entry has been made at the entered placet office of excise as by this act is directed, and shall at the same to forfeit ime discover in such house, warehouse, workhouse, room, cel ar, vault, or place, where such private manufacturing of tobacco yr (huff shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly 1 (lifting or in any ways concerned in carrying on such private' namrfaaurtng of tobacco or snuff, every such person or persons b discovered shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, over and ibove ail penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or prpprf xots of such tobacco or snuff shall be liable to; and it flhah be Excise ofi awfttl for the officer and officers of excise, and all other person ^r8foch idling in their aid, to' stop, afreft, and detain all and every the so*, before a >erfim and persons so discovered in such house, warehouse, magistrate, votkhouse, room, cellar, vault, or place, and convey him, her,

r them before open or more justice or justices of the peace for'he county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein

tick person or persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace respectively,

n confession of the party, or on proof, by the oath of one or*nore credible whness or witnesses, to convict the person and iersons so discovered as aforesaid; and each of the person or persons so convicted shall immediately on such conviction pay he ftid fom of thirty pound into the hands of the officer who wh^have conveyed such person or persons before such justice or jflkrs of tbr peace, to be applied in manner herein after dr' r -

t6z

who may commit them if the penalty be not paid.

Any person so offending a second time to forfeit 6ol.

Extffe officer, between 5 in the morning and XI in the evening, without a constable, and between XI in the evening and 5 in the morning, with a constable, may enter the housea of manufacturers of tobacco and snuff, and dealers thereto, and take stock.

In taking stock the manufacturer to be allowed the following credits. Credits.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [i

reded i and on any such person refufiogor neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the justice or justices so convictingis aforesaid shall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand gnd seal, or bands and seats, commit him or her to the hoofc 0? corrediqn for the said count;, riding, division, city, or 1'fhmr, respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to he reckoned from the day of such coo viction; and np person so committed shall be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or m 1 the expiration of the said six months; and in care any person to convicted shall be again discovered in any house, srarehoasc, workhouse, room, cellar, vault, or place where the cnanufadw ing of tobacco or snuff shall be so priyately carried on, affi&ng or any ways concerned in carrying on such private manufadotc of tobacco or Tnuff, the person (b again offending shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay for such second offence the sum of sixty pounds, and in default thereof shall be cotninrad to the house of correction, in manner aforesaid, thereto remun for and during the term of one year, or until the irnid sum or sixty pounds shall be paid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it ftull and out be lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any or either d them, from time to time, and at all times, between the boon of five in the morning and eleven in the evening, either with CC without a constable, or other officer of the peace, or between for hours of eleven in the evening, and five in die morning, with constable or other officer of the peace, to enter into all and even the houses, warehouses, workhouses, (bops, rooms, cefisn, vaults, and other places belonging to or made ufc of by in manufacturer or manufacturers of or dealer or dealers in tubxc? or snuff, and to take an account of the quantity and quality fall the tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks fortobies stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, reflectively, which shall at any time be in his, her, or their custody or possession.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That iti taking an sc count of the stock of all and every manufacturer and manufic turers of tobacco and snuff, all and every such manufacturer me manufacturers shall have a credit according to the fbllovk: proportions; (that is to fey),

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, which n manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco shall tnaoufadtat so Short cut tobacco, such manufacturer or manufacturers A have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred pounds-wcie£ of Short cut tobacco, tobacco stalks, and realms of tpbocooqwe foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of fetch sobtea so manufactured:

For every one hundredpou^wafob^of tobaceorwbfoh w such manufacturer or mapufadurersjm^lnao*6i£fer«t farfor tobacco, be, (lie, or they; (frail proper jsedit^nomersid

1789.] Anno vicesimo nbno gfiorgil HI. C 58. 763

infa^ihd^cd and five pdumlt weight of fhsg tobacco, to baceo (talks, aw<! returns of tobacco; and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such tobacco so manufactured:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco anti tobacco (talks, which fofch manufacturer or manufacturers shah manufacture for roll tobacco, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen pounds weight of'roll tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco; and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured:

For every one hundred pdondr weight of tobacco and tobacco (talks, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for carrot tobacco, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds weight of carrots, tobacco (talka, and returns <rf tobacco; and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured:

-'fore^ety one hundred pounds weight of tobacco (talks which manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for Spanijhi he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceed ingiome hundred pounds weight of spanl/b, and returns 5 and so in'proportion for any greater or less quantity of such tobacco ibdks so manufactured*-

evefy one hundred pounds weight of tobacco which such*or manufacturers of snuff shall manufacture for rappee fotrff, she, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen pounds weight of rappee fnuflf;

Mid so m proportion for any greater or left quantify of uchto feacdo so manufactured s

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco and tobacco (tote, such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture iar Scotch snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, notexcecding eighty five pounds weight of Scotch fnoff; and lb in proportion for any greater or less quantity of futh tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco andtobacco (hhu, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for brown 8cotcb snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty (founds weight of brown Scotch fnuflf, and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured:

'so*1 every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco (talks,

wmth filctr manufacturer or manufacturers (hill manufacture sir tobacco (talk flour, hebe, or they shall have a proper cre diyyndt exceeding ninety pounds Weight of tobacco (talk flour;

and(bin proportion for any greater or less quantity of tobacco flaifc* so ittanufaaored.

'add'ihrcafeany officer or officers bf Recife shall at any tftne dif Any excess in cbver1 or find in the flock Of any manufacturer or manufacturers to be

of eobacoo or foufpamy quantity of ftjott cut tobacco, fliag to deemed a Vot. XXXVI Etc bacco, quantity

764

brought in without permit,

If scale and weights are not kept for the use of the excise officer, or if they are not permitted to weigh tobacco, etc. the manufacturer or dealer to forfeit loot, and tool, if the feales or weights be false, etc.

Manufacturers and dealers toaffid the officers in taking accounts, on penalty of jol.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [1785.

bacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spanish, British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, brown Scotch snuff, tobacco (talk flour, or reiurnsof tobacco, greater than the credit herein before in that behalf allowed to such manufacturer or manufacturers, such Short cut tobacco, lhag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spwfa British rappee fnuts, Scotch snuff, brown Scotch snuff, tobacco stalk flour, and returns, respectively, so found in excess, shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the house, warehouk, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place made ue of by such manufacturer or manufacturers without giving notice thereof to the officer of excise under whose survey such manufacturer or manufacturers shall be, and without an authentid permit granted and given, according to the directions of this act

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in tobacca or snuff shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just feales and weights, at the place or places where he, she, or they shall and do keep, manufacture, or deal in respectively any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (bit flour, or snuff, and also permit and suffer any officer or officer of excise to use the same for the purpose of weighing and take; an account of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjh, tobacco (bib for tobacco folk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnu£ respectively, which shall at any time be in the possession of, feet manufacturer and manufacturers and dealer and dealers respectively: and if any such manufacturer or manufacturers, or deal: or dealers, shall neglect to give such feales and weights, or dtbc of them, or shall not permit or suffer any officer or officers«excise to use the same, he, she, or they shall, for each and evert such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and if aor such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fed in the weighing of any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjh, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco sell flour, or snuff, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to b made use of, any false, unjuff, or inefficient feales or weighs or shall practice any art, device or contrivance by which 2* such officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from takir the Jutland true weight of any such tobacco, tobacco ihiu Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, r bacco (talk flour, or snuff, then, and in every such case, sea manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall, t each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hun&si pounds, together with all such false, unjuff, or infuffidcac sob and weights respectively, and the same shall and may ie feiid by any officer or officers of excise.

C And be it further enacted, That all and every manufachrr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in tobacco or fed shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereof required by the officer or officers of excise. under whose fiirra he, she, or they shall then be, and without a sufficient number

7s9o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 765

T his, her, or their servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his,

er, or their power, such officer or officers in taking an account

1* all tobacco, tobacco stalks, spdrii/b> tobacco stalks for tobacco

alk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff respec

vely, of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or deal

rs, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refusal thereof,

le sum of fifty pounds.

CL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Officers notto iwful for any officer or officers of excise to weigh any tobacco, weigh^tobac abacco stalks, or fnulf work, whilst actually in the operation of oration", ex nanufacture, save and except such snuff work as any manufac Cept snuff' jrer or manufacturers of snuff shall intend to send out or receive work font out y permit,; anything herein before contained to the contrary °rreceived by n any wise notwithstanding. permi.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every manu unmanufac acturer and manufacturers of tobacco shall from time to time, jo^tobacco" nd at all times, keep all unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco in in operation, he state of operation, and manufactured tobacco, in his, her, and manufac r their custody or possession, separate and apart from each other, tured tobacco jpon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of fifty to b kept

)ounds. penalty of col.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to officer, to be and for all officers of excise, and all such officers are hereby au permitted to horised and empowered to take, at any time or times, a sample take sample

Dr samples of tobacco, tobacco stalks spanish, tobacco stalks for °* tobacco, tobacco stalk flour, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, from or out of the jam^on* any tobacco, tubacco stalks, spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco penalty o'f stalk flour, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, in the custody or pof iool. for re session of any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or snuff, paying for the same fif demanded) the value or usual price thereof; and in case any such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or samples as aforesaid, upon his or their so paying for the same (if demanded), or shall any wise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, so offending, shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every manu manufatur facturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in to kee^" bacco, shall from time to time keep an account of all tobacco accounts and tobacco stalks, which he, she, or they respectivety shall from tobacco, etc. time to time fell, send out, or consume, according to the de andsnuffs, in nominations thereof herein after specified; (that is to say) unh*jansler manufactured tobacco, tobacco stalks, Short cut tobacco, (hag fcribedtn" tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, spanish, and returns of books or pa tobacco, and shall every day enter into a book, or on a paper, pers, which to be kept for that purpose, an account of the quantities of the unmanufaflfured tobacco, tobacco stalks, Short cut tobacco, (hag excise office tobacco, roll tobacco, cafror tobacco, Spanish, and returns of tobacco, which shall hare been by him, her, or them sold, fente

C e 2 out,

766 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

[17$$.

out, or contained in the preceding day, in quantities erf four pounds weight or upwards; and all and every dealer and dealers in tobacco shall also every day enter into aneffher book, or on another paper, to be kept for that purpose, by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Sptmish^ and returns of tobacco, under the weight of four pounds, which shall have been by him, her, or them sold. Tent out, or contained in the preceding day, in quantities under four pounds weight: and that all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in snuff, shall also, from time to time, keep an account of all tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, which he, she, or they respectively shall from time to time fell, (end out, or consume, according to the denominations thereof herein after mentioned; (that is to say) unmanufactured tobacco, uamanufactured tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk floor, snuff wott for rappee (huff, snuff work for Scotch (huff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, British rappee snuff, Scotch (huff, brown Scofth snuff, tobacco (talk flour, and foreign snuff; and ttar every day enter into a book, or oh a paper, to be kept by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, toblrcco (talks for tobacco flail flour, (huff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for scouh fiaeff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, British jrappee (buff. Sestet snuff, brown Scotch snuff, tobacco (talk flour, and foreign (huff, which shall have been by him, her, or them sold, lent out, or con fumed in the preceding day, m quantities of two pounds weight or upwards*and all and every dealer and dealers io (buff shall also every day enter into another book, or on another paper, to be kept for that purpose by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the British rappee snuff, Scotch fiufl; brown Scotch snuff, and foreign snuff, which shall have been by him, her, or them sold, sent out, or contained, in the preceding day, in quantities under two pounds weight: which find books or papers reflectively shall be prepared for the making tad entries respectively as aforesaid, and delivered upon demand turn all such manufacturers and dealers respectively by the Cud respective commissioners of excise, or such person or persons*they the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of taea respectively, for the time being, shall for that purpose direct ad appoint.

Nomanofac CV Provided always, That no such manufacturer or mane terer or dealer fa&urters of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or (huff, shall ban thaifcm^such n her, or ^eir cu°ay or possession more than bbe fedt book or paper hook or paper of each fort at a time; and the said books at at the same papers shall, in case the entered premises of fetch manfefa&urc: time, which Qr manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, 16 whom the same tas turned tode* delivered, shall be fixate within the limits of the chief oftr officer ac of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinhtrg< herein director in any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market town.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68* 767

be several lv returned at the end of every six weeks; and in case ed.aml vcm the entered premises of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or fied 00 tb dealer or dealers, shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain, be severally returned at the end of every six months, or when the same respectively shall be filled up, which shall first happen, to the proper officers of excise in that behalf for the time beings and the truth of the entries made therein shall then be verified upon the oath of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, or his, her, or their servant or servantt, who kept the same, and made the entries therein, according to the bed of his, her, or their knowledge and belief; and when and so foonas any such book or books, paper or papers, shall be filled up, or sooner if the proper officer of excise ip that behalf shall demand the same, such book or books, or paper or papers respectively shall be returned to the proper officer of excise in that behalf for the time being, and the truth of the entries made therein shall then be verified upon the oath in manner aforesaid (which oaths such respective officers are hereby authorised to administer), and one or more new book or books, or paper or papers, shall be delivered to such respective manufacturers and dealers upon any such book or books, or paper or papers being so filled up or returned, in the room of such book or books, air paper or papers, so filled up, or returned, and so wits quotiest as often as such book or books, or paper or papers, shall be so filled up or returned; which said books or papers respectively so kept Such books or by such respective manufacturers and dealers, shall from time to {j^rfo°the time lie open for4he perusal and inspection of the officer and in^e&ion of officers of excise under whose survey such respective manufac the officer, turers and dealers shall then be; and that all and every such and to be filled manufacturer and manufacturers, and dealer and dealers, respect hl8 rc "tively, shall, immediately upon every request of the officer or officers of excise under whose survey such respective manufacturers and dealers shall then be, fill up. such book and books, and paper and papers, respectively, with the quantities by them (old, sent our, and consumed in each day, and up to the time of such request being so made: and.if any such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall neglect or refuse to keep any such book or books, ot paper or papers, respectively, or to mal; e such entries therein, or to permit the officer or officers of excise, under whose survey such respective manufacturers and dealers shall be, tp peruse or inspect the same, or any or either of them, or not return such book or books, or paper or papers, or any or either of them, or not fill up such book or books, or paper or papers, or any or either of theip, on request as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, or shall make for nedect in aay false entry therein, he, she, or Jbey shall, for each and every keeping such such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. books, etc.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or offi Any unfair cere of excise shall dispover or find any increase not legally ac txcefs in frock counted for in the stock or (locks of the unmanufactured to rifo"

t>acco, tobacco (talks, Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll to ao]a by thee

e e 3 bacco.

j68 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [i7?9. I r

manufedtorer bacco, carrot tobacco, Spanish, returns of tobacco tobacco stalks I or dealer. for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work For rappee snuff, Chaff work 1 { for Scotch snuff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, tobacco stalk flour, British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, brown Scotch (miff, or ] foreign snuff of any manufadhirer or manufacturers of, or drakr or dealers in tobacco or snuff, over and above the quantity of each respective sort or denomination which the officer of taafe found in such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers custody at the time of the last preceding survey upon tech manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fcich increase shall be deemed and taken to be made by a commodity for which no duty has been paid, and which had been pnvatdy brought in by such manufacturer or manufacturers or dcater or dealers, without permit, and so much of the said respective flock or flocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited; and a quantity, equal to the increased quantity, shall and may be seized and taken by any officer or officers of excise, from or oat of any part of the unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, flhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, feoff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch snuff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, tobacco stalk flour, British rappee snuff( ( snuff, brown Scotch snuff, or foreign snuff, as the case may I require, then in the custody or possession of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, in whose flock or flocks such increase shall be discovered or found; and such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, in whose flock lack increase shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. J

CVII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Scotch snuff. That where any Scotch snuff shall, from the moisture of theiir, in the custody have ga|ned and acquired, in the custody and possession of the urtr^orof manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, any increase of weight, dealers, not not exceeding the rate of five pounds weight in the hundred, having gained over and above the credit herein before allowed to such maxm thaq fadturer or manufacturers for or in respect of such Scotch snuff, iooib1 by^he Scotch snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair com vnoiflure of modify, and such manufacturer or mahufadturers shall be allow the air, to be ed credit for the same in flock, and also to remove the same by deemed a fair permit, notwithstanding such increase of weight; and also, where, co mmodity, any snuff shall, from the moisture of the air, have gained j and acquired, in the custody or possession of the dealer or dealers in snuff, who first purchased and received the same by permit from the manufacturer thereof, any increase of weight nor exceeding the rate of five pounds weight in the hundred, over and above the weight specififtd in such permit, such Scotch (huff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and such dealer or dealers shall be allowed credit for the same in flock, and also to remove the same by permit, notwithstanding such increase of weight; anything in this act contained to the costi ary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CVIII. M

L ?le

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 769

C VIII Andy to prevent any suck allowance from being made, over nd above what is granted by thi$ provisiy be it further enacted,

That all and every such manufacturer and manufacturers, and which snuff it dealer and dealers, shall keep all such Scotch snuff, on which any J*c^jom

such allowance shall be made, separate and apart from all other aifothersnuff, snuff in his, her, or their custody or posseflton, and shall from time and Shown toto time shew the same to the officer of excise under whose survey the officer.etc. he, she, or they shall be, upon demand, and declare at what time on Penalty of or times any such allowance shall have been made to him, her, or10*them, in respect of such snuff, and the amount of such allowance, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect dr refusal thereof.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any manufacturer or manufacture manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall remove, or cause to be ere removing removed, any tobacco or snuff from or out of his, her, or their fnuffbdbre entered warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or weighing, or other place, before the same has been weighed and taken an ac concealing it, count of by the officer or officers of excise undet whose survey to forfeit 501. he, she, or they shall be, according to the directions of this act, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed any tobacco or snuff from the sight and view of such officer or officers, such manufacturer or manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every fuclroffence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CX. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco (not being No tobacco, returns of tobacco) of four pounds weight or upwards, nor any ctc/ the snuff of two pounds weight or upwards, nor any tobacco (talks, the

Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobaccoitalks for tobacco (talk flour, removed from snuff work, or tobacco (talk flour, exceeding the quantity of two one part to hundred pounds weight, shall be removed or carried from any another part one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, by land or Some whhout by water, without being accompanied with a proper permit from a % rmit, on some or one of the officers of excise, granted according to the penalty of for. directions of this aq, on pain of forfeiting the tobacco, tobacco feiture,tc, fvalks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobaccoftalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff rrespectively, which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from any one part of thiskingdotir to any other part thereof, without such permit, together with the oaks or other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages used in such removal or carriage thereof; and the Amt respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That when any manufacturer Officer on re or manufacturers of, ot dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, questtogive doly licensed according to the directions of this act, shall have ^wmovah f occasion to remove any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco tobacco etc? stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stallo flour, or 1 snuff, from any such his, her, or their enttred house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, the officer qk officers of excise of the division or place where such entered

C e 4 houset

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [1789.

house, warehouse, workhouse, (bop, room, cellar, vault, or otter place, shall be situate, shall, without fee or reward, front lime n time, upon a request note being made and delivered according to the directions of this act, by such manufacturer or manofaasrcn, or dealer or dealers, grant and give a permit in writing, figoed by the said respective officer or officers, expressing the weight of all such tobacco, tobacco ftalka, Spavish, tobacco ftaiks nr tobacco stalk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk floor, and fouffte spectively, so to be removed, distinguuhing in fetch pi unit feck tobacco, tobacco ftalka, sps*j/k, tobacco ftalka fear tobacco flail flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and (buff, from each other, and also distingui thing the different kinds of tobacco, (buff work, and snuff respectively from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in the request note, aednsdtag to the directions of this act, and expressing the mim or names of the person or per font from wham the dune is intended to be removed, and the name or names of the person or personrto whom, and the place to which, the same is or areioteaded to be removed, and whether the (ameis or are intended to be removed by land or by water, and by what anode of conveyance the Came ts Permits to or are intended to be sent; and ail officen of exche granting or limit the time giving such permits Avail limit and eaprefe in such permits n orremo. fp^jy^jy the time within which such tobacco, tobacco flaks, Spanish, tobacco ftaiks for tobacco stalk flour, (huff work, tobacco stalk flour, of (huff, in sech permits respectively mentioned, flnq be removed from and out of the flock of the person or periods taking out fetch permits, and also the time within which the (hoc shall be deliveredand received into thehoofetywareboufee, wash houses, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, er other places of the person or petrous tafperaxelyto whom: the same is so permitted»be sent

tobacco, etc. be not delivered within the limited time, to be deemed a removed without permit.

CXII. And it is further enacted, That in case any tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, spam^/b, tobacco ftalka for tobacco stalk see, snuff work, tobaoco stalk flour, or (huff, mentioned or spedfid in any such permit, shall be removed or sent away from and oat of the house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place of the person or pedum to whom any sech paw shall be granted, within the time expressed and limited in feck permit, and such tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, Speuish, tobacco Adb for tobacco stalk flour, (miff work, tobacco stalk flour, or (oof, shall not within the time limited and expressed in such permit he actually delivered and received into the house, waiehooise, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place of the pevfaaer persona to whom the same is by feck permit authorised to te sent, then and in every such case all such tobacco, tobacco.(talks, spsni/l, tobacco ftaiks fear tobacco stalk flour, snuff wook, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, so removed or ient away as afontfiad, shall be deemed end taken to be tobacco, toi»eeo(blk % d^aajk

Permits not to be valid unless

tobacco ftaiks for toflkcoo stalk flour, snuff work, flour, or fnpff, removed without permit.

CXIII. And be it further cmfled* That no permit for tte

remove

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. ' 771

aval of any tobacco, tobacco Aalks, tobacco Aalks the requed obacco Aalk flour, fnoff work, tobacco Aalk Aour, or snuff,

I be granted or be valid unless the manufacturer or manu turers ordeal urers of, or dealer or dealer in, tobacco or (huff, requiring er contain same, shall make and send, or deliver to the proper officer or the particu*: e of estcifc* by ffiba&aothorised to grant such permit, a aeft note in wnnng, specifyinghts, her, or their own name ames, and also the name or names of the person or persons whoaa, and the place to which, such tobacco, tobacco Aalks, aa, tobacco Aalks for tobaoeo Aalk flour, friuff work, tobacco k Aoqr, or Atuff respectiveljr, is or are intended to be remov the weight of ah inch tobeeeo, tobacco Aalks, Spanish., to xo statka for tobacco Aalk flour, snuff work, tobacco Aalk or, and (stuff respectively intended to be removed, and for the nosal of which such permit is required, and also the number of j calks or other packages containing such tobacco, tobacco Iks, Spanish, tobacco Aalks for tobacco Aalk flour, (huff work, bacco Aalk flour, and snuff respectively, and whether the same [pedively are or is intended to be removed by land or by wir, and by what mode of conveyance the same reflectively are is intended to be removed and if it be manufactured tobacco hich i intended to be removed, whether 1 he same is ffiort cut baccp, fbag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, or returns of >bacco; and if it be snuff intended to be removed, whether the the ie British fouff or foreign fouff, or British (huff and foreign tuff mixed together; and if rhefewebe British snuff, whether le same is British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch tuff j and if the same be foreign (huff, die name by which the une is tnoa commonly calledaod, known and if the lame be Witish snuff and foreign (huff mixed together, of what sorts of tuff such mixture consists, and the weights of each such sorts espectively; and if k be unmanufactured tobaoeo which is in ended to be removed from the premises of any manufacturer of nanufacturers of tobacco to any mill, for the purpose of being ut, the purpose for which the same is so intended to be remov: d and if it be for the removal of any cat tobacco, cut by my cutter or cutters of tobacco for any other manufacturer or nanufacturers of tobacco, or returns of such cut tobacco, which is or are intended to be removed from the mill where such: ut tobacco shall have been so cut, back toebe premises of the manufacturer or manufacturere of tobacco from whence the unmanufactured tobacco cut into such cut tobacco, shall have been lent to such mill for the purpose aforesaid, that such cut tobacco or returns ia or are cut tobacco, and returns of such cut tobacco, returned by the cutter to the tobacco manufacturer, and the weight of such cut tobacco and returns respectively, and also the weight of the entire quantity of the unmanufactured tobacco from whence the same atofe, and the time when fbeh unmanufactured tobacco was received at such cutting mil) to be cut; and if they are tobacco Aalks for Spanish, which are intended to be removed from the premises of any manufacturer or manufactur

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [1789.

ers of tobacco, to any mill, for the purpose of being manufactured into spanish, the purpose for which the same are so intended be removed; and if it be for the removal of any Spamft>, manufactured by any spanish cutter or spanish cutters for any aether manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, or returns of furl spanish, which is or are intended to be removed from the raim where such spanish shall have been so manufactured, had to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, froa whence the tobacco (talks manufactured into such Spcmjb flu! have been sent to such mih, for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, that such spanish or returns is or are spanish, ary) reterra of such spanish, returned by the spanish cutter to the tobacw manufacturer, and the weights of such spanish and returns respectively, and also the weight of the entire quantity of thews bacco (talks from whence the same arose, and the time wha such tobacco (talks were received at such mill to be manufacture! into spanish; and if they are tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk for, which are intended to be removed froth the premises of any ms nufacturer or manufacturers of snuff to any snuff mill, fords: purpose of being ground imo tobacco (talk 'flour, the said p pose for which the same are so intended to be removed, the tin: when the tobacco (talks were laid down for such tobacco M flour, and the quantity of tobacco (talks so laid down; and if be for the removal of any tobacco (talk flour ground by anyfac! miller or snuff millers for any other manufacturer or mamrfa&p* ers of snuff, from the tmll where the same shall have been grotroi back to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturersc snuff from whence the tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk Burr ground into such tobacco (talk flour shall hate been sent to fa mill for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, that such tobxa (talk flour is tobacco (talk flour returned by the snuff milkn the snuff manufacturer, and the weight of such tobacco H flour, and also of the entire quantity of tobacco (talks for tobacr ltalk flour, from whence the same was ground, and also the tiz. when such tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour were received) such mill to be ground; and if it be snuff work which is mic& ed to be removed from the premises of any manufacturer ore? nufacturers of snuff to any mill for the purpose of being gran into snuff, the said purpose for which the same is so intended" be removed, the time when such snuff work was laid do«rn, rt whether such snuff work is snuff work for rappee snuff, fhs/ work for Scotch snuff, or snuff work for brown Scotch snuff & quantities of tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of toba& respectively laid down in each such kind of snuff work; and '4' be for the removal of any snuff ground by any snuff miller or fed millers for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of fni from the mill where the same shall have been ground, badi the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff tot whence the snuff work ground into such snuff shall have see sent to such mill for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, tat (flfh snuff is snuff returned by the (huff miller to the (buff

773

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

urer, the weight of such snuff, and also of the entire ity of snuff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch or snuff work for brown Scotch snuff respectively, from CC such snuff was ground, and the time when such snuff was received at such mill to be ground; and every permit Permits for i shall be granted for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco removal of, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff tobacco, etc.

tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, shall be made to correspond j al^particu*: spect to the particulars aforesaid, with the request note m with the" aeon the same shall be granted; and all tobacco, tobacco request note,

s, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff T the t

t, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively, which may b/felzed be removed contrary to any permit granted on any with the request note, or which shall be removed or carried caflci, C

er a description not conformable to this act, or under Jfe description, together with the casks or other pack; containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, boats, res, and other carriages used in the removal or carriage: eof, shall be forfeited and the same respectively shall and f be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; i if any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, acco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk ir, or snuff, removed under colour of any permit, shall be ied by virtue of or in pursuance of this actor if any action and if any 11 be brought by the owner or claimer of any such tobacco, action be >acco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for to brought for: co (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, thereof^th^ linft any officer or officers of the customs or excise, or any proof shall lie rfon acting in his or their assistance for such seizure of any on the owner,: h tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, to by the icco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk

)ur, or snuff, the proof of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish* of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff ork, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, being such tobacco, tobacco alks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco alk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, as is or are lentioned in such permit (although such tobacco, tobacco alks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, shall appear o have been kept in the officer's books or account of the flock rom whence such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of obacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, to )acco (talk flour, or snuff, was or were removed, by the denomination specified in such permit) shall lie upon the owner or claimer thereof by the oaths of two credible witnesses, being skilful and experienced persons competent to decide by inspec tien and examination thereof,

CXIV. Provided always nevertheless and be it further Permitsnotto enacted, That no permit shall be granted or be valid for the re be valid for inoval of any unmanufactured tobacco (other than samples dc t!*c removal 4iwcd out of the warehouse in manner herein before mentioned)

bacco from

774 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [1789.

ofie pant to ed) from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, another of the except in the same hogshead, calk, chest, or case in which dx of atto br^amc was'cleared and delivered from and oat of the warehoofc kart to in which the same was deposited, lodged, and fecarcd, accord becco*ftalka, ing to the directions of this act, with the same marks and mia «tc. but on bers which were on such boglhead, calk, chest, or case, at the htionir herein'n, e ^uc* c*earan^« and delivery; nor for the remoral of any

particulariz unmanufactured tobacco (other than such samples) after the CD same has been previously twice removed, (that is to say) met

from the warehouse in which the same shall have been depot ed, lodged, and recured according to the directions of this3, and once more from the frock of the manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco, to whom the hate shall be permitted, directly from such warehouse to the frock forne other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco; nor fa the removal of any cut tobacco, cut by any cutter or cutters a tobacco for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, from the mill where the same shall have been (6 cat u any other place, except back to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from whence the unman factured tobacco cut into such cut tobacco shall have been pa mitted and font to such cutting mill for the purpose of being e cut, or in any quantity except the entire quantity of cut tobies cut from the whole quantity of such unmanufactured tobacco, so permitted and Tent to such cutting mih for the purpose a being fb.cut, or without the whole of the returns arising therefrom accompanying the lame, or with any other process or operation, except the pressing and cutting thereof, having been performed thereon; nor for the removal of aoy tobacco ftalb, spanish* or tobacco fralk flour, from any part of this kingdcc to any other part thereof, in the quantity of two hundred pound weight, or under, of tobacco stalks, spanish* or tobacco flat flour, respectively t nor for the removal gif any mans

factured by any spanish cutter or gutters for any oebe

manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, from the mill whs: the same shall have been so manufactured to any other plaa, except back to the premises of the manufacturer or manunds ers of tobacco from whence the tobacco (talks manufactured k to such spanish shall have been permitted and feat to such u for the purpose of being manufactured into nor in act

quantity, except the entire quantity of manufacture

from the whole quantity of such tobacco stalks received by bad spanish cutter or spanish cutters for the purpose of being so an nufactured, or without the whole of the returns arising therefrom accompanying the same; nor for the removal of any s bacco (talk flour or snuff, ground by any (fluff miller or tad millers for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of fed from the mill where the same respectively shall have been Cj ground to any other place, except back to the premises of other manufacturer or manufacturers, from whence the tefaaco talks far tobacco fralk flour or (fluff work, ground hate fcc:

t0b3c.ii

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 77#

xo stalk flour or snuff, shall have been permitted and Tent ich mill, nor in any quantity less than two hundred pounds or the entire quantity of tobacco stalk flour and snuff lively ground from the whole quantity of such tobacco: s for tobacco stalk flour and snuff work respectively, received och snuff miller or snuff millers for the purpose of being and into tobacco stalk flour or snuff respectively, or with any er process or operation, except the grinding thereof respect ly, having been performed thereon respectively: and if any if to nanufactured tobacco, other than such samples as aforesaid, r^ovedamk 11 be removed or carried, by land or by water, from any part of trary hereto,

5 kingdom to any other part thereof, except in the same hogs it may be td, cask, chest, or case in which the same was cleared and dell ed as aforesaid, with the same marks and numbers as aforesaid^an reon (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for officer of the h removal thereof;,) or if any unmanufactured tobacco, after customs or: same has been previously twice removed as aforesaid, shall be excise. lin removed or carried, by land or by water, from any part of s kingdom to any other part thereof (whether a permit shall or all not have been granted for such removal thereof;,) or if any t tobacco, cut by any cutter or cutters of tobacco for any other anufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, shall be removed or rried, by land or by water, from the mill where the same all have been so cut to any other place, except back to the emifes of such other manufacturer or manufacturers of to tcco, from whence the unmanufactured tobacco cut into such it tobacco shall have been permitted and seat to such mill, for le purpose of tying so cut, or in any quantity, except the entire uantity of cut tobacco cut from the whole quantity of such nmanufactured tobacco so permitted and sent to such mill for ac purpose of being so cut, or without the whole of the returns rising therefrom accompanying the same, or with any other rocefs or operation, except the pressing and cutting thereof, laving been performed thereon (whether a permit shall or shall lot have been granted for such removal thereof;,) or if any to >acco (talks, Spanish, or tobacco stalk flour, shall be removed or arned, by land or by water, from any part of this kingdom to iny other part thereof, in the quantity of two hundred pounds weight or under (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for such removal thereof;,) or if any Spanish, manufactured by any Spanish cutter or Spanish cutters for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, from the mill where the same shall have been so manufactured to any other place, except back to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from whence the tobacco (talks manufactured into such spa mjb shall have been permitted and sent to such mill, for the purpose of being manufactured into Spanish, or in any quantity, except the entire quantity of Spanish manufactured from the whole quantity of such tobacco (talks received by such Spanish cutter or Spanish cutters for the purpose of being so manufactures

r

*776

Manufacturers may finish tobacco, or dry snuff at mills, if the officer take an account of the lame.

Permits not to be for more than the quantity after the tobacco is finiftied, and the snuff work dried

If tobacco, etc. be not removed agreeable to permits, they must be returned before the expiration of the time limited

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

[178$.

ed, or without the whole of the returns arising therefrom accompanying the same (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for such removal thereof;,) or if any tobacco flak flour, or snuff, ground by any snuff miller or snuff millers for anj other manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, from the mill where the same shall have been so ground to any other place, except back to the premises of such other manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff from whence the tobacco (talk flour or snuff work respectively, ground into such tobacco (talk flour, or snuff respectively, shall have been permitted and lent to such mill, for the purpose of being so ground, or in any quantity less than two hundred pounds weight, or the entire quantity of tobacco (talk flour and (huff respectively ground from the whole quantity of such tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour or snuff work respectivelj, received by such snuff miller or snuff millers for the purpose of being so ground into tobacco (talk flour or snuff respectively, or with any other process or operation, except the mere grinding thereof, respectively, having been performed thereon respectively (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for fact removal thereof;,) all such unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, and o; ber packages, containing the same respectively, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages used in such removal or carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

CXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftraed to extend, to prevent any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fauff from (loving or finishing tobacco, or drying snuff work, at anj cutting mill or snuff mill, provided that the proper officer or officers of excise shall have liberty, and be allowed to weigh and take an account of such tobacco or snuff work, after such tobacco shall have been (toyed or finished, or such snuff work shall have been dried: and provided also. That such manufacturer or manufacturers shall not be entitled to or receive a permit or permits for the removal of.any greater quantity of manufactured tobacco or snuff, than the weight of such tobacco or snuff work respectively, after such tobacco shall have been so (toyed or finished, or such snuff work shall have been so dried.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any permit or permits shall be granted by any officer or officers of excise to any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco flafc, spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (bit flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, and if within the time limited by such permit or permits respectively for that purpose, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, to or

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6 & 777

for whom such permit or permits shall be so granted, shall not for removal, either actually and really send away all the tobacco, tobacco ?ni>icntailt3r °* talks, Spanish returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco va^of the talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, by such tobacco, etc. permit or permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the; rue intent and meaning of such permit or permits, or in default of so sending away such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, xturns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for, tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, shall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit and permits espectively for the removal of such tobacco, tobacco (talks,

Spanish) returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk Sour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, from and out of: he flock of the person or persons taking out such permit or permits, return such permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective case and cases, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or lealers, to whom such permit or permits, or for whose use such )ermit or permits shall have been granted, (hal), for all such*tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, ind snuff respectively mentioned in such permit or permits, and lot removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit treble the ralue of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively, to be estimated according to the bed and highest rate or price which tobacco, tobacco talks, Spanish) returnrof tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk lour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively,

f the belt quality of that kind, shall be worth in London at the ime when such forfeitures shall be incurred; and if such permit er ad snot f >ermit$ shall not be so returned as aforesaid, and in case in taking in account by arty officer or officers of excise, of the (lock of to a >acco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks creafedoes or tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, re not appear to naming in the flock of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or ^ent^of lealer or dealers, from or out of whose flock the tobacco, tobacco permits, a talks, Spanish) returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk like quantity lour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, mentioned in such may be feix >ermit or permits, shall be thereby authorised to be removed, CD here shall not appear a sufficient decrease to answer the removal of he tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanifi» returns of tobacco, tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or huff respectively, mentioned in fuc^ perpait or peomirs respectively then and in such case the respective manufacturer or nanufaaujrers, or dealer or dealers, from or out of whose flock ueb tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish returns of tobacco, tobaccd talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobpcco (talk flour, or nuff respectively, mentioned in fqch permit or permits shall be uthonfed to be removed, shall forfeit the Jike quantities of to >acco, tobacco'(talks, spanij}*, returns of tobacco tobacco Stalks o*- - 'for

778 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. [1789.

for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flobryirtjfmff respectively, so permitted to be removed, 'and not rtfnbvetfic cerding to such permission, to be feised and taken by the officer of excise, or any or either of them, out of any tobacco, tobacco (talk, Spamish, returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco'stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or frraff, of Ac denomination given in such permit or permitto the tobacco, tobacco stalks, spmish, return of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, fb authorised to be removed, and then in the custody or possession of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, forfeiting the lame.

manufc£tar CXVII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That 00 manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, not being asso a seajer»*not dealer or dealer in tobacco, duly licensed as such according to to fend'out the directions of this act, shall be entitled to any permit for, or manufactured shall sell or send out any manufactured tobacco, Spamjby or re tobacco, etc. turns of tobacco, less in quantity than four pounds weight; nor theqoantitiet y nwnufadurer or manufacturers of snuff, not being afe neran sped*or dealers in (huff, duly licensed as such seconding is fied, on pc the directions of this act, be entitled to any permit for, or dell natty of sot sell or send out any (huff left in quantity than two poinds - weight; and if any fitch manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, not being alifo a dealer or dealer in tobacco, duly licensed as such as aforesaid, shall sell or send out any manunfturd tobacco, spmujb, or returns of tobacco, less in quantity than four pounds weight; or if any such manufacturer or manufacturersot (huff, not being also a dealer or deader in snuff, duly licensed as such as aforesaid, shall sell or send out any snuff less in quantity than two pounds weight: every (beh manufacturer or maeflfx tarers lb offending shall, for each and every such offence ftfcfck the sum of twenty pounds.

No tobacco, CXVIII And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, to brauebttato ^, cco Sptnish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk floor,

any house, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be brought into etc. of a ma any house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, ot nufacturer or other place, made use of by any manufacturer or 'mans out rpermit" ^aurers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or (huff, without on penalty of first giving notice thereof to the officer of esccife under wheft it forfeiture, survey such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer orded with the calk, erg, shall then be, and without an authentic permit grated wethetijue, 0^ given according to the directions of this act, being pruned of the to aid with the officer of excise under whole survey fed Ipcco, etc. manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers. Hum then be, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Sptip tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, (naff work, tobaetbflrt flour, and snuff respectively, lo brought in without such Mtis, or without such permit, together with the calks aid otheryad ages containing the (knee; and such tobacco, tobadeb db, spa*ish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, foeff hrott^to* baccoftalk flour, and snuff respectively, together Niththe calk) or

' other

8 9-3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

779

ier packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by y officer qt officers of excise; and the manufaaurer or ma ia&urers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, into lofc house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, other place, any such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco Iks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or uff* shall be so brought, shall forfeit treble the value of such bacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk mr snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff respectively, to be binuated according to the hest and highest price which tobacco, bacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, uflf Work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be worth or shall 11 for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be in jrrod.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, tobacco No tobacco, alks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, e rc ">bacco stalk flour, or (huff, shall at any time (five as herein ^yvpiace°m her is mentioned) be removed or carried from any part of this without the ingdoro, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mor limits of the dity, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any place b51!9 mor." rithin the said limits; nor shall any tobacco, tobacco stalks, office^lon pamjb, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, to don, to any acco stalk flour, or snuff (save as hdrein after is mentioned) be place within amoved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not within hose limits $ he limits of either of the ports first herein before enumerated, o any place within the limits of either of the port first herein the limits of lefore enumerated, or within two miles thereof; and if any to the ports >acco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk herein bbefore lour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be Found enumerated, emoving or carrying, or removed or carried contrary to the within or rue intent and meaning hereof, whether with or without per within two nit, the same, together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, and miles of those >ackages respectively containing the same, and also the veffds on ind boats, and the horsesand other cattle, carts, or other carriages forfeiture employed in removing the time, shall be forfeited, and may be with the*eized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise. caflts, CC

CXX. Provided always, That no &panish> which shall have but not to scerv m?nufactured by any Spanish cutter from tobacco stalks extend to the received by him, accompanied with a legal permit, from any 1^1 removal atlw manjufaaurejr of tobacco, for the purpafe only of manu le ^eacin ea&uring the same into spanish^for or uv account of such other specifkd, tnanufaaurer, nor of any cut. tobacco which fturfl have been cut ty, any cutter of tobacco from tobacco received by him, ac

s^mpanied with a legal permit, from any other mantifoaurer of \ ob^coo, for the purpose only of cutting the same for or On ac w>ui^of suchoaher maimfiaaaror, nor any tobacco stalk flour which stall have been ground i>y any snuff miller from tobacco qam^rweeived by him, accompanied witlva4egal permit, from apy other manufcaurer of fnuftvfor ehc purpose only*of grinding into tobacco stalk flour, forrorxx\ dccuiurtl offbch other ma uufaaoret of fnpff, nor yo which (bitt havd been grdond, Vol. XXXVI Fff by

yio Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$.

by any (buff miller from any fmiff work received by him accompanied with a legal permit, from any other manufacturer of snuff, for the purpose only of grinding the same into (huff, for or on account of such other manufacturer, nor any bogfbead, calk, chest, or package, containing any such spanish, cut tobacco tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, or the vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or other carriage employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited for or by reason of the return of any such Spcmjby cot tobacco, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, by any such sp*r/b cutter or snuff miller, from his entered mill situate at any part of this kingdom, not within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, or from any part of this kingdom not within the limits of either of the ports first herein before enumerated, to the entered premises of the manufacturer of tobacco or snuff, from whence such tobacco, tobacto stalks, or snuff work respectively, were or was received for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, situate at any place within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, or at any place within the limits of either of the said ports, or within two miles thereof, provided that such Spanish, cut tobacco, tobacco folk flour, or snuff, shall be fore turned, accompanied with a permit, according to the directions I of this a; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. or of fnoff CXXI Provided also, That nothing herein before contained fcrf^yth€ 01811 extend> or be deemed or construed to extend, to make it manuta urer. un]awfuj for ady manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff to send for sale, by permit granted according to the directions of this act, any (nuff manufactured by him, her, or them, from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof; anything here in before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Manufactur CXXII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any era or dealers manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in to tobacco'oif1 bacco or snuff, who shall have received into his, her, or their snuff received dock any tobacco or snuff removed according to the directtont into their of this act, accompanied with a legal permit, shall see cause to ftoc*» to the return, the same to the person or persons from whom he (be*or whom^y"1 bey rcc^ved the same, then and in every such case such raapa received it, facturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall be at liberty under the re within forty-eight hours after he, she, or they shall bavere gulations^ceived the same tobacco or snuff into his, her, or their (lock, id*herein ipcci give twcive hours notice in writing to the officer of excise under9whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, of his, her, or thar i

intention to return such tobacco or snuff, and shall in such notice express the true.cause and occasioft for returning the same; and such officer shall, and is hereby required to attend, and examine such tobacco or snuff; and when and so soon as suchoc cer shall have examined the same, and taken an account bftbt quantity and quality thereof, such manufacturer or manufcs&br ers, or dealer or dealers, shall forthwith, in the prefenct of /ud

officer,

{/I Anno vicesimo'noiiogtoroillll. C. 68i*781

omcer^ repack such tobacco or snuff, and shall immediately; of within half an hour after the coming of the said officer, and in the presence of the said officer, write on the outside of the package in which the tobacco or snuff so intended to be returned (halt be, in large legible characters, as well his, her, or their own christian and surname, or the known name of his, her, or theft firm, as also the christian and surname of the person or persons, or the known name of the firm or company from whosei (lock the same tobacco or snuff was received, and likewise th

words, Returned Tobacco, or snuff'd as the case may require; and such officer shall thereupon underwrite on the package his own christian and surname, and mark the said package with some or number; and then, and not before, the proper officer ofextife shall grant a permit to accompany such tobacco or snuff so totbe returned, in which permit shall be ekpressed the quantity and quality of the tobacco, or snuff so to be returned, the cause nd occasion of returning the same, the mark or number put bri the package, the christian and surnames both of the person or persons from whose stock such tobacco or snuff is removed, and of the person or persons to whom the same is to be returned, and also the time for which such permit shall be in force; and if any such tobacco or snuff be found returned, or in but if found; art returned or returning, without such permit as aforesaid ac "turned or: ompanying the same, or if such tobacco or snuff be found re urn&d, or in part returned, or returning, to any other person mit, kc.may ar persons than the person or persons from whom such tobacco be seized,

r Inuff had been first received, or if the tobacco or snuff re an<l^ic*5^ urned, or in part returned, or returning, with such permit as to ftwtcu 5*iforesaid, be not the identical tobacco or snuff which had been*eceived as aforesaid, without any addition to, substraflion from,

r alteration of the same, then, and in each and every such case, uch tobacco or snuff, with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases,

nd packages whatsoever containing the same, shall be forfeited, ind the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer

officers of the customs or excise, ind the person or persons eturning the same, contrary to the true intent and meaning of his proviso, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco of If four lb. our pounds weight, or upwards, or any snuff, of two pounds f tobacco or weight, or upwards, or any tobacco stalks, span\jh % tobacco two lb. of alks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, or tobacco stalk flour, snuff or up lau be found removing or carrying from any one part of this ward, dr any ingjdom to any other part thereof, unless af such times as erein after mentioned, (that is to say), from the twenty-ninth^foundve ay Of September to the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, between moving from Hours of fever in the morning and five in the evening, andfirom one part of id twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty ninth day of Septepib& th€ kingdom early, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the p°r*d^cept vemhg (except the same is removing or carrying by a known com at the time lohftage chach, wagon or other stage carriage, which ufbally herein sped

avtl odt of those hours, or by water, by a ship vessel, or boat, to be'Wf/ forfeited wish'

'ufua, 1> theca(k, CC

?8a

If any person without a permit, or if any hawker with a permit, shall offer any tobacco. See. for sale, he shall forfeit it, with the packages, and also act.

and the per font to whom It is offered may detain it, and bring the parties before a justice, See.

and they shall be entitled to the lame rewards as officers of the customi or excise.

cotwtnffton ers of the customs and excise may cause three,

vjwfttw popa Georgii III. c. 6$.

[178

Usually levigated, in the fair course of trade, out of those hours) all inch tobaccp, tobacco (talks, Sfxwish, tobacco (talks for tobacco ll^lk flour, fouff work, tobacco (talk flour, and (buff rfe* (jpe&ivdy, together with the boglheads, ca(k$, chests, cases, and packages the same (whether the same be accompanied

with a permit or not) and all*boats, carts, carriages, horse and cattle, made ufo of in the removing or carrying the same, (full be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the curtains or excise.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any pfrfon or

Serforu shall offer any tobacco, tobacco (talks, spaai/k? tobacco alks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or lnuff, to falc, not having a permit for the same, or if any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and trading either on foot or with any horse or hories, or other cattle, or otherwise, shall offer any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco fttfk* far tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco folk flour, or snuff, to sale, although such hawker, pedlar, or trading person or persons, shall have a permit for the same, such person or persons, hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person or persons shall forfeit all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, §pamjb, tobaepo (talks for tobacco (talk Sour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, together with the packages containing the same respectively, and also the sum of twenty pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for ail and every the person and persons to whom the same shall be so offered to sale, to (top, arrest, seize, and detain all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijbr tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk floor, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, snuff, and packages, and carry the same respectively to the next warehouse belonging to the customs or c*cife, and to bring the person and persons Tb offering tl\c same to sale before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall thereupon commit such person and persons so brought before him to prison, that such person and persons may be prosecuted for such penalty incurred for such offence; and such tobacco, tobacco (talk, s, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco fialk flour, and (buff, shall and may be prosecuted in the like manner as if the same had been seized by any officer of the customs or excise;fter the condemnation thereof, and commitment of the offender or offenders, the person or persons so seizing the same as aforesaid shall be entitled to the same rewards, in every respe^vas any officer or officers of the customs or excise would have beta entitled to, if such seizure had been made by any fu: h officer or officers, and the said of of the customs and a cife respectively, shall pay, or cause the same to be paid accordingly; and in Case such person or persons so seizing any fact tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish? tobacco (talks for tobacco (bft flour, snuff wofk, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, shall <iefire it, the said respective cptpmissioners shall, In the rircan rhyme, tili 0.....?*1 ibz

i by

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. t. 6& % ^83

the same can be sold or disposed of atcbvding ttx the tfieitfbnspence for 6f tt>is i<fi cause threepence for every pburid of tobacco, bbc, b co, stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks sot tobaccb stalk flout, frhfff" prized0' wprk, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, so seized, to be paid 6r tfd be paid, till yarited to such person or persons, upon a certificate under tiife it can bt dif hand and seal of such justice or justices, of such offender or of Polctl °*>ctc# fenders being chihinitted to prison; and after the false of rt&h tobacco, tobaccb stalks, spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco ftalfc flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or fmiff (if the same frail be sold), the ttiofiies so paid or advanced frail be replaced but of the produce of such sale.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any pirfdh or Persont forg persons tohatsoever frail counterfeit of fdtge, Or cause or protute inb pits, to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the removal Of any or €1

tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spariish, returns bf tobacco, tobacco*stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobaccb stalk flour, or snuff, from any part of this kingdom to any othfcr part thereof, and for the removal of which a permit is fey this act required; bris any person or persons frail kriowingly or willingly give any false or untrue permit for such removal cf tbbadeo, tobacco stalks Spanishr returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, of frail, knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, retutns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk stour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, removed, or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons frail fraudulently alter or erase any such permit, after the same frail have been given or granted. by the proper officer or officers of excise; or if arty person or persons frail knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any.

such permit so corirtterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every person or persons so offending frail, for each ahd*every such offence, severally forfeit the sum of fivfe hundred pounds.

cxxvl. And be it further enacted, That upon every action, and on every bill, plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his Maj, on for jesty's courts of record at wef.minster^ or court of exchequer ih^defend Scotland, for the said penalty of five hundred pounds, a Capiat in ants shallpive the first process dial I or may issue, specifying such periahy; and fuiftcient bail, the defendant or defendants shall be obliged VO give sufficient bail, by natural born subjects, persons naturalised, or deriizehfc, to the person or persons to whom such Capias shall be dir'c&ed, to appear in the court out of which such Capias frail iflife, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such soit qr prosecution, and frail likewise, at the time of such appearance, give*iutecierit bail or security in the raid court, to $nfw'efarid pay such penalty or penalties of five hundred pounds, in Case he,

(be, or they shaft be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison.

cxxvli. And be it further enacted, That upon the expor On exporta tation of any ih6rt cut tobacco, frag tobaec'0, toll tobkeeb, 'and hon of any

F f f o., rraf ott cut to

carrot bacco, etc.

784 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

[78

manufactured carrot tobacco, respectively maruifactured at either of the pert at any of the ffrft herein before enumerated, or within two miles thereof, before enu" from tobacco which shall be delivered for home trade, edrtfomp merated, or tien, or tnanufacture, out of the warehouse or warfchouse in within two which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and fecuted^ accord

mi, CS*"*810 directions of this act, and exported as merchandise bey*oiid*so, any the p°rts herein before enumerated, by the

except Faro licensed manufacturer or manufacturers who manufactured the and Ferro, same, to any port or place beyond the seas, except the iflinds tu: rejdake aro tn under and subject to the rules, regulations,

customdraw restrictions, and provisions herein after mentioned, over and backs follow besides such of the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions ing, via. as are not repugnant to this at, and are now commonly practised or enforced by the officers of the customs upon the exportation of manufactured tobacco, in order to obtain the drawback or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof, there shall be paid and allowed, in the same manner as the custom drawbacks upon the exportation, of manufactured tobacco are now paid and allowed, the several custom drawbacks herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every lb. of Short cut, 6d.

For every lb. of (bag. 6d. For every lb. of roll, 6d.

For every lb. of carrot, 6d.

For every pound weight of such Short cut tobacco so exported, a custom drawback of sixpence:

For every pound weight of such (hag tobacco so exported, a custom drawback of sixpence:

For every pound weight of such roll tobacco so exported, a custom drawback of sixpence:

And for every pound weight of such carrot tobacco fb exported, a custom drawback of sixpence.

ut?onc*obe CXXVIII And be it further enacted, That such exportation under the f such Short cut tobacco, (hae tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot rules herein tobacco, respectively so manufactured and exported as aforesaid, prescribed, as shall be under and subject to the rules, regulations, restrictiom, 1evnowc an provisi°ns herein after mentioned and prescribed (over and practised on besides such of the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions the exports as are not repugnant to this act, and are now commonly practised tien of manu or enforced by the officers of the customs upon the exportation factured to of manufactured tobacco, in order to obtain the drawback or acco* drawbacks upon the exportation thereof), that is to say, such

; manufacturer or manufacturers intending to ship and expect

any such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, respectively, shall, when any such Short cut tobacco (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco is intended '*0 be packed up for exportation, give six hours notice in Writing, ia case such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, rdh4obadc6, 06r carrot tobacco is intended to be packed up within the limit of the chief office of excise in London, and twelve hour rrotfce hi writing, in case such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, ro!p tobacco or carrot tobacco is intended so to be packed up hi any > place put of (ho hud limits, in Great Brit, erf his, her, or their in -- tentioa

npo^csimo nonogjsqkgjilfl C 68. 785

tenfi^a to Aip stich, Short cot. tobacco, (hag tobacco, rofl to^ftcoj or ca, rrot tobacco for exppfution, and ofltht time and place when and where the same is intended to be packed ujv, and of the enumerated pert from whence the same is intended u*be exported to the proper officer or officers of extile, and of the pqrt or place to which the same isrintended to be exported, and of the quantity thereof, respectively, fa to be shipped and exported; and fuel) officer, or officers shall attend to see such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, respectively, packed up for exportation, and the same reflectively shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such Seals or marks, and in the manner, as the said re fuective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, shall from time to time direct; apd the officer or officers of excise who shall have seen such manufactured tobacco packed up, shall weigh and take an account of the quantity of such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobaccp, and carrot tobacco, respectively, fa intended to be exported, and such officer or officers shall make, a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such respective of of ex cif$, or the major part, of them, to receive the same Act such of the ports 'first, hergin before enumerated, and also to the searcher or searchers of the customs at spefe port, from which such Short cut tobacco, .(hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, re fpofliyely are Intended to be exported; and such manufacturer or manufacturers intending to ship any such Short cut tobacco,

(h^g, tobacco, roh tobacco, or carrot tobacco, for such exportation, (halfgiye six hours notice, in writing, wixbin the.limits if the said chief office, and tw^lmc hours notice in writing in 9fl}«j; places in Gnat Britajy, of tp time and place of shipping'

such Short cut tp^cco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, respectively, unto such; officer or officers of.excise of*thp place where the same shallshipped* and of the name of the ship or vefleun which the fciftc is, respectively intended to be ibipped and exposed, and of the matter, qr other person having or taking the o}iargp of command thereof, / and of the particular port or place to whi^h such Short cut tobacco* (hag tobacco, roll t^ba^coj and carrotf tobacco respeffiwdy arc. intended to be exported, and of the quantity thereof respectively so to be shipped, and exported: and if any such Short cut tobacco ants ifarty (bag tobacco,roll tobaccp, pr carrot tobacco, so intended no be tobacco For pasfcejdup for expprtation, shall opt be begun to be so packed nstbe up, or if any suchfhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, begun to be or carrot tobaocq, so intended to be exported, shall not be packed up, or oegun to be shipped, at the respective time mentioned for the p»pped, with e(pqchve purposes aforesaid, in (hch nodow aforesaid, pr within o "the time )northeast hour after such respecti^e times then such respective notices specified in shall be void, and the like respective notices in writing shall be the notice, a igaux given unto speh officer or officers, previous to the packing ^ih f?tice ip of ch Short cut toba<; cq» shag; tobaccp, roll tobacco or car mua be^lvca*

F f f 4 rot

786

Short cut tobacco

and Spanisti, manufactured in

Anno vicesimo mono Gfofcan UL C fa, [178$; tot tobacco, for exportation, or previous to the shipping cf any such Short cut tobacco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco or cam tobacco for exportation, as the case may require.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Short cut tobacco, and Spanish, manufactured in Great br*m

_ _ and mixed together as herein after mentioned for exportation.

Great Britain, shall, for the purpose of exportation, be deemed and taken to be and mixed Short cut tobacco within the meaning of this and there shall for exports pajd ancj an0wc(j upon the exportation thereof the same allowed the drawback as is by this at granted or payable for or in respect of same draw Short cut tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported back as Short as aforesaid, provided the weight of the whole quantity of the cut tobacco, ftjort cut lobacco entered at one and the same time, by one itid the same person, for such exportation shall equal or exceed foot times the weight of such Spanish; and such Short cut tobacco, and Spanish, respectively, shall be sevendly and Separately weighed by the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco intending to export the same, in the presence of such proper officer or officers of excise, and such Spanish shall, immediately after such weighing, be mixed with such Short cut tobacco, or some part thereof, in the presence of such proper officer or officers, and immediately after such mixing shall be packed up fdr exportation, and shipped and exported, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions hereinbefore prescribed with respect to shortcut tobacco (hag tobacco, roll tobacco and carrot tobacco for exportation;and if in any mixture of Short cut tobacco and Spanish for ertj>ortation, the mm 01 me Spanish Contained in the whole quantity of Short put tobacco, whole! it flail enured at one and the same time, by one and the same person, be forfeited, for such exportation, shall be More than one fifth part of tfc weight of such whole quantity of (hdrt cut tobacco, the whole d such Short cut tqtpcco and Spanish, together with the hog(bea6, calks, chests, calls, and packages whatsoever, containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the same re£pc£kively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or eatcife.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, save and except the proper officer of excise at the enumerated port of exportation, shall open any such pacte after the faiufc shall have bedn'fd secured and sealed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully destroy, damage, or deface fetch seal or mart every such person or persons so offending Qali, for every foefe offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXXXI. And be it fuhher enacted, That no drawback ftj be allowed for any manufactured tobatcowhich is or shall be mixed with rubbish or dirt, of any other Ingredients, matter g thing whatsoever, not neceflaryor usual irt the Manufadurk thereof; and every person who shall enter ot ship !for exportation or cause to be entered or shipped for exportation, any man factured tobacco mixed With rubbish or dirt, or with feny oath ingredients, matter or thing whatsoever, qr who shall enter act

provided the weight of the Short cut entered at once for exportation shall equal times the weight of the Spanisti, etc.

but if the Spanish shall exceed one fifth of the

with the packages.

If any person, but the proper of hcer, shall open any sealed package, etc, he shall forfeit 50).

pehbns entering for exportation

tobacco m Sard with rubbish, etc. to forfeit the same, with the packager,

very «jkfor thldslar exj>orttiion as tobacco, #hjcfr o^oq examination to

an

Ahttii vicesimo riono Georgii IIIl. C 6$. ysf

>ibt?6r. or officers of the customs or excise, shall appear not!

; % c*bacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof

Forfeit all such goods, and the hogsheads, cases, chests,

'aid other packages containing the same, and also the fuin hundred pounds for every hogshead, case, chest, case, or r jacfeage thereof.

xxxlf. And be it further enacted, That if any roll tobac Roll orcar. of ^xportafipn shall be found to contain more than ten Jot tobacco ids weight of water or ingredients, other than tobacco, for jfo^costate y one hundred pounds weight, or if any carrot tobacco for, \ng more illation shall be found to contain more than twenty pound than the rht of water or ingredients, other than tobacco, for every j>ne qualities idred pounds height of, such roll tobacco or carrot tqbaccp ^ofvatcr* ectively, then all fych Toll tobacco and carrot tobacco recte. tobd:* lively tttall be forfeited, and shall add may be feixed by any forfeited:

: or officers oftlie customs or excise

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Before fbtp, h manufacturer or manufacturers of any such Short cut to p'd8 co, shag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, shall alfy ore the shipping tkd same, give bond to his Majesty, his por'tation, rs and iuccinbrs, with two other sufficient fureries, of which bond to be i matter or other person having or taking the charge or com gen for its ind of the ship or vessel in or on board which such Short cut jatch, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tpbaesp resppc* mtrebandife ely, is intended to be exported, shall be one, such surety, to the place. tifcf thaii such matter or other person, to be approved of by fptctbed in eefpe<ttive commissioners of excise ip England apd Scotlands, xlot*cc*

the major part of them respectively, or the proper officer or C

Beets of excise, in treble the amount of all the duties intended bt drawn back on such exportation of such Short cutlcbacco, ag tobacco, roll or carrot tobacco respectively, that such Short jt tobaqco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or caurot tobacco re?

ectively, and every part thereof, shall (the dangers of the seat id themies excepted;, be shipped and fairly exported as tner* landize to, and landed in the port or place to which the famt tspectively is in.such notice in that behalf herein before directed > be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall ota>e exported or carrieq to any other plac^ or country what?

ver, and shall not be unfhjpped, unladen, or put on board ny othcf ship, vessel or bot ir Of eat Britain (ship wreck or rther unavoidable incident accepted), nor relanded in Groat

Britain) or or jthe inlands of Gutrnftys strfey*

(fldihiey^ of uniefc entered and shipped out for the said,

respectively, according to this a, or the islandj of Faro )f Firro; which bond the properrifficer of excise of such of the pbfts hefeiri before enumerated, from whence such Short cut to aac£p, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco refaeftively, ftiatt be exported, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's na^afe,rtd solis majesty's use and the exporter shall jrffo, be

tore Ae ttiipping of any such shortt cut tobacco, (liag tobacco, rqtl tobicco, or carrdt tobacco fespectively, make oath that he

believes

788 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c

believes the duties upon such tobacco have beta fully paid which oath they the respective commissioners of exofe^, or any one or more of them for the time being, are, and the proper officer of excise for the time being is, hereby authorised and re and within quired to administer; and such respective of of ex a month after cife, or any one or more of them, or such proper officer, being the exporta fat'rsfied of the truth of such oath, shall, within one month after, thttcommif l^c a<^ua* exportation of such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, ftoners of ex roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco respectively, give to the exporter cife, etc. to thereof respectively a certificate or debenture, expressing the give a debcn several quantities of such Short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, rd cxik>rter*c tobacco, and carrot tobacco respectively, and that all the duties

hereby imposed on such tobacco have been paid for the same,

and that bond, vjith sufficient security, hath been given beta: which being the shipping the same for the exportation thereof; and such cer produced to tificate or debenture being produced to the collector of excise commissioners of excise f ^ucl1 Porls before enumerated, from whence Caen

at the port of*h°rt cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tote shipping, he co respectively, were so respectively exported, he shall forthwith (halt pay the pay or allow the person or persons so exporting the same, outd foftowing viz exi, C duties by this act imposed on tobacco, the follow

# of excile; (that is to say).

For every lb. For every pound weight of such Short cut tobacco so export of Short cut ed, an excise drawback of nine*pence:

Forever 9ib* or every pound weight of such (hag tobacco so exported, V oftoag d*drawback of eight pence farthing:

1-4th. For every pound weight of such roh tobacco so exported, 2

For every lb. excise drawback of nine pence:

for^ver^'lb And or cvie?ry Pound weight of such carrot tobacco foexpor of cairot^w' e an exc*fe drawback of eight pence:

If the col and if such collbftor of excise shall not have money in his ham le&orshave to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise a the commis and Scotland respectively arc required to pay such dn*

fionert to pay acs out of the money in their hands, sirifing from the exei drawbacks. duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of tobacco. Officers may CXXXIV Provided always, That it shall be lawful fords open such to officer attending the shipping of such manufactured tobacco, the <*com lt expedient, at the port or place of exportation

portatiortto to °pcn anc came such manufactured tobacco as (halbe if examine it; pafeked, in order that he may be satisfied that such manu&fam tobacco is the same that is described in the account to femto the officer in whose presence any such manufactured tobacn was so packed up.

and if after CXXXV Provided also, That if after the shipping of fh*?/h*1lt. such manufactured tobacco, and the giving such securit; i CD or put " aforesaid, in order to obtain any drawback by thit aft grant into any other the same manufactured tobacco, or any part thereof (ballk vessel within unshipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other ship the kingdom, vessel, or boat within this kingdom, ((nipwreck or other C

avoids

3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$.

abl£r ^ccidctit excepted), that then, and in every such case, ifo&wteove the penalty of th bond vfrhrch shall bb levied' ecovered to his majesty's use, all such manufactured to ivrh&ch shall be so unmipped, unladen, or laid ori land, or ntd'any other. ship, vefle?, or boar, within Great Britain wr£ek or other unavoidable accident excepted), or the: thereof, shall be forfeited, and such tobacco shalt and may ia&ed by any officer or officers of the custofris or exdife.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such last men rd^bbnd so to be given shall be discharged in manner herein mentioned; (that is to say) for such of the said manufac d'tobacco as mall be entered for exportation for or landed he kingdom of Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, rney, 6r Sdrf> upon the production, to the collector or other f officer of the excite of such of the ports herein before moated from Which such manufactured tobacco was ex ed; of a certificate, firch production thereof to be within six tths frotp the date of such bond, testifying such landing of i trianufadhired tobacco there; upon the like production of ke certificate, within twelvemonths for such manufactured acco as thalfbe so entered for, or landed in, any other port or: e in Eutdpe (other than the islands of Faro and Ferro), or in t port or place in Asia or Africa, dr within the (freights of Tdttdri upon the like production of a like certificate, within htedn months for such manufactured tobacco as shall be so; erc<f for, or landed in, any of his majesty's colonic's, planta ns, islands, " or territories in America or Africa, or the United tesdf antehra; ' arfd upon the like production of a like certify, within'twenty four months for such manufactured tobacco fhitt'be so'entered for, or landed in, any port or place at or yond the Gape of Good Hope, and such certificates respectively manufactured tobacco as shall be landed in any port or ice where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs fhm! resident shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, anckf no officer of his majesty's curia shall be resident in such port or place where such manu tured tobaccb shall! be landed, such certificate shall be signed t the British consul, or other person acting as such there, and no officer of his majesty's customs or british consul, or other irfon "acting as such, shall be resident at such port or place here such manufactured tobacco shall be landed, such certifi ire shall btttader the common seal of the chief magistrate of ich port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known w/fjft^merchiiyts then being at such port or place at which ich manufactured tobacco shall be so landed; or such last men idhed bond or bonds shall be discharged upon proof, in any or tfhef of the said cases, that such fnariufactured tobacco was akfctv by ehemiefc, or perished in the tea, or by fire, the ex ifriinaironand proof thereof being left to the judgement of the aid bomaattlidners of excise in England and Scotland for the time "f'd; r*beiner

7*9

it shall be forfeited.

How bonds given for the exportation of shortcut tobacco, etc shall be discharged.

T

90 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

being, respectively, or the major part of the fai4cmubft£fieaan respectively for the time being.

Persons C&XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if soy peribs

counterfeit or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procaitjd U <atescfor the or counterfeited, any certificate by this a reposed for

discharge of the discharge of any bond or bonds given, entered mto, <rek»

bonds, etc. cuted for the exportation of any tobacco as by this act is re

to forfeit quired; or shall produce to any collector or other chief office

*°° of the custotns, or to any collector or other officer ofcxdfe, a

make use of any forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue certify, as and for any certificate by this act required for the of any such bond or bonds; or shall connive at any inchcerta cate being so forged or counterfeited, or at any such font, counterfeited, false, or untrue certificate being (o produced r made use of; all anc every the person and persons Jb 0 shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit thsk of two hundred pounds

This act not CXXXVIII Provided always and be it further cm&l importation bat nothing in this ai contained shall extend or be coolbg*: or exporta to extend to permit or allow (unless otherwise permuted or »> ti on of tobac lowed by this a eft) any tobacco or snuff to be imported imocr co con^?r.y exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner axitnqt fore" onoft. aay or°sparliament in force on andimmdiatdybete 10, 1789* un the said tenth day of October one thousand ferea hundwt* less otherwise eighty nine.,

oermitted cxxxtx. Provided also, and be it further eaam, Thcrc, n nothing in this a contained shall extend or be coo&ued too a awbacit ten to a^ow a drawback upon the exportation of tobaoco^ wher^not al any port or place to which a drawback was not allowed tynyt: lowed by law or acts of parliament in force on and immediately beta & at that period, said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred mdeight* nine.

Tobacco, etc. CXL And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tofacc under seizure, stalks Spatiish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, faoff sort hereafter be^tobacco (talk flour, and (huff respectively, which is or ire seized, under seizure, or which shall or may be seized on or before fit he deposited tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and oghtr* in the ware nmc> by any officer or officers of the customs, or which dull ^dedumkr fe*zc* ater commencement of this a t by any office or X this at, etc, cers of the ctxfioms or excise, under or by virtue of this or ac;

other all or as of parliament in force at the comaunceottic I this a fl, or which shall afterwards be made, shall, after &ccw demnation thereof respectively and before thefami^pefiimlf, or any part thereof, shall be sold, burnt, ordeftrayedtbefo^ and deposited, lodged, and secured until the same shall be and burnt, or destroyed, in the warehouse or wirehosfofe* provided according to the directions of this ti khd#. ..... ports herein before enumerated as shall be oeaieft

by officers of where such seizure respectively shall be made; sad the Wo the cuttoma raissioners of the customs in England) or any fear cr m i

to

'3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

9 fof the time being, and the said of of the cu ft ixf Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time

i, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and retd so cause il such tobacco (except tobacco of the growth, uakta, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of w or Portugal or of the growth or production of Ireland, or Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in arne or the united dates of America) and all such tobacco (talks, ish % tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flopr, snuff work, an) cco (talk flour, respectively, as shall be so seized by any such er or officers of the customs, to be burnt and destroyed, and ive such officer or officers by whom the same respectively

I have been so seized, such pecuniary reward as they the said eaivecommissioners of the customs shall think proper, such ard not exceeding threepence per pound for each and every nd of fqeh tobacco (except as aforesaid), and of such tobacco fcs, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, i tobacco (talk flour respectively, which shall be so burnt or troyed; and also, if any such tobacco of the growth, pro: lion, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain Portugal or of the growth or production of Ireland, or his ijesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America? the united dates of America, can be sold for so much money as

II be equal to, or exceed, the duties by this act imposed for or respect of tobacco of the famfc kind, which shall be delivered home trade, consumption, or manufacture, out of the ware iufe or warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodg, and fccqred, as aforesaid; or if such snuff, being foreign uff, cart be sold for so much money as will be equal to, or ex CD the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of snuff of e same kind which shall be delivered out of such warehouse or

791

may be burnt (except spa nish tobacco, etc.) by order of the commissionera of the customs, who are then to give a pecuniary reward to the seizer.

If such spa nish tobacco, etc. or snuff cao be sold for the prices herein mentioned, it may be sold, and the seizer rewarded with a moiety of the produce.

arehemfes; or if such snuff, being British snuff, can be sold for

ie shilling and threepence per pound weight, cause such tobacco

A snuff respectively to be publicly sold, and to reward such

Steel or officers of the customs, by whom such tobacco and

luff respectively shall have been so seized, with one moiety of

le money (after deducing the charges of seizure, condemna

on, and Me) for which such tobacco and snuff respectively shall

e Cp sold; and in case, upon any such tobacco or snuff being put But if, upon

p or offered to public sale, no person or persons shall offer or Put, ijsltup

d for the same respectively such sum or sums of money as will

e equal to, or exceed, such duties or sum of money respectively, it duties Should

hall and may be lawful to and for such of of the cu notbeoffered,

toms tpspectively to cause such tobacco and snuff respectively to jtmaybe

)e burnt and destroyed, and to give such officer or officers such der ovthe

pecuniary reward as they the said respective of of the commission:

: shall think proper, such reward not exceeding three ers, etc.

petfeeprr pound for each and every pound weight of such to

bac$o and ftwjff respectively which shall be so burnt or destroyed; Commi Aeon

and tfceftid commissioners of excise in England and Scotland re crsofexcifcte

fpsfllvety, or the major part of them respectively for the time being? customs, with

79*

respeff to fci* sure made by oldie officers.

Rewards hereby authorised, to be in leu of all claims, except pecuniary penalties.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 61k fvy!

beings shall, and they are hereby respectively authorhcd andr quired to cause all such tobacco (except as aforesaid^wttchlh; be so seized by such officer or officers of excise, and fedttpf 27 deposited, lodged, and secured as aforesaid, in such wircwfei warehouse as aforesaid, and all such tobacco (talks, Spmjh} t bacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuflf work, and tobacco fa flour, respectively, to be burnt and destroyed, and to giveftk officer or officers of excise, by whom the same respectirdjon have been so seized, such pecuniary reward as such rdjx&'i commissioners of excise shall think proper, such reward note ceeding threepence per pound for each and every poundoffut tobacco (except as aforesaid), and of such tobacco (talks, Spsr tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, and tobao: stalk flour respectively, which shall be burnt ordeflrovd; C also i any such tobacco, of the growth, production, onnr. failure of the plantations or dominion of Spain or Pert of the growth or production of Ireland, or his Majesty's ccfer? plantations, islands, or territories in America, or the united lbs of America, can be sold for so much money as will beqeah or exceed, the duties by this act imposed for or in respectob bacco of the same kind, which shall be delivered for horns consumption, or manufacture, out of the warehouse or ft houses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and Ikes as aforesaid, or if such snuff, being foreign snuff, can befell*so much money as will be equal to, or exceed, the duties by act imposed for or in respect of snuff of the same kind, it shall be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses, X such snuff, being British snuff, can be sold for one (hjfe* threepence per pound weight, cause such tobacco and feej spectively to be publicly sold, and to reward such officerer| cers by whom such tobacco and snuff respectively tei r been so seized, with one moiety of the money (after dtfj the charges of seizure, condemnation, and fate) for which! tobacco and snuff respectively shall be so sold $ and in cam such tobacco or snuff being put up or offered to pubfckl no person or persons shall offer or bid for the same rtf such sum or sums of money as will be equal to, or exc duties or sum of money respectively, it shall and may belt and for such commissioners of excise respectively, or the I part of them respectively, to cause such tobacco and fhaffq lively to be burnt and destroyed, and to give such officer cers such pecuniary reward as they the said respective < sioners of excise, or the major part of them respectise think proper, such reward not exceeding threepence /*rl for each and every pound weight of such tobacco ah a spedlively which shall be so burnt and destroyed as lift aftj which said rewards respectively shall be in lieu of all rtwrj lowances, sums of money, and claims whatsoever, to whi such officer or officers of the custotns or excise Was, v! shall be entitled by virtue of any such act of adl$vothertl pecuniary penalty or penalties, for or in respect of fdei tfl

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68, 793

ziot(kil\t> % 9spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for to

flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, re ively.

(ta Provided always, andh be it further enacted, That if Officer fciz* officer or officers of the customs or excise shall seize any to >, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk fciz'ing the, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff, as forfeited by vefivhetc or or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the com pot discover cement of this aftf or which shall afterwards be made, on in&thcpart*5* d any ship, vessel, or boat forfeited by such act or acts, and bc^juedvo not seize and prosecute the ship, vessel, or boat in or on, such reward d which the same shall have been imported, brought, found, only as the uzed 3 or if any officer or officers shall seize any tobacco, to commission ro (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff o^excise shall k, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, which shall have been unthink proper, ped, landed, removed, or carried contrary to law, and shall also seize and prosecute to conviction the ship, vessel, boat, re, cattle, cart, or carriage made use of in removing, carrying, onveying such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish tobaccp (talks tobacco (talk flour, and snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or ff, if such ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage, LI be forfeited by such act or acts, by reason of being made of in the removing, carrying, or conveying such tobacco, toco (talks, spani/by tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff rk, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, and shall not atfo discover to V of of his majesty's customs or excise respectively i person or persons concerned in the unshipping or receiving h tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco Ik our, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, or from lom such seizures were/espectively made, so that he, (lie, or ry may be prosecuted to conviction for the penalties incurred law for such offences, such officer and officers shall, in each d every (pch case, in lieu and in (tead of all and every reward d rewards by this act given or granted to him or them upon s condemnation of any such leizuce, be entitled only to: h reward as they the said of of customs in eng dor any four or more of them for the time being, and the id of of the customs in Scotland, or any three or ore of them for the time being, or the said respective commis mers of excise, or the major part of them, respectively, as the ft. may require, shall think fit, such reward not exceeding three ilfpence per pound for every pound weight of tobacco, to icco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff ork, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, which shall be liable to be umt or destroyed, according to the directions of this act, not iccecding one fourth part of the money, after deducting the targes of seizure, condemnation, and sale, arising from the sale f tobacco and snuff respectively, which shall be sold according

the directions of this act, anything herein before contained

) the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the said Reward to be rfpeftiyf of of the customs and excise shall, and they

'aro imposed

t)y

burning to bacco, etc.

794 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. [ijj,

are hereby respectively authorised to pay or edetohe^gdi such rewards out of any money in the bands of tbd^theai respective of of the customs and exciserrij arising from the duties of customs or excite by this as the case may require.

Scfearet CXLII And be it further enacted, That all feizum to when ware bacco stalks, spctjish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk fax, W wor^» t^acc0 Aaik flour, and fngff respectively, whichmbi the itrfpe&lon lodged, or secured in any warehouseor iqrcho^fc

of the officers to be provided as aforesaid, that! be under and subjtd to ihcis fthecnstoms speftion and examination of all the officers of the customs d andexdfe, etc. excise respectively, and shall be subject to the same rules, rtjt lations, restrictions, and provisions (other than andoaytds payment of duties by this act imposed)) which tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk {qc, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and buff, arc subject bj ffe of this act.

The commis* CXLIII And be it further enacted, That the said cunusi: firr3t°r. (loners of the cgstoms in England for the time being, orw vtde ktlns for four or more of them? and the said of of thccc toms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or ok a them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorisedjsdfr

Siired, out of any of the duties or revenues of custoens uz eir management respectively, to erect and provide hemtin to time a proper kiln or kilns in each and every such v»arf so to be provided as aforesaid, for burning and destroyiqgfou tobacco, tobacco stalks, snuff work and snuff, as shall be bon. or destroyed according to the directions of this act?.

Vessele seized CXLIV And be it further enacted, That all (bios, ^tinder any act an(j boats whatsoever, which shall be seized and conmnda any cause of forfeiture under or by virtue of this or injotic adapted tot he ft or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of tb purposeiof aft, relating to tobacco, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, and which fmu^eling, to shall appear to the commissioners of the customs in In the man any fur or more of them for the time being, or to ifocim sioners of the customs irt Scotland, or any three or more pftbes for the time being, (in case the same shall be seized by it]dicer or officers of the customs)) to the commissioners of a cife in England and Scotland respectively, or the majunfit \ them respectively for the time being (in case the kmc (to seized by any officer or officers or excise)) be pio adapted to the purpose of smuggling, shall be dispowou follows; (that is to say,) The hull of every such (h^«fc or boat, mall be broken up, and the materials of every hull, together with the guns, ammunition, tackle, Mtrc and apparel, belonging to such ship, vefiil, or boat, Ito sold to the best advantage, and the produce arising tbcrtfac (the costs and charges of the seizure, profecufion, breaking and sale thereof, being first deducted) shall be divided, oocnxxp to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succesor*, VI other moiety to such officer or officers as hail

ner herein prescribed,

and the produce divided between his Majesty and the officer.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 795

the facoe; and the said respective of shall also re Such officers ward the officer or officers who shall feise.any such ship, vessel, to b* boat, the hull whereof shall be so broken up, with such futn herdn men or Aims of money as they the said respective of shall tioned. think fit, not exceeding ten Shillings per, tonne for such vessels and boats respectively as shall be more than four tonnes according to legal admeasurement, and not exceeding forty Shillings for such vessels and boats as shall not be more than four tonnes according to legal admeasurement, such rewards respectively to be paid by the said respective of, out of any money in their hands respectively, arising from the duties by this act imposed; and in case it shall appear to such Vessels so of respectively, that such ship, vessel, or boat which seized, and shall be so seized and condemned shall not be particularly not adapted adapted to the purpose of smuggling, it shall and may be lawful to and for such of respectively, to order such ship, produce vessel, or boat, together with her guns, ammunition, tackle, divided be furniture, and apparel, to be sold to the bed advantage, and the tween his produce arising therefrom (the costs and charges of the seizure, prosecution, and sale thereof being first deduced) shall be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall seize or sue for the same.

CJCLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such ship, vessel, or boat shall be necessary and fit for C

the service of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may be tobeio lawful to and for the said of of the customs in Eng disposed of land, or any four or mote of them for the time being, or to the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, and to and for the said commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the majpr part of them respectively, if they shall think fit, to cause the same, together with her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, and apparel, to be sold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the of of the admiralty Dr of the navy, for that purpose, and the produce arising from uch sale (the costs and charges of the seizure, prosecution, and ale thereof, being first deduced) shall be divided, one moiety

: o his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to he officer or officers who shall seize or sue for the same; and if my such ship, vessel, or boat shall be found fit to be used by iny of the officers of his Majesty revenues of customs or ex ife, it shall and may be lawful to and for such commissioners respectively to cause such ship, vessel, or boat, together virh her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, and apparel, o be lifed in th service of his majesty's revenues of cuf oms and excise respectively as the case may require, the osier of officers who seized such ship, vessel, or boat, being first aid by them the said respective of one moiety f the value of such ship, vessel, or boat (the costs and charges Vol. XXXVI Ggg of

His majesty'i

share of lieizurei to be paid into the exchequer.

79$ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii IIIC. fr.

[1789.

of the seizure and prosecuthm thereof being first deduced) anything in any such act or aftt contained to the contrary thereof in any will notwithstanding.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said coauni£» sioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the said commissioners of excise in England and Scotland rdpec tively for the time being, shall, and they are hereby respectmfy authorised and required to pay or cause to be paid all the money anting to his Majesty from such foies into th receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, as the duties of customs and excise respectively by this act imposed are directed to be paid in there, without distinguishing the same from such duties, m.d. the same shall be carried to and made part of the fund called fit Consolidated fund

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That no officer of the customs shall be entitled to any reward given on the seizure of any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, or on the seizure of any ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carnage, made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any such notice at^he* toba^co» tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk next office of flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff, by virtue of tkk or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made, unless notice of lock seizure be by him given, within twenty-four hours next after such seizure, at the next office of excise, or to the fupenrifor or other officer of excise of the district where such seizure shall be

No officer of the customs to be entitle to any re war for a seizure, unless in aa hours there

excise, or the supervisor or officer of the district, who is to take an account of the same, and made; and such superrifor or officer of excise is hereby directed, wsuch must^such notice, to take a particular account of the kind, and ed without°a* quantities of all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco permit. (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff respectrvrely, so seized; shall any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamfcy tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, be afterwards removed without a permit signed by the proper officer or supervisor of excise of the place or district from whence stich tobacco, tobacco ftalfcs, f nijby tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, eobocca (talk flour and snuff respectively, are or is to be removed, onder the penalty of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flout, and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads case chests, cases, and packages respectively containing the same, being forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be fobbed by any other officer or officers of the customs, or by apy officer or officers of excise.

ssfc^avis CXLVIII And be it farther enacted That it shall apd my on board vef lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any of them tagp fels within on board and enter into any ship or vessel ^hatfcewer wfach four leagues shall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, to searchfor*UT leagues of the coast thereof end tq continue on tobacco, etc. board the same, and to examine and search such flaps airs fjrf

i ?8$<] Ann vicesimo norto gboroii UL o 61,

fd*respofttvely; for till tobacco, tobacco stalks, (obacco folk floor, andiimff, whatsoever, and to seize, for his majesty's^lf, all Aich tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco folk flour, and fnuts, rdpeftireiy, there found, as by this act, or by dfty law or lairs in force at the commencement of this act, (hah be forfeited, ., together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages containing the sane, tod etfo foeh ship of vessel if the same shall be forfeited, for or on account of any fitch tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff.

CXLIX. And be it farther ent&ed, That if any person or person eb persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, mcfest, obstruct, structing of ov binder any officer or officers of the custotn* or excise in the aool. due execution of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made, relating to tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, or Chuff, or of any of the powers or authorities by any such act or acts of parliament given or granted to any such officer or officers; or shah by force or violence, after any such officer or officers shall have lei zed any tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, to bacoo stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk Boor, or snuff, forfeited by any such act or acts of parliament, or any ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage forfeited by any such act or acts of parliament, for being made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any such tobacco, tobacco [folks. spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk floor, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or (huff, rescue or cause to be rescued any Kick tobacco, tobacco stalks, spam/br tobacco stalks for tobacco folk flour, snuff work, tobacco folk flour, ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage, or shall attempt or endeavour fit to do, all and every such person or persons so offending shall.

For each and every such offence for which no penalty is particularly provided by this act, forfeit the fun of two hundred pounds.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any person or periods perfoosoffer whatsoever shall givey or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, yr reward whatsoever, to any officer or officers of the customs forfeit Jool. nr excite, to connive at or to permit any tobacco, tobacco stalks,

tobacco folks for tobacco folk flour, snuff work, to jaceo folk flour, or snuff, to be run on shore, or to connive at ihy false or Short entry of any tobacco or fimff, or shall give or yaet to give any bribe, recompense, or reward whatsoever, in >rder to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such officer or sfficersy either to do or perform any act or acts, thing or things, whatsoever, contrary to the duty of such officer or officers in the execution of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force it the commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made resting to tobacco, tobacco folksy Spmtjb, tobacco folks for to*tmcco folk flour, snuff work, tobacco fbdk flour, and (huff, or \

either of them, or to neglect to do or perform any act or acts; thing or things, whatsoever belonging at appertaining to the baflmii and ducy of fash officer and officers in the execution of 0 g g a ny

Gc ?le.

Person to dc liable to the penalties for perjury.

No tobacco, etc. to be landed, without entry first made, pa penalty of forfeiture.

Officers of excise fafped ing tobacco, etc. to be concealed, and making oath thereof, may be authorised by the com mifltonect of excite, or two maeistrates, to Search for the same, etc.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$. x1789.

any such a & or alb of parliament, or to connive at or zatxcez any fraud or fraud relating to the dupes oft tobacco of fiiof, or not to discover the same; all and every such person orper fons so offending shall, for each and every niche offence, whether such offer or proposal be accepted or not, forfeit the sum cf fire hundred pounds.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That any person'or pofens who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath, in anj of the cases in which an oath is required to be taken by virtue of this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That no person or ptrfbro whatsoever, bringing any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamfl, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, into any port or place of Great Britain, bycttol cocquet, transire, or permit, nor any person or persons to whom the same, or any of them, shall be consigned, fhaff lmd, or cause any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish, tobacco (lifts for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, orfaufi, to be landed or put on shore, without first making or cau&og to be made, with the officer or officers of the customs forth time being, appointed to receive or take such entries withfirfk port or place into which such tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (hit flour, or snuff, shall be so brought, due entry of thefainev speltively, on pain of forfeiting double the value of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco fidt flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, respectivtlr, landed or put on shore contrary to the true intent and tfleaning hereof; and all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flbor, and snuff, respectively, together with the calks and padhta^rt spectively containing the lame, shall be forfeited, and ffiau and may be ieized by any officer or officers of the customs or exdft

CLII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or officers of excise shall have cause to suspect that any tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish, tobacco (ta)ks for tobacco stalk flour, fault work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, which shall have beta imported contrary to the directions of this act, or shall be forf&el by this or any other alt or alb of parliament now in forced or hereafter to be made, shall be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatsoever, then, and in fbctrcafc, if such place or places shall be within the cities of or jvtjiminster, or within the limits of the chief office oferdfc in London, upon oath made by such officer or officers berate the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, orxnr two or moret>f them, or in case such place shall be in any pthbr part of Great Britian, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before one or morejusticeur justices of the peace for the riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall /b(pa the same to b.c. deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed whidha

fpc&ht

: ized by GOO^C

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 799

spedkive oaths they the said commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, and the justice or justices of the peace, reflectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer)) forth the ground, of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace respectively (as the case may require) before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants, under his and their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, by day or by night, but if in the nighttime, in the presence of a eonstable, or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect such to bacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, respectively, which he or they shall then and there find so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and packages whatsoever containing,

: he same; and if.any person or persons whatsoever shall let, ob andpersona [trudt, or hinder any such officer or officers so authorised or im obstructing powered, or any other person or persons acting in his or their to far ned or assistance, in the execution of such warrant, from enter rcl 100 # ng any such place Or places where such officer or officers shall so suspect such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks: tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, o be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or rarrying away the same, or the hogsheads, casks, chests, rases.

Dr packages containing the same, or in the due execution of any uch warrant, the person and persons so dffending shall for each tnd every such offence severally forfeit the sum of one hundred Dounds.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That no person whatso Nomanufsever, being a manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco or snuff, or turer, etc. or vho is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in rade or business of martufacturing or dealing in tobacco pr aiamaailtrse huff, shall, during such time as he, she, or they, shall be foin; n theexecu erected or concerned In the trade or business of ipanufacturing tien of any r dealing in tobacco or snuff, act as a justice of the peace in aftrelativeto ny matter or thing whatsoever, which shall in any wise con to°acco*ctc' ern the execution of the powers or authorities given or grant d by this or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the onupencement of this act, relating to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or nuff; and if any person or persons shall, contrary to the true itent and meaning of this act, presume to exercise any such owers or authorities, or do any act hereby authorised to be lone by any justice or justices of the peace, all such acts so executed or done by such person or persons shall be utterly null nd void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

8oo Anno vkeflaw bono g*gju>ii TO c.fll» I

Thumb cut CLV And be it further enacted, That idl thm^«^ % i I tob'cdmeed *DS ant*tw'^ or P's tail tobacco, Audi b deemoi sotafeea I rou tobacco, to be roll tobacco withm the meaning of this act; that^vn ] etc.*bycco smalls lifted from (bort cut tobacco, and (hagmhato^ and a returns of sjxm/b, shall be deemed and ratal tote tv i turns of tobacco within the meaning of tbtsa&j that ab had lifted from tobacco smalls shall be deemed and taken to be bacco sand within the meaning of this act; that all robaocofidtos flattened and cut into what is commonly called Spssifa Ad be deemed and taken to be Spgaish within the meaning of ita aft; that all tobacco (talks dripped or taken from the leaf, slab be deemed and taken to be tobacco stalks within the maarring of this act; and that all tobacco dalks prepared or laid doers for being manufactured or made into tobacco (talk slow, (tat be deemed and taken to be tobacco stalks for tobacco talk fleer Who shall be within the meaning of this act: and also, that all and every o ta an p*rtas who shall manufacture tobacco, tobacco tab, and dealer, w returns of tobacco, or who shall manufacture oc flatten ta " tobacco (talks, or cut any tobacco (talks into what is commonly called Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be a manufeawtr or manufacturers of tobacco within the meaning of this act; that all and every person and persons who shall grind or asm* fasture any tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, or (auff, (Mb deemed and taken. t9 he a manufrflurer or manufactamiet snuff within the meaning of this act; that all and every pwfcn and persons who shall fe any tobacco, tobacco (talk Wr* of tobacco, or any tob?ccp (talks flattened, or any tobacco flaiu cut into what Is commonly called $p#n&y shall too dnsmsfl mi taken to be a dealer or dealers in tobacco within dm sacutaga this act; and that all and every person or perform whofhal M any tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, or (buff, ihah bo dmmtd and taken to be a dealer or dealers in snuff within the mmntag, of this act.

ftowpcntom CLVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, petwta, are tote bird atlfl forfeitures created pr imposed by thit ad, and which shall for, and vbat be. Cued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the order at psr share are to mission of the cooihoj(boners of the custome in Sngiati ml be paid the s(etlqa<i respectively, or by any officer or officers of thecaflow,

ompers. shall and may (where npt otherwise directed by this act) be 1*1 for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such mow*. aal by such ways, means, and methods, as any fines or peaatob incurred, or any goods or vessels forfeited, for any efface agaiofl the laws of custams, may now legally be seed for, of» fecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or oficcffcf the customsconcerned in any such feizauesor proftrwtiamifljtal ( where not otherwise directed by this act), be e rustled w apd» cpive such share of the produce arising ftontbelfimrfe aofley are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of fefaisetfer unlawful importation, and (where not otherwise difedfaktelfc* aft) to such share of the produce arising from any ptewaoty penalty or composition paid for any offence against tint affi.at

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 801

thejhare aoiwby arty Ww or regulation entitled to upon prafc custons for pecuniary penalties.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and Hwpcnaltiea forfeitures imposed by this or any other act crafts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, relating to tobacco, for, and bow tobieoo (talks, tobacco (talk floury and filuff, or either of them, applied, and which shall bd prosecuted or (ued for by order of the coni mifboners of excite in England Or Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, dr irtidgated, by any law or laws of excite, or by action of debt, ( bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty courts of record at ififiminfltly of in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; drid that ofte mbidty of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, not otherwise directed by this act, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him,

Mr, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

citvlii. And be it further enacted, That all the moneys Duties to be ftrifing by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges canj[cd to the rf raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time fund/ldatcu to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Wifitttiftjteri and the said money so paid into the said receipt of rxobequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the bid fimd called Tbt Confahdatid Fund.

GLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any tobacco tobaccojm hatu have been imported into this kingdom on or before the pdsted, fiut enth day of October orie thousand seven hundred and eighty arrd tobacco fine and tfhich shall not have been entered at the custom house entered but ft the port of importation, or any tobacco which may have been not ware ntered, and the pfdper duties payable thereon secured by bond,

greeamy to the hws m force at or immediately before the 5

enth day of October orie ^housand seven hundred and eighty the duties >ine, but which shall not have been lodged in the warehouses imposed by ppoiotfed for the purpose of securing such tobacco, all such to this act, etc. acco shall be considered as having been imported after the jnfh day of October orie thousand seven hundred and eighty irie, afrid such tobacco shall be liable to such and the like duties, rid entitled to such and the like drawbacks, and no other, and ibjeft to all and every the rules, regulations, and restrictions ains penalties, and forfeitures, to which tobacco is respectively ibjeft and liable by virtue of this act; and in case the importer r importers, proprietor of proprietors, consignee or consignees, f any, such tobacco so imported as aforesaid, shall have secured Mt duties by b6rid, in riianner prescribed by law, such bond sail and may be discharged in like manner as bonds given for ibacco remaining in the warehouse are by this act directed to e discharged; any law, usage or custom to the contrary not ith Handing.

CI*X, An be it further enacted, That all bonds given for Bonds For to curing ttadutre* upon tofcrcco, which shall at the commence

Gag ji menthoused at the

wbct commence

802 Aoqo ykcsimo boro Georgii 1(1. Q s8; [xyi$.

ment of this jnent of this abe in any warehouse or nrardbaate* nrnwdtj t?becaft* fi«(f upon, or appointed by the said commufieners of the atf such toms or any fur or more l^cm9 to England (of the time

cates at the being, or by the said of of the customs, or toy three commits or more of them, in Scotland for the time being, under and by ^i?j*u^?mi'v", rtuc of the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of therein lnau duet, ^his prcj cnt Majesty, shall be discharged and cancelled by the receiver-general and collectors of the customs, respectndy,

having the custody of such bonds, upon such certificates as the said of of the customs, or any four or more of them, n England, for the time being, and the commissioners of the customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland for the time being, shall respectively direct, being produced to and left with such receiver-general and collectors of the customs respectively.

CLXI. And whereat many persons % incurred heavy pecuniary penalties by reason of offences committed against the Urns fer'collecting and securing the duties an tobacco and snuff art deterred from renouncing their evil courses, through fear of bung discovered by some of their associatesy and prosecuted for such pecuniary penalties and other per Cons are confined in ptifon for pecuniary penalties, mean sequence of their having been convicted of such offences, which they are unable to pay, and many, to avoid being profeevted or taken in execution for such pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, have withdraw themselves intoforeign partst end process of outlawry may have ifimd against same of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a perdu and indemnity to persons under such circumstances: be it therefore No proiecu enacted, That no prosecution by bill, plaint, information, eg tien to be action of debt, shall be commenced for any pecuniary.penalty for^cuniary incurred by reason of any offence committed by any perfect or penalties for persons against any of the provisions of any act or u6ts for eol offences com lcdting or securing the duties on tobacco or snuff, committed mitted before before the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and July ao, 1789. eighty nine, but that such pecuniary penalties shall be whofiy pardoned and released.

His Majesty's CLXII. And be it further enacted, That as to all pecuniary imltfea due penalties now due on any conviction heretofore had, or which or that may may become due inconsequence of profecytions now.carrying become due, on for any such pecuniary penalty or penalties, the same dull on profecu be pardoned and discharged, so far as regards his majesty's share carr8in°'on or interest on (*uch Penahy; and that all persons against whom discharged*any process of outlawry hath been foed out, for the matters andreverfal aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by motion, to the court of outlawries ut of which such process issued, to let aside or reverse the may be ap same.

Thi aft not CLXIII Provided always, That nothing in this act conto

acquit, " tamed shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to

where penal acquit, release, or discharge any judgement or judgements,

ties have been where the moneys or other things recovered have been adhjrmlly

taken in exe or taken in execution before the commencement of this

cution before rv the corn*act.

mencement CLXIV And be it farther enacted, That if any person or of thi a att. persons

7893], amhcpvicesimo nono Georgii'lit C 68*863

yeribmmhfr (fall claim the benefit of this act shall, after such "^jp, »rlaitn, bring or commence or cause to be brought or com newced, ay action, plaint, information, brother prosecutioning the benefit abatfoevtr, agarnft any officer of his majesty's navy, or any of of this act ker or officers of the customs or excise, or other person or per against offi oarwho shall have aided or assisted any such officer or officers, n" thin or or concerning any act, matter, or thing done or committed doneinregatd y him, them, or any of them, on occasion of, or for, or by to matters eafon or means of any of the offences, frauds, mifflemeanors, hereby dif r other matters or things intended to bi released and discharged chargedt^be iy this act, such claim is and shall be deemed to be an absolute 1 UC

iifeharge and release to such officer and officers, and other per pleaded.

Tonne and persons respectively, of and from act and every such iftions, suits, and prosecutions; and such officer and officers, ind other person and persons respectively, may plead the general flue, and give the special matter in evidence; and such officer tad officers, or other person and persons respectively, shall reaver his costs of suit against the person or persons lo bringing.

r commencing such action or prosecution.

CLXV. Provided also, That this act, or anything herein Act not to rontained, shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to ex: end, to acquit, release, or discharge any person or persons whatsoever from the payment of any customs, duties, or Turns due upon the money, due and owing to his Majesty from such person or lawfulim* persons, for or upon the lawful importation or entry of any to j^tlon of 3acco or snuff, nor to any debts or Turns of money due to hislobacco* C Vlajeliy, from any person or persons, upon any bond, obligation,

rqther contrast or agreement whatsoever, touching orcon: erning the lawful importing or landing any tobacco or snuff, or the customs or other duties due and payable for the same, nor to any bonds given or entered into for the exportation of any tobacco or snuff from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to pre /eut the relanding of the same in this kingdom; nor to any bonds given for landing any tobacco or snuff coastwise within this kingdom; nor to any bond or obligation given by any osier or officers of his majesty's navy, or of the customs or Cxcise, to his Majesty, or any of his predecessors, or to any other per tonne or persons for the use of or in trust for his said Majesty, or his predecessors; nor to any debts, dues, or demands due or jvring to his said Majesty, for or in respect of any sum or Turns d( money by him, or any of his royal predecessors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or debentures, or certificate or cet was or were wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same debenture or debentures afterwards became void by any relamling of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatsoever; nor to any other debts, dues, pr demands, for or in respect of the customs, excise, and other duties chargeable on any tobacco or snuff, concerning which there is any sftion, information, suit, or prosecution now dje*

y pending

1

: 8d4 Arinavtasimo hobo'qbokobih£ (il

- in any 4f bk majlfly's oooorao at«ftb

where.

Compofiriont CLXVI Provided alfe, That ttt pertows who haw aha. £fn^e* pounded with, or agreed or offirrsd to pay aflf fan of rtioeey k made my of competition or chargee to hit Majdqr, or M the m*coomtiffionars of his majesty's treasury, or to the eeaiaifilhn

of the custems for ihetimc being, on hie mejwfty's bahdf, far or in respect of any of the abovementioned offence, or for the forfeitures or penalties aiding thereby, Anil make good compositions, agreements, stud offers as have been by them»spectively made, or in dchtll thereof all and every facb perfao shall be excluded and deprived of end from dll benefit and advantage of ilia ad.

This act may CLXVI And be it further enacted, Thu arty pufan sr ^rp*eaded 'n per ions may plead this eft for his or their dtfrharg*, of or fa aey thing anything that is by virtue of this act purtfanad, discharge^ o: hereby par granted, or shall and may apply for fitch efffeharg* in ofhmmrr doded. way, by motion to the court of dxtbanner, Wtvicfa coin Act make such order touehkig the staying or difcltargff of ray soil, or of any person imprisoned by rcafoct thereof, aoaatte said court shall (eem meet.

Perfoes who CLX

VIII. Provided always, and bo ir further enacted, That have brought yj and every perfim and pevfons who shall thfcc, rieeftue, or k offists*to«"M any benefit or advantage by vtrrdo of eh hhhmhih Icrfethe feme", aforesaid, either by pleading or tafifting on th fate brim before they court of juflica, r before any of the kurearof tftkdtekdf ea claim the be. dwaaer, in a fammary way or otherwhe, and whofteth er ftd sent of this he, she, or they shan claim though benefit of this preahtttfi)

have brought, commenced, or peofecatod any afihuy plwot, or infer motion, indiftmena, or other ptofoeutiett whmfaertr, egainst any officer or officers of bio Majesty's nary, or of the custorus or encue, or against any person or perfdrts who aab or may have been aiding or affiiling to any suck officer or officers, faro concerning any matter, oause, or thing done or cofaamtd by any such officer or officers, or by any person or persons aiding or assisting him, them, or any of them, on oceifiocr, or for, or by reason or means of any of the offence, trefjpfafim, firamk, misdemeano*, or Other matters or things by this act hhhfa to be released and discharged, shall, before mil tew hebe, or they shall be admitted to make such plan as aforesaid, or is take any benefit or advantage of this act, absolutely rcfeifc ml discharge such action or actione, disconmmm and eaofif to he fthved all proceedings m all ami every fetch information, in di&ments, and other prosecutioa and profocotfato# ttfptfikl} brought or Commenced as aforesaid.

Duties and CLXIX And be it further enacted, That the feheral dorks

drawbacks of of customs by this act imposed, and the feveraf drawback of the der thjsaft1* dotiea of custema by this act charged, and thrfewrrfdrwbkb except where of the duties of curtaam by this act allowed^ fhftl (teept where hereby alter any alteration is otprytsly made b tkfr aft) be rifpeftfady

managed,

7?9-0 Anno viofim* opao ^wtoii Hlrfcfife 80$

nanaaed, ascertained, raised, levied colkded, recovered, an ed.to be mi werco, paid, and allowed in such and the like manner, andlm nd

by any or either of the means, waya, or methods by which ^metc. were be duties of customs upon tobacco or snuff respectively, and managed, etc, drawbacks of duties of customs upon tobacco, by this act respectively repealed, were or ought to be managed, ascertained, aised, levied, collided, recovered, answered, paid^and allowed t ind that all tobacco and fauff lefpefldvely, far or in respect whereof any duty of customs is by this act impefod, and all to mcqo for or in respect whereof any drawback of the duty of ruftocss is by this act allowed, shall be, and the same are hereby Bade subjod and liable (except whese any alteration is expressly Bade by this act) to all and every the conditions, rules, regm atism, reftiidions, provisions, and forfeitures respectively, to nrhioh goods, wares, or merchsndtfe in general were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force at. and im bodiately upon the commencement of this act, receding the evenueof customs; and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture rf any nature or kind whatsoever, far any offence whatsoever committed against, or in breach of any ad or ad»of parliament In force at and immediately before the commencement of this act, made far securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feverii powers, diroe tiona, elauses, matters, and things therein contained (unlefa where exprrssly altered by this act), shall, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared te extend to, and the same rdpeduvelyfhsjl be applied, pmdifed, and put in emeu* tien, 'far and in respect of the said duties of customs by this act imposed, and drawbacks of dtiticaof customs by. this act granted, iues fall and ample manner, to all intents and purpefirs whatsoever, as if ail and every the said acts, elauses, conditions, rules, regulations, reftiidions, provisions, powers, dimdiens, fines, pains, penakim, forfeitures, matters, and things respectively, wens particularly repeated and retracted in the body of tins ad.

GLXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the The powers powers, disediens, rules, pen aides, forfeitures, chutes, matters, of i Car, sod things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth yjnr wither °* of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An ftr |a, respea. tating avtty the eemt. of wards end liveries. a tenures in Gapite, ing theexrisk,

and if Anights fervieeandpttrveyance, and/or settling a revenue except where

tie Aiajeftj m lien thereof, or by any other law now in force re j)*ret^}t'r* fating to his mtfefty's revenue of excise, are provided and jn" eftafcduhed for. managing, taking, levying, coueding, mitigating, levying the or recovering, adjudging, or afaertaining. the duties thereby excise duties granted, or say of them, (other than in such cases for which other j'.

penalties or provisions aaemsde and prefetibed by this act) (hatt*ctc* be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the mo naging, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and payings the excifa duties by this act imposed, and foe preventing, dgtfabbg, and autushing frauds relating thereto, as fully and

9o 6 Anno vicesimo nono gegrgil Hi. c. 68.

[178

effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if ah and rtoy the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, dnfa, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re coa i this present act.

CLXXI Add fae it further enacted, That an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King M Geo. a. George the Second, entitled, act for the more

the duties upon tobacco', to much of another act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King and so much George the Second, intituled An act for the mere of so Geo. a. venting the fraudulent removal of, by land and by water, cud

c', J for the case of the fair trader in tobacco; and for efcerteuing tin

rates payable for the portage of certain letters; far amending and

explaining the laws relating to though safe of spiriheans Bquors by mil, as relates to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or feoff; so much of another act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his and ofaj Geo. present Majesty, intituled An act an act, made ike

S .1*' tsanty fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, entitled, tobacco', o An act for the more effectual feeuring the duties upon tobacco; kacco (talks, to prohibit the importation of currants into Great Britain m or snuff; final! packages; to repeal such part of the proviso in an add the eighteenth year of the reign of Ms present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish wines, and other wines (except Atai wines) to be imported in iinall calks for private use; and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of coconuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation' thft£of s merchandise, as relates to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or (huff; another act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his asatfoiygeo. present majeay, entitled,

3. C 81. payable on tobacco; and another act, made in ttie twemyftfk ands6geo.j. year of his present majesty*reign, intituled An off far tie mm K tffefinally preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and far At

cept in respect tafl f fa, rtrader, for discontinuing payment m

of duties bends before due, and establishing to be paid upon

thereby im the growth of the British plantations and the unitedfates of America; p°fc4* (other than and except in respect of any duty or duties imposed

under or by virtue of the said act or acts, or any or either of them), shall be, 'and the same are hereby, from and after the commencement of (his aft, repealed, limitation CLXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afore t actions. said, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything by him, ber, or then done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or fife shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall or mayptesd General issue. the general issue, and give this act and the (pedal tnatterj&r evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon; and if afterwards'a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plate tiff or plaintiffs shall discontioue his, her, or their nftsoo or ?ft*ons, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given agmeft

him.

t] Aq*0 yicefinao nono Georgii III. c. 69, 70. so$r

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant ordcfendants shall have treble costs awarded to him. Treble costs her, or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall com? commence nence nd take effect, as to all such matters and things therein

rontained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the tenth lay of Ottikr one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the highways, streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the town and liberty of Faversham, in the county of Kent, and alo certain places near or adjoining thereto; and for. removing and preventing incroachments, dbftrufuons, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

uommissioners, the knights of the Shire, the mayor, jurats, and common council of the town of Faversham, and too others resident in the 'own, and when reduced to 30, others may be chosen, having iol. per inn. within the town, or 400l. real or personal eft ate. Commissioners to defray their own expenses; and no aft valid, except at a meeting. Dooimimoners to make a rate, if the relit is not above 4l. per ann. jd. per pound. 5!, per ann. is. per pound, and above xs. yd. per pound,: he owner and tenant to pay each a moiety. Commissioners to rate landlords for their portion of rates, where the tenants not charged to poor's rates.*Oast for drying hops occupied for the season only to pay an annual iffeflnient. No arable, hop, or marsh ground to be rated. After money harrowed is paid off rates may be reduced. General highway a to remain in force. hfayor, jurats, and commonalty discharged from paving. Commissioners may borrow 4000l. which may be raised by annuities; not exceeding iol. per centum. Commissioners to fix limits of streets, and put up names, and houses may be numbered. Lamps to be setup. Power to appoint watchmen, who may apprehend xnalefa&on. Power to pur rhafc houses, etc. Actions to be brought in the name of the trtafyrer,; lerk, or surveyor, or one or more of the of Appeal to the -e<stans. The inhabitants may be Witnesses. Plaintiff not to recover litre temter'of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of: orm, Qr removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions. Treble costs. Rights of the corporation reserved.

CAP. LXX.

al for dividing and enclosing the open common fen and tags in the parish of Dunfton, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving certain p^rts thereof; and also certain ipclosed lowlands in the said parish, and in the parish of Metheringham, in the said comity.*'

9*

Three of appointed. Two of may execute this ia, and one adjourn meetings. Survey to be taken, and division made iceonding to the act. Private, roads to be repaired by proprietors of illotments and owners of enclosed lands. Not above 3 acres for get ing materials for repair of roads. Entities, etc. to be vetted in the umiimflioners. Commissioners may let the herbage of the banks. Banks n Metheringham subject to the Witham tax. The lands dug up for >anks shall not be subject to acre tax to Witham of whilst overflowed. Upon proprietors neglecting to cleanse ditches, etc. the neper officer may cajife itto be done, and distrain. The arrears of the Witham taxes for Buntton Fen are to be paid, according to the a. ' Geo.

for

Anno Ttcttfitno nono gco&oii IH« C. 1^9.

ft Oeo. s. C 31. comniaoocrt to make an award rntaia fit Mil after fruiting the allotment The award to be enrolled. Tkechatpa of draining are to be paid by the proprietors and owned: cei missionert 1mpowered to borrow 7000l. for embonktogw padbat proprietors shall not be Charged whh more than joi.yoiat. An additional lax of tot. per acre may be ntfed for drafamgc^ by oodwief proprietors. Powers of commissioners to cease upon eledbnt schbet trances. Three trustees to be chosen for supporting the Woctl at tfc end of every three years. Beery proprietor of fifty acres to bamavste in the choice of trustees. Annas] meetings of trafteca. Fortier asoi tax may be raised by consent of proprietors of xs. per acre. Tkuxt not to prejudice the works of The Wftham. Saving of amendrigtoh and general laving.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watduag feefe streets and other publick places, within that part of the paii&mssht Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, which lies on the north ad feet! Hdes of the new road leading from Psddington to iaington, old Sommers Town, and is now actually leased to Jacob Leroax efipke, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like per pofej and for preventing nuifrnces and obstructions therein.

aio Commissioners, whereof 5 may ad. Qualification of comaifbaict, tool, per a no. in the parish of Pan eras or resideat therein, or i^ool personal estate, and not to hold any place of profit. at x6 Geo. j.p.74 lor Highgate turnpikes, repealed 10 far as it extends to probtt & paving, etc. and a footway to be made on each side the road, tint oa the north side 540 feet from the land of Charles lord Southampton, * ward to the land of the Skinners company and on the foath side is length 510 feet from the duke of Bedtoras private road, eastnnd to the said Skinners company's land, and a drain of three feet, aid erodings of 7 feet wide. Rates not to exceed as. in the pound of the yearly relit of land and houses, upon the occupiers. Coamesoetsem j of rates, from March 15, 1789. An additional rate not exccetfinf 64. u'the pound of the yearly relit of houses, etc. may be laid on phoe* set paid; on the credit of which money may be borrowed by the cofettf* Goners; for which money annuities may be granted, not exceeau*. xos. percent. Money borrowed to be lodged with a banker, and Shed by the coaroifroners for the purpose8 of this act. Surplus money, ifer payment of interest and annuities, to be applied towards paying offtk principal. Securities when amount to iooil to be paid off by lot. ff occupied premifet to pay only half rates. Lessees or tenants of hysh

let out in separate apartments liable to pay the rates, etc. Publick buildings, and dead walls to be rated as. in the pound, or 6d pe square yard. Unfinished houses to be rated 6d. per yard of groesi paved not more than % oo square yards in one place. Rates may bf demanded 60 days before the quarter day on which they become d The goods of persons quitting premises without paying rates may be & trained. Sheriffs taking goods in execution to pay the rates then (fix by the owners; not exceeding one year's rates, or the value of tie goods. Alt not to prevent lord Sommers, etc. from passing over de lands leased to Mr. Leroux, etc. nor to vest any person with pdra over the Brill Farm, etc. Act not to alter the articles of Aug. 4*1713, etc.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the borough of Andevbr, in the county of Southampton, to or near bridge, in the parish of Milibrook, in the said county.

seventy-three names of proprietors, incorporated. Their style. Ike company of proprietors of the Andcvor canal navigation. Camps?

impovmd

1Anno vicesimo opto g?omu Uh C jit

wed to mike i navigable cut from Andevor to Redbridge; and id bridges, etc. No pater to be talpcn from Pill hul Brook, or the rwcr Anton below Andevor Mill. Jfp more water to be taken tkorittr Anton, than will flow through a three loch pipe. For dog the water of John judd's mill. The situation of the first lock atyaeds to the south of Fill HIM Brook, and between Grove Place tedmdm. Certain springs to the eastward not to be forced into anil. Bower to take levels. Limiting the ground to be taken, niffiooert to settle differences. For recovery of the purchase: from the company. No pits to be worked within o yards of the whthput content. Company of proprietors to contribute towards varfcs, not exceeding the fuja or 55, 000l. No proprietor to have ban one, or more than thirty shares. The money to be divided 350 equal (bares. Power to raise 30, 000l. more. to, oooo1. part: of, by additional shares, and to, ooel. residue thereof, by mortgage, rietprs at a general aflerably. Subscribers of one 350th share deemed rietors; and may vote by proxies; and shall be entitled to give one for every iool. subscribed. Canal not to be begun till 10 percent, le subscription money is paid. Rates granted to the company of irictors, ad. a mile per tonne for the lading. The expenses of; hiag and measuring to be paid by the mailer of the barge if he s a raise account. The canal and the roads and ways open and free 11 persons on paying the rates. Dimensions of the vessels to be 8 feet id and 30 feet long, and draw no more than 31-9 inches water, and gated between 4 o'clock in the morning and xo in the evening. No el €0 pass locks without consent of proprietors, unless it pays after rate of a vessel of 15 too. Company required to make tunnels ins, etc. to prevent obstruction of watercourses. For keeping them epair* For preferring watering places for cattle. Towiqg paths to fenced from the adjoining lands. Convenient bridges or arches to be ic over the said canal. Bridges for the duchy estates. Company reined from erecting any mills on the canal, etc.' Owners of land not be restrained from ere&tng wharves, etc. within their manors. If such ners shall not, upon notice of the company intending to use such ds for building warehousee, etc. erect sufficient warehouses, etc. ireon^ the same may be done by the company. To pay riverage, and ike vie of lir Charles mill's wharf in Redbridge. Rates at sir Charles IIV wharf. For coals not landed, per chaldron, id. 1-9; other ods, xd.; coals landed 6d.; wheat, etc. per xo sacks, 3d.; oats and malt r xo quarters, 3d.; timber per load of 50 feet, is.; stone, bricks, etc. r Ion, 3s. For goods put into storehouse for a month, wheat, etc. 'per arter, 6d.; malt, etc. 3d.; sugar, tallow, soap, starch and tobacco per glhead, 8d.; vinegar, spirits, etc. per hogshead, 6d.; butter per sir n, id.; hemp per tonne, 36.; paper per tonne, is.; woollen rags for maire, per tonne, 3d.; other rags per tonne is.; other goods in the lame oportion. And for the use of cranes, to pay 3d. per tonne. If the owner

occupier of the wharf refuse to find proper conveniences the company ay take to the same, or erect other wharves. For ascertaining wharfage, 3d. per tonne. Weighing engines to be erected. Names of the matter

painted on the vessels. vessels may be raeafujred by the company, raduated figures to be painted on the vessels, denoting their weight anal not under the control of of of sewers. Two plan lall be signed by the speaker of the hpufc of commons. commissioners may nold special meetings, to ascertain damages. Company not opowered to erect any buildings but for the purposes of the navigation >whers of lands may. use pleasure boats, etc. The canal to be mcaftired, nd stones setup to ascertain the rates. Appeal to the quarter fcffiow. limitation of actions. General issue Treble cotta, nor compelling ae fobferibers to pay their subseriptioa money.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3*74.; [1789.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for protecting andfocoring Umtot tofamad^riytiiiik dty of Bath, from injury by incroachmc*tsa ad imoylineer, farm larging or rebuilding the prefcot pump rooms therefore wimsg certain streets, lanes, andpublick passages, nod for — altnycertds stw streets and pai&gc* to render Che approaches to the fold 1st bstfc,

springs, and pumpropms, more fofc and coowndions.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

twenty-five commissioqera. and 5 to act. No order made by five feh be revoked, onlefii a greater number shah concur. Ctimmiffi — cri qualifications of the corporation, or to have tool, per m ar jood personal estate. Penalty on negfoft. Officers, etc. sot to take feet, Commissioners enabled to make openings, and empowered to treat for premise8. Incapacitated persons empowered to sell and convey. Allowing exchanges of premises mentioned in the schedulet. Where corporation or other persons are foiled of premifot, part only of which«wanted for the purpose of the act, they may retain the remainder, etc. i Owners not compellable to sell part of the premises. If parties caste? agree, a jury may be summoned* Jurymen may be challenged. vcnttc of jury, etc. to be final. If the of do not puithafo wiita ten years; parties not obliged to folk Tolls tube collcded on the test? round Bath, and the produce to be applied for the purposes of bec Tolls. Coach with wheels and ors horfos, 3d.; a wheels ml r horse, id.; horfos not drawing, X sd.; cattle per (core, yd.; iiccpai swine, sd. X s; on Sundays to pay doubly Ter — of the tofb, kook Monday after passing the act. For collecting the tolls by this act gnok. by the collectors at the present turnpikes. For evening got — toccfc the tolls by the act granted. Tolls may be collected at the tdrspie already erected if the of chase it. Tolls to be prid m once a day. Commissioners may compouad for tolls for 3 yean. E: emption from tolls, horfos, etc. going and — turning fro nr plough, psfom I water, or carrying corn, meal, coals, cloth, wool, provifeons, or nt m terials, or poll letters, and voters at elections, or residents of Wak. and Widcombe. Tolls, may be reduced two thirds. Tolfa may k leased. For borrowing money, 05, 000l. Tolls and money btxrm: applied to improving the streets, etc. refill ifa. yd. ffiatl bepwfr stated portions by the corporation, to be applied towards the porpe* of this act. pool, shall he paid anooally by the corporation out of tfee: own estates, in discharge of the principal money to be borrowed m A credit of the tolls. The foveral payments to be made by the corpora? shall be without prejudice to the present creditors. To bnttd 5 no streets. For repairing the prefeot pomp rooms, or building new ere for making areas or void spaces round the baths and springs, and nfi the same in the corporation. That nothing shall be done to prejetk the Kingston baths. Penalty on persons throwing things into the btr. si. for the first offence; and 4! second offence; and iol. third oflw Penalty on obstructing the execution of the act, yl. and not ttf# isr 40s. Appeal to quarter fcflmns. Proceedings not to be quitted U want of forxp, nor re — oveable by Certiorari. Limitation of actios:

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from ic to Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to join and com?, nicate with the Erewash canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and av collateral cut from the said intended canal, at or hear Codnor Pis Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said county.

Company of proprietors, seventy eight in number, incorporated. tei' powers to lay out the canal. Houses, gardens, etc. not to be injure: Restrictions relative to taking water out of, the fiver t>erwent, ati\ »: 8 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, till the same hour on Sunday afreets.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

be Whole water taken to be eqdal to dne twentieth port of the witer it Cromford Bridge. Power to take water from mines within one honfand yards of the canal. Nothing to be done to the injury of the nil of sir Richard Arkwright. Sir Richard Arkwright to raiie a weir in the berwent, and niake an aqnedudt through his lands to convey pater to the canal. Expenses of raising the weir and making the aque lu to be born by the company. In default of sir Richard Arkwright's 'ailing the weir, and making the aquedod, the company to do it. Power o open the ftiuttles of the aqueduct from Mafton mill weir to Cromford Bridge, within an hour of the time aforesaid. No water to be taken rom Lea Brook above Mr. Nightingale's cotton mil). Mr. Nightingale mpowered to make cuts under the canal. Proprietors of fire engines to ift their Water into the canal. Limitation as to taking water from any 'ivulets which supply the Erewash can&l,not more than 30 feet below: he summit of the intended canal. Breadth of canal, collateral cut, and owing paths, 16 yards broad. No building to be erected on the towing j>aths, except for the navigation. Commimonera for settling differences. Qualification of of, no profit out of the navigation. Mines, rtc. reserved to lords of manors, or to other proprietors. Coal mines, tc. nbt to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to eat liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Company to nake drains, etc. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the rompany. Proprietors to raise money amongst themselves, 46, 000l. Sach proprietor not to have less than one share, nor more than ten. The noney to be divided into shares of iool. each. Proprietors to receive; 1. percent, till canal is finished. Subscribera to have a vote for cverjr share. Proprietors may raise an additional sum, if necessary. Power: o raise money by mortgage, fnterest of money borrowed to be paid n preference to dividends Assignees not to vote on account of having ent money. Each member of committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. General and special assemblies to consist of50 shares. Power to collect rates of tonnage. Rates. Coal, coak, lime, and lime tone, per tonne per mile, xd.; for iron, lead, minerals, marble, (tone, and imber* id.x a; goods from Erewash canal not before specified, ad.; or coal crofting the river Amber, is. more; foods (except lime)' from Erewash canal, 3d. more. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile, tc. Recovery of rates by distressed. Exemption from rates, dung, and nanme, (except coals) for husbandry, and gravel, etc. for roads. Rates n the Erewash canal lessened on all articles, except coal and coak. Pain nt for wharfage. Power to alter the rates. Masters of boats to give in account in writing of particulars of lading. Quantity of tonnage, itc. ascertained, 50 feet of timber, a tonne; nine score pounds weight of ime stone deemed cwt.; six score pounds weight of ft one, coals and there goods deemed an cwt. If any difference concerning the weight,: ol!ectors may weigh vessels. Navigation to be free, on payment of rates. To prevent lock keepers, etc. giving any preference. Masters to put heir names on outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessel: o be marked, and vessels to be gauged. Masters or owners of boats an werable for damages. For fencing off towing paths, and making iridges, etc. In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and nake bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, etc. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may nake others. Company may cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the and owners expense. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to rommunicate with the canal and collateral cut. Lords of manors, and and owners, may erect warehouses, etc. on their lands. If not done within a limited time, company may build. Regulations as to private wharves. Committee to regulate the navigation. Canal not to be under: he power of of of fewer. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, etc. in same proportion as adjoining lands, etc. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to filbery reserved. Power for land owner to afe pleasure boats. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 75. [1789.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for the better relief find employment of the po of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of Westminster; for repairing the highways, regulating t1 watch, and patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lightia? moving and preventing nuisances and annoyances »ithm i streets and other public passages and places within the and for other purposes relating to the said parish.

Three or more governors and directors may act, and make «fii orders. One overseer to be appointed for each ward*the pink. Power to enlarge the infirmary, and build a chapel, and purrfafejteeri for employing the poor; and to borrow money for those pgfat io, cool. at interest, and 5 percent, yearly to be paid off, or by fikutio with or without benefit of funivorship. Power to hire places toeaffef the poor, and to keep the workhouse and other buildings in trpw Burial ground behind the workhouse not to be used as a pchlicfctami ground. Vestry may appoint surveyors of the highways. Kite lobe laid for the relief of the poor, and for repairing the highway. Vein to appoint beadles, watchmen, and patrols, and a committee fcrlfe management of them. Committee to appoint additional watchmea uj patrols. Rates to be laid for defraying the expenses of the beadles, t 6d. per pound relit. Expenses of erecting the watch house to be rri bursed out of the watch rate, and the expenses of erecting the wo. houfr, etc. to be paid out of the poor's rate. Vestry to appoint a 9'mittee for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets. Property cf pu ments veiled in committee. Committee to cause the streets to.ljei paired, clean fed, and lighted, and the garden in Hanover Square to'embellished. Contracts already made to be valid. Level or the dp ments in this and adjoining parities, at the juntlion, not to hesto without approbation of the respective committees of paving. Kras 0 streets to be put up, and houses and lamp irons numbered. Pronfiarj for paving, etc. extended to such part of Bond Street as is in St. jatesi parish. Vestry to make rates for paving, etc. Bond Street, Blcnbeiff Street, and part of Stafford and other streets, and for reducing fu, to pay off not less annually than6ool. nor more than rooool. Deiiricon in the rates to be made up in the next succeeding year. Rates salt exceed the highest sum raised in any year within the i aft six years. Tn Cent fepurities for the money due to remain valid. Creditors wife paid by lot. Places exempted from the provisions of the adforpariq cleansing, and lighting, Berkeley Square, or Grosvenor Square, gawlq 6 Geo 3. C 54. and 14 Geo. 3. c. 5a. Piccadilly, between clargetsttr and Hyde Parke Corner, Park Lane, between Piccadilly and flcctft, Street, or to Oxford Street, or parts adjoining. Lord cameubrd'f kafc etc. to be rated to this parish. Carriages not to pass alone Msdda Street and Mill Street, for one hour before and an hour after dinv service, on Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday. Scarce gen h to i'weep dirt, etc. within ten feet distance of the common sewer. 1 cinders, etc. to be carried away, but by the feavengers, except for use of the owner. No hoards to be creeled without licence. tabling the hours of taking away night soil, 11 o'clock at night rd o'clock in the morning, from Michaelmas to ladyday, IX odea night and 4 o'clock in the morning the other part of the year. Dircdw for repairing pavement taken up on account of water pipes. Whetr u: pavement ie taken up, the place to be lighted in the night time. pa ment not sufficiently made good after repairing pipes, to be again tai up and re laid. Pavioura to water companies to send their names u>tk committee. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of pavement bro- -- water pipes. Those expenses or rela>ing pavement be ascertained on oath. Time limited for demanding Inch expend months. Officers to water companies may ir.sped books of commits Owners of empty house6 to pay one half rate. Veftvy may employee Tonnes to assist in making the rates. Notice to be given of hailing of nt

J; Anno vicesimo nono Georgii Ut. C 76, 77.

of houses let in separate apartments; etc. to be paid by owners \i€<n*fhba0fefc>rt houses to be paid by the landlord. Lands, etc; nte+fopip&\nxt*(x)br<tin£tf) the extent of the pavement, dd: per e yird^pw: 4 ml.'commencement and recovery of rates, froth to w pa quarterly Persons diflhtisfied with the rattsmay forrtttef; and if dissatisfied may appeal to the quarter oat f(^hlwdief«^ who may erre, bat (half not qeath the whole Vestry may re6hfy omhahnadn* the rates. Veftty to appoint a are, and collectors, and take security from their collectors, ^ispthlto the quarterfession#. Where justfces may wire costa ip€ltaim, ^eymay: dite by whom the same shall be paid; and if tffterffis'lhatt ite made upon the vestry cfcfk, be shall be reimburstd xparce* Vfcltrymeir, etc. "may act ts jtt&ices. Limitation of ao^Oeftftrat issue true Costs. Impoweritig the vestry to hold r meeting rrhere they think proper. If umber of reftrytnen to cow tt wpntfettag* of the rector, of curate, and One churchwarden and eight rymew. Vestrymen may retign tfcehr* office; How chairmen of tiagsftiall be appointed. Commencement Wfthtfftr, Dec. 1, 17*9. ner acterepealed, 8 Geo. ». C ry. if Geo. i.ojpy^ mgeo.j. cupo, }eoi y C 85. so far as relates to the paruh bpst. George Hanover ate. Ekpences of the act. r

CAP. lxxvh

act fby rivfving certain powers granted by at act mide hi the tenth ear bf tfee^igjti of huprefefit Majesty, (entitled, An act for dividing ndjscjbfibg Uich of the open parts of the distrfet called the Forest dktri^cfborcugh, in the bounty of York, as He whtrtu the tleveh tmftitfferjea thereof; and fr other ptorposes therein mentioned^irtd of the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign, for amending ifer'act; andfpr making the said two acts more effectual.

private act. no. 91.} 14 Geo. 3. Redttldf powers to make el ricifaj of the power to tenants For lift' to borrow yot. per Rrcital tnatthecomfdiftionersexecuted theirgeneral Butler, Witligm Chippeqdale, John flintoff, and Thomas commtdipners.william Hill, and Richard Ridmrdson, rer of exchange by parties |nterested. Copyhold ex t chold to be freehold, and so vice versa. Rectors, etc. ge lands, etc. Atthout licence. Tenants for life may bor nts as they dhbld have done under the former acts. To, Interest. pfqvifioii for establishing the outhoundarics of tapdl tying open to wastes of other places. Other parties cm foi

ftd to exchange for the better settling the boundaries.00 acres rtwax Harrowgate for the benefit of persons at the spas. Certain to be iraised therewith. Commissionera may make rules prevail hg'aftd punching abqres. For veiling a power to alter rules her th^kfithbrity of the corntnittioners shall cehfe. Orders to be filed: knafefobfou&h. Refirictions, fare only laying out the money. Ground s befhcfoftd' from the waste, land, etc. not to exceed aoo acres. Ap eklt4 he Quarter felfioris.

4; w cap. xxxvii.

in^aetfor continuing and making more effectual the acts, of parliament forwpetmbg, clean ling, repairing, and improving the harbour of South wold, in the county of Suffolk.

ogee. ic. 14. and go.Geo. a. C 58. recited, and further continued or 30year*(except where hereby altered.) Commissioners, high Reward ad bailiffs of South wold, and the knights of the Shire for the county, if Suffolk, and 15 others. Qualification of of, 501. per inn. or spool, Two of may adjourn. To pay their own apences. Chairman to have the calling vote. Commissioners. may get jubicca. Osiers taking fees to forfeit jol. From June4# 1789, the H h h % n i duties

s13

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1789.

f > drift inipoled by theredltd thf dultctin^lsri^lc

*to4h4* act to be paid. Cofeimlfliolers to rate articles not spepiuj intk schedule. Duties to be paid before departure of vessels fro the hr hour, etc. Double duties to be paid by foreign vrifets. Collectors nay admeasure vefteu. Tonnage to be ascertained, according to S Asar, giv No cooyuet to be made out till the duties be paid. q&er may distrain for the duties The duties are to be applied to repair the harbour. Commissioner may examine persons liable to the duties, apoa oath. Commissionert may lower the dotted, and raise them agan, ad may direct the mooring and ballasting of vessels, and prevent rocnad. menu. Account of reocipt* and payment to be fat«un«xfly.,; m commissioners may borrow money. Five commissioseis niay act, aid none of their orders to be revoked, unless nine at a fuhfrquent «eetic§ concur therein. Eleven commissioner* may make bye lm. Appeal commufioner* may compound penalties and award lafamerv Ship belonging to South wold exempted from the duties for rcpaihagfrmr harbour. Proceeding not to be quashed for want of turn, nor it movable by Certiorari. Tender of amends. Limitattoi of atm General tfne. tifcbk costs . Bates as io ichedule.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for dividing, Inclosing, and draining, the open fields, top pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of West Haddlesey, Chapel Haddlesey, and East Haddlesey, and Temple Hurst, in the parish of Burkin, in the west riding of the county of York.

Three of, Survey. Claim to be laid before the cook ftonen, to determine what part of certain estates is covered by note Allotment to the rector for tithes. Certain Unds to (je.fct rector as pert of hit auotaienu. compengitioa for tithes of old tab sores, where the proprietors have not foflident property is be inclosed. Power to determine u hether certain eftites art fab^tt a modus, or to tithe rn kind. Allotment to lord Steffiekl forth! fial Allotment for getting done, etc. Allotment for the commas*iterf of oertaia parts of the lands. Allotment of the residue of tkcooiwr* Allotment of the residue of the fields, inland paftcfei. Povern make exchanges. Rector may lease his allot merit. Comniffioam '* make embankments, and set out roads, etc Not to dnm; tkbam of Selby canal, but to be a foreihoee of 5 yards, wide, and ttatastiniift one foot highj Future repair of the bantu to belong to Wijpan^ cockch and the trustees of John Sawyer. William cockelt, etc. nbt to enter s the land of others without proper notice. No (beep or attic to

be pastured io the allotments for seven years. Award When iockfo'fimfbed, all right of common to cease. Recovery of tithes, etc. da before making the award to George Alderson thf rector. X era to direct the allowance for timber, etc. Increased rest to be p.s.', ', tenants for year the ad not to ailed any former chute spoote lands to be endorsed. Upon death of any rector, his reprefcitattai u' have a proportion of the rents pod profits to his death. Farmen qw ting their firms, their summer crops' to be subject to tytha: Tex; of the allotments to he exchanged, which before Were cofftbokl.to k deemed copyhold, and those before freehold to be deemed rreebo^ Commissioners to appoint the course of husbandry. Allowance for crop growing at the time of the division. Former htdgertnay be coatimw flndofurcs to be made and preserved at the expense of the omen Rector'* allotment to be indofed at the general exprifc&^ffojhrty, mar mark and stake Aut their allotments, and guard their qaickib Gaps to be left In the fences. Rails may be let across the adjoin: ditches the act to be paid by tfte owners. Rector not: bftfoi$ed?t* thtexpspees of ahead

Power to borrow money to*At the rate of 40*. per acre.

---

Allowance to the of and surveyors. Commissioners to account. Appeal. Material rights saved. General saving.

[Indexes removed.]

