THE

Statutes at Large

Anno tricesimo sexto Georgii III. Regis

Being the SIXTH Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XL. PART II.

A

TABLE OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed anno tricesimo sexto.

GEORGII III.

Being the Sixth Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

Cap. 3. To prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provision, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty.

Cap. 4. To continue an act for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

Cap. 5. To prohibit the exportation of candles, tallow, and soap, for a limited time.

Cap. 6. To prohibit, for a limited time, the making of starch, hair powder, and blue, from wheat, and other articles of food; and for lowering the duties on the importation of starch, and of other articles made thereof.

Cap. 7. For the safety and preservation of his Majesty's person and government against treasonable and seditious practices and attempts.

Cap. 8. For the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies.

Cap. 9. To prevent obstructions to the free passage of grain within the kingdom.

Cap. 10. For the better relief of the poor, within the several hundreds, towns, and districts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor; and for enlarging the powers of the guardians of the poor, within the said several hundreds, towns, and districts, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places, within their respective hundreds, towns, and districts, for the support and maintenance of the poor.

Cap. 11. For embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain stinted pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 12. For raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 13. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tobacco and snuff.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majesty further additional duties on the amount of the duties, under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horses, not charged with duty by any other act or acts of parliament, and on mules.

Cap. 16. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

Cap. 17. For repealing the duties on licences to persons using or exercising the business of an horse dealer, and granting new duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 18. For the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar.

Cap. 19. For determining the present allowances for waste on salt carried coastwise, and for reducing the respective times of payment of the duties on salt.

Cap. 20. To continue, for a further limited time, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty; and to prohibit the distillation of low wines or spirits from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes.

Cap. 21. For allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation into Great Britain of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British ships, or other ships the property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehouse for home consumption.

Cap. 22. To permit bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread.

Cap. 23. To amend so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, as prevents the distributing occasional relief to poor persons in their own houses, under certain circumstances and in certain cases.

Cap. 24. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 25. To enable the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several cuts, and other works, authorised to be made and done by them, by virtue of several acts of parliament.

Cap. 26. To explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the Royal Exchange assurance of houses and goods from fire.

Cap. 27. To explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the London assurance of houses and goods from fire.

Cap. 28. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 29. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

Cap. 30. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

Cap. 31. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 32. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 33. For extending the term of the tax on lands, and tolls on goods, wares, and merchandizes, granted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the said levels, as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to sea by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

Cap. 34. To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to raise a certain sum of money, for discharging some arrears of interest, and other debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said navigation.

Cap. 35. To enable the trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the same; to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said act.

Cap. 36. For encreasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

Cap. 37. For further continuing an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

Cap. 38. For rendering effectual an act of the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the places united therewith, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Cap. 39. To amend an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 40. To continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns, made of flax; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the importation of rape seed, and other seeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores, to be consumed on board merchant ships in their voyages; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland, and the British plantations in America; and to the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

Cap. 41. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

Cap. 42. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation to finish and complete the same; and for amending the act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 43. To enlarge the powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein, and for erecting a market house, and holding a publick market in the said vill.

Cap. 44. To vary and alter the line of the canal, authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making a navigable canal from the river Kennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath; and also certain navigable cuts therein described; and to amend the said act; and also to make a certain navigable cut therein described.

Cap. 45. To amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the highways, streets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, therein.

Cap. 46. For making a navigable canal from the river Exe near the town of Topsham, in the county of Devon, to the river Tone, near the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for cleansing and making navigable a certain part of the said river Tone, and for making certain cuts from the said canal.

Cap. 47. For making a navigable canal from or near Gain's Cross, in the parish of Shillingston Okeford, in the county of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal at or near Widbrook, in the county of Wilts, and also a certain navigable branch from the intended canal.

Cap. 48. To vary and alter the line of a canal authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canals with certain railways and stone roads, from several collieries in the county of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon canals in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts, and to alter and amend the said act.

Cap. 49. For paving, repairing, and cleansing the highways, streets, and lanes, in the town of Folkstone, and liberty thereof, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 50. For lighting and watching the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Wakefield, in the county of York, and for the more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 51. For paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Beccles, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 52. For repealing certain duties on legacies and shares of personal estates, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cases.

Cap. 53. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of his Majesty in council respecting the exportation of rock salt; for preventing suits in consequence of the same; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation or carrying coastwise of rock salt; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

Cap. 54. To amend an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

Cap. 55. For making the port of Scarborough, in the island of Tobago, a free port, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 56. For amending an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British ships, or other ships, the property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehouse for home consumption.

Cap. 57. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 58. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United States,

Cap. 59. For the more effectual execution of several acts of parliament, made for the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 60. To regulate the making and vending of metal buttons; and to prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real quality of such buttons.

Cap. 61. For further continuing and amending the several acts passed for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-Bone, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 62. To enable his Majesty to grant to John earl of Westmorland, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the hayes or walks of Sulehay Ferms and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon, a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

Cap. 63. To enable his Majesty to grant to Henry earl of Exeter, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interests, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Westhay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration. to be paid for the same.

Cap. 64. To. enable his Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, esquire, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the lawn of Benefield, and the bailiwick of Rockingham, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

Cap. 65. For re-building the parish church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, and the vestry rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinstating the iron rails inclosing the scite of the said church, and the gates leading thereto; and for making several regulations relating to the said parish.

Cap. 66. For enabling the commissioners for executing an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places within the King's town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parish of Maidstone, to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said act.

Cap. 67. For making and maintaining a navigation from Morwelham Quay, in the parish of Tavistock, in the county of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the parish of North Tamerton, in the county of Cornwall, and also a certain collateral cut from Powlson Bridge, in the parish of Lifton, in the said county of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the parish of Saint Stephen, near to the borough of Launceston, in the said county of Cornwall.

Cap. 68. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Aberdeen, in the parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the river at or near the south end of the bridge over the same (adjacent to the royal burgh of lnveruri) in the parish of Kintore, all within the county of Aberdeen, North Britain.

Cap. 69. To amend an act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff, in the county of Glamorgan, and for extending the said canal to a place called The Lower Layer, below the said town.

Cap. 70. To enable the company of proprietors of the Leominster canal navigation to finish and complete the same.

Cap. 71. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the Whitchurch line of the said canal and collateral cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherryman's Bridge, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the said county of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

Cap. 72. For dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining and preserving certain commons and waste grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the manor and parish of Ramsey, in the county of Huntingdon, and for repealing an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Widow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

Cap. 73. For laying an additional tax upon the lands within the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the county of Lincoln, for the further support and preservation of the principal banks and works of the said north level.

Cap. 74. For raising the sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities.

Cap. 75. For further continuing for a limited time an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies.

Cap. 76. To indemnify all persons who have acted in consequence of orders in council, issued since the twenty-second day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships; and to authorise the issuing of orders, in council for the like purpose, for a limited time.

Cap. 77. To explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of the mackarel fishery.

Cap. 78. For charging the duty on mahogany imported by weight.

Cap. 79. For reducing the duty payable on black lead imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 80. For repealing the stamp duties on licences to sell gloves and mittens by retail.

Cap. 81. For allowing the importation of melasses from any country in British ships or vessels, and in ships or vessels belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

Cap. 82. More effectually to prevent the landing of goods, wares, and merchandize, without the presence of the proper officer; to authorise officers of the customs to convey wines laying on the quays to his Majesty's warehouse within a certain time after the landing thereof; and to require the owners of ships, vessels, and boats, licensed by the admiralty, to give security to re-deliver their licences, in case any such ships, vessels, or boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

Cap. 83. For the further support and maintenance of curates within the church of England, and for making certain regulations respecting the appointment of such curates, and the admission of persons to cures augmented by Queen Anne's bounty, with respect to the avoidance of other benefices.

Cap. 84. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time beings to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

Cap. 85. For the better regulation of mills.

Cap. 86. To prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, weight, and sale of butter; and to repeal certain acts relating thereto.

Cap. 87. For regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 88. To regulate the buying and selling of hay and straw; and for repealing so much of two acts, made in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of hay and straw, within the limits therein mentioned.

Cap. 89. For assessing the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the duties on salt, for their salaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city and liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the duchy liberty in the Strand, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 90. For the relief of persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several stocks and annuities transferable at the bank of England.

Cap. 91. For dissolving a certain partnership, society, or undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the joint stock and funds belonging thereto, amongst the members thereof.

Cap. 92. For amending and reducing into one act of parliament, two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the trained bands or militia of the said city.

Cap. 93, To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan, and for making improvements in the lights at The Mumbles.

Cap. 94. For building a bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from West End to Botley, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 95. For authorising the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston canal navigation to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, and for amending and altering the act made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 96. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at Shrewsbury in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey, at or near Netherpool in the county of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the course of the said canal and collateral cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

Cap. 97. To enable his Majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancaster, to make a grant of certain lands, for the purpose of carrying into execution an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 98. For widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the haven, of the town and port of Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 99. For the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving certain low lands and grounds, lying and being in the several parishes or townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 100. For draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain tracts of common and waste lands, called Maryshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the country of Marshland, in the county of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the stocking, feeding, and depasturing of the said smeeth and fen, until the inclosure, division, and allotment thereof.

Cap. 101. For dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields, ings, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the several townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby in the several parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 102. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Lincoln, and county of the same city, and of the parish of Saint Margaret, part whereof lies within the said city, and the other part in the close of Lincoln, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 103. For rebuilding the parish church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the city of London.

Cap. 104. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 105. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 106. To amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.

Cap. 107. For continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. 108. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and securing the duties on foreign sail cloth imported; to securing the duties upon foreign-made sail cloth, and charging foreign-made sails with a duty; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British-made cordage.

Cap. 109. Further to continue an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 110. For permitting the carrying coastwise of lime, limestone, dung, and other articles of manure, without taking out sufferance, transire, or let-pass.

Cap. 111. To prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the paper manufactory.

Cap. 112. For authorising his Majesty to order the registering, and the granting certificates of registry, to certain ships and vessels, the property of his Majesty's subjects, which had belonged to, or been in possession of, the enemy, and concerning which doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing laws in that behalf.

Cap. 113. For allowing the importation of arrow root from the British plantations, and also of linseed cakes, and rape cakes, from any foreign country, in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to law, without payment of duty.

Cap. 114. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 115. To enforce the due execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 116. For making allowances, in certain cases, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

Cap. 117. To exempt dairies and rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying cheese and butter, from the duties on windows and lights.

Cap. 118. To authorise the sale of fish at Billingsgate, by retail.

Cap. 119. To enable the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the East India house, and to widen the north end of Lime Street.

Cap. 120. For enabling the East India company to perform an engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier gentleman, respecting the importation of cotton from the East Indies.

Cap. 121. For further continuing the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by two acts, passed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

Cap. 122. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling and transport bills.

Cap. 123. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on foreign wines and British sweets, and on foreign wines sold by auction.

Cap. 124. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs.

Cap. 125. For the better collection of the duty on hats.

Cap. 126. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 127. For enabling the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase ground for building warehouses upon, and to make a new street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 128. To continue the term of two acts passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well, at the north west end of the town or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called Riverhill, in the parish of Sevenoaks, in the said county.

Cap. 129. For enlarging the term and powers of three acts of the sixth and sixteenth years of his late Majesty, and the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Wades Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said county.

Cap. 130. For continuing the term of certain acts for repairing the road from North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Cap. 131. For amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads in and through his Majesty's forest of Dean, and the waste lands thereto belonging, in the county of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the course of the said roads, and for making several new roads in the said forest to lead to certain places in and near the same; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain roads leading from the said forest to and through several parts of the parish of Newland, adjoining the said forest: and also leading from the bottom of a place called The Viney Hill in the said forest, to and through certain parts of the parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said forest, in the said county of Gloucester.

Cap. 132. For making and repairing the roads from the bridge of Dee southward, through the county of Kincardine, to or near to the town of Stonehaven, and from thence by Inverbervie and by Laurence Kirk, to the lower and upper bridges over the river Northesk; and for making effectual the statute labour in the said county, and levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases, and other wise regulating, making, and repairing, high roads and bridges in the said county of Kinkardine.

Cap. 133. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, and also several other roads therein mentioned, so far as the said acts relate to the said road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

Cap. 134. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty, in as far as respects the road from North Queensferry, in the county of Fife, to the town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the landing places at the Queensferry.

Cap. 135. To continue the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield, to the Alton turnpike road, near Ropley, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 136. For making and maintaining a convenient carriage road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a branch from the said road to the town of South Shields, all in the county of Durham.

Cap. 137. For more effectually repairing the road from Colne to Blackburn, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 138. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three several acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, so far as the same acts relate to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the south-west corner of the inclosures of Harrowgate, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 139. For amending and rendering more effectual two acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads in the county of Perth.

Cap. 140. To enlarge the term and powers of three acts passed in the thirteenth year of King George the First, the seventeenth year of King George the Second, and the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies in the county of Bucks, and for amending the road from Slough to a certain place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 141. For enlarging the term of an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 142. For amending and keeping in repair the road from the turnpike road in Little Yarmouth to the turnpike road at Blythburgh, and also the road from Brampton to Halesworth, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 143. For repairing and amending the road leading from Crofsford Bridge within Stretford, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the county palatine of Chester.

Cap. 144. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge in the town of Blackburne, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 145. For enlarging the term and powers of two several acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Henshall's Smithy upon Cranage Green, through the town of Nether Knutsford, and by the south guide post in Mere and Buklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester, and from the said guide post to Warrington in the county of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane near Northwich in the said county of Chester.

Cap. 146. For enlarging the term and powers of certain act$ of parliament, made for repairing the several roads in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so far as relates to the road leading from a place called Streetway in the county of Stafford, though Wolverhampton to Wordsley Green Gate, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 147. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other roads in the counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

Cap. 148. For altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the county palatine of Chester.

Cap. 149. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the term of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place, near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and thence to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the south end of Newton Bridge, and from the said guide post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads, except from the said guide post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

Cap. 150. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the several roads near the towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the county of Nottingham, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road branching out of one of the said roads, in the village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate road, and the Newark and Southwell turnpike road at Great Bridge, all in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 151. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Stall Gate Close, at the south west end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill, and from the said town of Ampthill, to Wobourn Park, in the county of Bedford, and also the road branching out of the same, in Kempston Field, to the turnpike road leading from Hitchin to the said town of Bedford, except so far as the same relates to the road leading from the south end of Ridgemont Town to the entrance of Woburn Park, at a place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a road from the south end of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husborn Crawley, to the north end of the town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said part of the said road leading from the south end of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the highway from thence, through the said park, to where it joins the road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said county of Bedford.

Cap. 152. For raising, maintaining, and keeping in repair, the road from the north end of the bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the west end of Saint Mary's church yard, by way of Hollow Stone, in the parish of Saint Mary, in the town of Nottingham, and for erecting and maintaining such and so many flood bridges upon the said road as may be necessary to carry off the flood water, and for widening and improving the entrance into the town of Nottingham by way of Hollow Stone.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common downs, common meadows, Waste lands, and other commonable places, within the several tythings or hamlets of Michelmersh, Braishfield, and Awbridge, in the manor and parish of Mitchelmersh, and within the manor and parish of Timsbury, in the county of Southampton.

2. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Wakeman esquire, with Theodosia Freeman his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bone and John Henry Charles Albrecht.

4. An act for naturalizing John Henry Freese.

5. An act for naturalizing Petrus Wilhelmus Aloysius Pottgeisser.

6. An act for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called Maria Ann Blaauw.

7. An act to exonerate the estate of sir Charles Rich baronet, and dame Mary Frances his wife, situate in the county of Surrey, from certain annuities, or annual sums, payable during the life and for the benefit of sir George Rich baronet, upon the terms therein mentioned.

8. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, and all other commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Alvescot, in the county of Oxford.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste, and other commonable lands, within the tything of Awre, in the parish of Awre, in the county of Gloucester.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain commons and waste lands, and open fields, within the several parishes of Reymerstone, Letton, Cranworth, and Southbergh, alias Barrow, in the county of Norfolk.

11. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and other commonable grounds and places, of and within the parish, lordship, and liberties of Dunton Basset, in the county of Leicester.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Great Woolstone, in the county of Buckingham.

13. An act to obviate a doubt touching the validity of certain parts of an award, made in pursuance of an act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain open tract of land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the west riding of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, whole year lands, half year lands, commons, fen grounds, and waste lands, within the parish of Northwold, in the county of Norfolk.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common downs, waste lands, and other commonable places, in the parish of Nether Wallop, in the county of Southampton.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, waste lands, moors, and other commonable places, within the several parishes of Basing and Mapplederwell, in the county of Southampton.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the commonable lands and waste grounds within the manors of Kedewen, Hopton, and Overgorther, in the county of Montgomery.

18. An act for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbren.

19. An act for naturalizing Maria Gordon, otherwise Allan, spinster.

20. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Rebenack.

21. An act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Corthym.

22. An act for naturalizing John Justus Runkel.

23. An act for naturalizing Henry Christian Reimer.

24. An act to enable the right honourable Richard Grenville Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and the right honourable Anna Eliza Brydges, spinster, commonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make settlements on the marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective minorities.

25. An act for enabling the trustees for sale of certain estates of sir John Honywood baronet, which stood settled on him as tenant for life, unimpeachable for waste, to sell the same estates with the timber and underwood standing, and for allowing him to receive the amount of such timber and underwood at a fair valuation, and for debarring him from falling timber, or committing waste, on the lands hereafter to be purchased.

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain open and common fields, common meadow's, common pastures, common downs, and other commonable and waste lands, lying and being in that part of the manor of Elcombe which is situate within the parish of Wroughton, and within the tything of Uffcot, in the parish of Broad Hinton, in the county of Wilts.

27. An act for dividing a certain heath, called Somersham Heath, in the county of Huntingdon and for dividing and inclosing such parts of the said heath as shall be allotted to the parishes of Woodhurst, Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and also the open fields and commonable lands within the said parishes.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, undivided inclosures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of Kimberworth, in the parish of Rotheram, in the west riding of the county of York.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain parcel or tract of commonable ground, formerly part of King's Sedgmoor, lying in the parish of Butleigh, in the county of Somerset.

30. An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Woollavington, in the county of Somerset.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and common or waste land, within the parish of Tysoe, in the county of Warwick.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Cheswardine, in the county of Salop.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Gateford and Shireoaks, in the parish of Worksop, in the county of Nottingham.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Beighton, in the county of Derby.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the federal open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Blunham and Northill, in the county of Bedford.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Grandborough, in the county of Buckingham.

37. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds within the manor and borough of Macclesfield, in the county of Chester.

38. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open and common fields, commbn meadows, common pastures, lammas grounds, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Little Brickhill, in the county of Bucks.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the manors and parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumrew, within, and parcel of, the barony of Gilsland, in the county of Cumberland.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds in the several townships of Thornton, Farmanby, Ellerburn, and Kingthorp, within the parishes of Thornton, Ellerburn, and Pickering, in the north riding of the county of York, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed lands in the same townships.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several commons and waste lands, within the manor and hamlet of Balsall, in the parish of Hampton in Arden, in the county of Warwick.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Snenton in the county of Nottingham.

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year or every year lands, half year, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Little Barton, other wise Barton Mills, in the county of Suffolk.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Norton, in the county of Hertford.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Pertenhall, in the county of Bedford.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, leys, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordship of Hibalstowe, in the county of Lincoln.

47. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Townsend Mullins esquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act for naturalizing David Mitchel.

49. An act for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrels.

50. An act for carrying into execution an agreement entered into by William Egerton esquire, for the sale of the sum of twenty thousand pounds, and interest, advanced upon an alignment of the Chester canal navigation, with its appurtenances, together with the said security for the same, and to enable the trustees appointed by the will of Samuel Egerton esquire, deceased, to convey and dispose of the said sums and security, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof upon the trusts of the said will.

51. An act for effectuating an exchange of certain lands in the several parishes of Ickham, in the county of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the city of Canterbury, between the guardians of the poor of the city of Canterbury and Thomas Barret, of Lee in the county of Client, esquire.

52. An act for effectuating a partition of certain estates in the county of Leicester belonging to Samuel Madden esquire, and Catherine his wife, and Charles Leslie the younger, esquire, and Ann his wife, in their own rights, and to Samuel Pipe Walferstan esquire, and John Moore clerk, as trustees under the wills of Alicia Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel spinsters, both deceased, and for other purposes.

53. An act to enable and empower trustees to sell certain copyhold estates belonging to Catherine Dallman Elliott, an infant, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the use of the said infant.

54. An act for vesting the real estates, devised by the will of John Wilkinson, late of Whitby in the county of York, esquire, deceased, in trustees, in trust, to be sold, and for applying the money arising therefrom, or a sufficient part thereof, in discharge of his debts affecting the same estates, in aid of his personal estate, and for placing out at interest the residue thereof, under the direction of the court of chancery, upon the trusts declared by the said will of such real estate.

55. An act for vesting certain manors, messuages, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate within Weardley, Eccup, and Harewood, in the west riding of the county of York, (part of the settled estates of sir John Sheffield baronet), in Edward Lascelles the elder, esquire, for his life, with certain remainders over, discharged of and from the several uses, entail, and trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling the manor or reputed manor of Eccup, and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, within Eccup, Addle, Cookeridge, East Breary, and West Breary, in the said county of York, and also divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Lincoln, respectively, belonging to the said Edward Lascelles the elder and Edward Lascelles the younger, of much greater value in lieu thereof, and by way of exchange to the like uses, entail and trusts.

56. An act for effectuating a partition of the estates of Thomas Leacroft esquire, and John Leacroft gentleman, in the lordship or liberty of Litchurch, in the county of Derby.

57. An act to enable Evelyn Philip Medows esquire, and others after his death, to grant building leases of certain estates in the parish of Whitechapel, in the county of Middlesex.

58. An act for vesting the estates in the county of Cambridge, devised by John Swale esquire, in trustees, to be sold at the same time with certain estates of John Swale esquire, the son, and for applying part of the monies to arise from the sale of the first mentioned estates in discharging legacies, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of estates to be settled to the same uses.

59. An act for vesting the rectory of Lyth in trustees, for the purpose of completing the sale thereof.

60. An act for setting out lands in lieu of, and compensation for, the rights of common in or upon the woodlands, and other lands and grounds, in the bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and for extinguishing such common rights.

61. An act for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barrington, in the county of Cambridge.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Ridgemont, in the county of Bedford.

63. An act for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, common meadows, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Houghton Regis, in the county of Bedford.

64. An act for improving, dividing, and inclosing, the commons, waste grounds, and mosses, in the parish of Cartmel, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Maulden, in the county of Bedford.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Sherington, in the county of Buckingham.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and commonable places of Walcott, in the parish of Misterton, in the county of Leicester.

68. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the open fields, common and waste grounds, within the several townships of West Ella, Kirk Ella, and Willerby in the county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and within that part of Willerby, which lies in the county of York.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Ellough, Worlingham Saint Mary, otherwise Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise Little Worlingham, and North Cove, in the county of Suffolk.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Mirfield, in the county of York.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Marston Moretaine, in the county of Bedford.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and meadows, commonable and intermixed lands and waste grounds, within the several parishes of Barnwood, Matson, Saint Mary de Lode, Saint Catherine, and Saint Michael and within the south hamlet and vill of Wotton, all in the county of Gloucester.

73. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common arable fields, and extinguishing the right of pasturage upon a piece of land called Hayne's Close, within the parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanley, in the county of Dorset.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, halfyear's land, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Scredington, in the county of Lincoln.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, wastes, and common ground, in the parish, liberties, and precincts of Whitfield, in the county of Northampton.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open common fields, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the township of Hambleton, in the parish of Brayton, in the west riding of the county of York.

77. An act to dissolve the marriage of Lancelot Shadwell esquire, barrister at law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

78. An act for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Ernest baron de Feilitzsch.

79. An act for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven.

80. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the settled estates of Walter Fawkes esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase or manors, or other hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with the mansion house at Farnley Hall, and the bulk of the settled estates, to the like uses as such detached parts stand limited.

81. An act to enable the vicar of the parish of Blackburn, in the county of Lancaster, to grant a lease or leases, with powers of renewal, of part of the glebe lands belonging to the said vicarage.

82. An act to enable trustees to convey part of the settled estates of John Newnham esquire, deceased, in the county of Sussex, unto sir John Shelley baronet, his heirs and assigns, in exchange for certain messuages and lands in the same county.

83. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William Parker Hamond esquire, in the county of Middlesex, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging incumbrances, and for laying out the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the said trustees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant leases of part of the said estates for the purpose of building.

84. An act for making a partition and division of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the will of William Powell esquire, deceased, and now held in undivided moieties, and for settling and assuring the specific and entire messuages, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon such partition, are respectively allotted to be held in severalty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided moieties, to the several uses, and subject to the several charges and incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affecting, such undivided moieties respectively.

85. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the real estate late of sir Edward Vaughan Mansell baronet, deceased, situate in the county of Carmarthen, in trustees, in trust, to be sold, and to apply the money, to arise from such sale, in the reduction of the several mortgages, or other incumbrances subsisting upon, or affecting, such real estate, and also for enabling such trustees to demise the mines, eins, or seams of coal, lying under the residue of such real estate, in such manner, and with such consent, as therein is mentioned.

86. An act to impower the guardians of the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, an infant, to charge his settled estates with certain sums of money for the purposes therein mentioned, and to grant building and other leases, and make exchanges or sales of certain parts of the said estates, and for other purposes.

87. An act for confirming several purchases, conveyances, and settlements, made of the estates of the most honourable Francis marquis of Hertford and Isabella Ann marchioness of Hertford, his wife, lord William Gordon and Frances his wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his wife, Henry Hervey Aston and Harriot his wife, and sir John Ramsden and dame Louisa Susanna his wife.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, pastures, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Weston, in the county of Nottingham.

89. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands within the several parishes of Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Islington, in the county of Norfolk.

90. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadow, pasture, and other commonable and waste lands, in the lordship or liberties of Twyford, in the county of Leicester.

91. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other commonable lands, within the parish of Hampton Poyle, in the county of Oxford.

92. An act for altering, varying, and amending an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the open fields, ings, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Old Malton, in the north riding of the county of York.

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain commons and waste lands within the manors or lordships of Farnworth and Kersey, in the parish of Dean, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, marsh, meadow, and moor grounds, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Tattershall and townships of Tattershall Thorpe and Kirkby super Bane, in the county of Lincoln, and for more effectually embanking and draining the said marsh and meadow grounds, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the said parish of Tattershall, and township of Tattershall Thorpe, abutting on the river Witham and river Bane, in the said county of Lincoln.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barwick in Elmet, in the county of York.

96. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, and such other commonable lands and waste grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the lord ship of Caistor, in the county of Lincoln.

97. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, all the open common fields, meadows, pasture lands, commons, and waste grounds, in the townships of Luddington and Garthorpe, in the parish of Luddington, in the county of Lincoln.

98. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the county of Nottingham.

99. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Sharrington, in the county of Norfolk.

100. An act to divide, allot, improve, and inclose, the open fields, meadows, commons, wastes, and heath grounds, and other open and uninclosed lands, in the parish of Ufford, with Ashton and Bainton, in the county of Northampton.

101. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rockford, in the county of Lincoln.

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, and pastures, in the parish of Barrington, in the county of Hereford.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, common pastures, commons, waste, and other uninclosed lands grounds, and within the manor or lordship, and parish of East Bridgford, in the county of Nottingham.

104. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Farrer esquire, with Mary Goldsmith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

105. An act to dissolve the marriage of the reverend William Brook Jones clerk, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

106. An act for dissolving the marriage of Richard Moorsom gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

107. An act to dissolve the marriage of Joseph Seymour Biscoe esquire, with Susanna Harriot Hope his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

108. An act to dissolve the marriage of James Christie esquire, with Elizabeth Leslie his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

109. An act for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard.

110. An act for naturalizing Christian Henry Bollmann.

111. An act for naturalizing Otto Bichner.

112. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds, within the hamlet or township of Longcot, in the parish of Shrivenham, in the county of Berks.

113. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Little Castorton, in the county of Rutland.

114. An act for dividing and inclosing the forest, commons, and waste lands, within the liberties or townships of Lenton and Radford, in the county of Nottingham.

115. An act for dividing and inclosing a common call Guiseley Common, and other waste grounds, within the manor and township of Guiseley, in the west riding of the county of York.

116. An act for naturalizing John Christopher Falck.

117. An act for enabling the honourable Andrew Foley, the surviving trustee of two terms, of ninety-nine years, and one hundred and one years, created by the will of Thomas lord Foley, his late father, deceased, to grant leases of some parts of the estates comprized in those terms, and also to renew leases and copyhold grants made to, or in trust for the said Thomas lord Foley, deceased, or one of those under whom he derived a title; also to make exchanges of some parts of the premises comprized in the said term of ninety-nine years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to sell certain detached parts of the hereditaments and premises comprized in the said term of one hundred and one years, and to lay out the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

118. An act for vesting certain plantations and estates in the island of Grenada, late of sir James Johnstone baronet, in trustees, to raise money by mortgage for repairing the damage done thereto in the late insurrections.

119. An act for naturalizing Marian Hastings.

END OF THE TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo sexto,

AT the parliament begun and at Westminster, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty-first year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations to the twenty-ninth day of October 1795; being the sixth session of the seventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[Nov. 23, 1795.]

1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued to June 24, 1796.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[Nov. 23, 1795.]

[Four shillings in the pound. In England to raise 1,989,673l. 7s. 10d. 1q. In Scotland, 47,954l. 1s. 2d. Total, 2,037,627l. 9s. 0d. 1q.]

546 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 3. [1795.

CAP. III.

An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provision, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty.

[Nov. 23, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient, under the present circumstances, to prohibit generally the exportation of any sort of corn, meal, or flour, and of other articles made thereof, and of potatoes, from any part of this kingdom, to permit generally the importation of the fatne into any part of this kingdom, British flipsy or in flips belonging to persons of any kingdom or slate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, and to permit the same to be taken out of ware-house without payment of any duty whatever: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. No wheat, &rc. That, from and after the passing of this act, and until the expi-for^a lumted^ rat*on h* weeks from t^e commencement of the next session of time, parliament, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to

export, from any part of this kingdom, any British or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats, or any meal or fjour, or bread, biscuit, or malt, made thereof, or any potatoes, or any Indian cotn or maize, or meal or flour made

&c ^ma Chen> t^iereo^'anc* be for any person or persons to

imported^import, into any part of this kingdom, any foreign corn, or other

duty-free; articles, as aforesaid, in any British ship or vessel, or in any other

ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in

amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever,

and taken out without payment of any duty whatsoever; and also to take out of

for hiome^U n8 warehouse* fr>r home consumption, any such foreign corn, ox

fumption, " other articles, as aforesaid, without payment of any duty whatsoever; any acct or acts of parliament to the contrary notwith-

Persons ex- {landing: and if any person shall export, or shall load or lay on porting corn o^y i*

&c. liable to* bard any fthp or other vessel, with intent to export, any corn or

penalties of Qthpx articles, as aforesaid, the person so exporting, or loading or

+laying on board, with intent to export the same, shall be liable and subject to the like forfeitures and penalties; and the said corn or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the same shall be exported, or loaded or laid on board, shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, and in like manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, as if the said corn or other articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, contrary to the provisions of two act, one passed in the thirty-first year of

31 Geo. 3. c. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating

30. and importation and etypYlalion of corn, and the payment of the duty

on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported;

Geo - c an^ ot^er hi the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's

reign, intituled An act to amend an act made in the thirty-first

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 3. 547

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled\cAn act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn importedyand of the bounty ^British corn exported: pro- Ad not toex-vided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- corn^c*11 strued to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or flour, that shall warehoused, have been, or may hereafter be, imported and warehoused in the and not taken manner, and on the conditions mentioned in the before-men- out for home tioned act of the thirty-lirft year of his present Majesty's reign, con*umPb<?n-and shall not have been taken out of such warehouse for home consumption.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall His Majestyin and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying casing*coastwise, or carrying out, or the exportation of, the several forts coastwise, Sec. of corn, or other articles, as aforesaid, for all or any of the pur. corn, &c. for poses mentioned in the said two acts, passed in the thirty-first: and thirty-third years of his present Majesty's reign, or either of them, [heabovea<S in like manner, and in the same proportions and quantities, and from and to the same ports and places as is allowed by the said two ad6, or either of them, at such times as any of the several forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures and penalties, as are by the said two acts, or by either of them, in any such case required and imposed.

III. And whereas it is likewise expedient, under the present circumstances, to permit, for a limited time, the importation of certain other provisions into Great Britain, in British ships, or in ships belonging to persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majesty's nd navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatever: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, and until the Certain expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next i^rted, C session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any duty free*, person or persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from from any any port or place whatever, in any British ship or vessel, or in any ^c^ff^s^or other ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state belong-in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner what- ing to places ever, any beans, called Kidney or Frenth Beans, tares, lentiles, in amity with callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse $ and also bulls, cows, his Majesty. oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine, beef, pork, mutton, veal,

and lamb, whether salted or otherwise, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the said next session of parliament; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and beJt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due enrry shall be made of all such beans Entry to be called Kidney or French Beans} tares, lentiles, callivancies, and

all other forts of pulse \ and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, the^officer of

N 2 sheep, the customs,

548 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4. [1795.

bn penalty of {heep, lambs, and swine, beef and pork, veal, mutton, and lamb, forfeiture. bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, lago-powder, tabioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this act, with the proper officers of the customs, at the port into which the same shall be imported; and in default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers

of his Majesty's customs.

Recovery and

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so^eTtures1 * Pena^ties an<^ forfeitures created and incurred by this act, (and not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, ships, or vessels, forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act shall be entitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law 'or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue an act for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

[Nov. 23, 1795.]

35 Geo. 3. c. 100, recited. Continued until thirty days after the commencement af the next session of parliament.

CAP. V.

An act to prohibit the exportation of candles, tallow, and soap, for a limited time.

[December 1, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the exportation of candles x tallow, and soap, may

a* this time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's subjects; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con lent of the lord's spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and No candles, by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing foaWto be no Person or Perons whatsoever shall directly or in-

exported j directly export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the kingdom of Great Britain, or load, ship, or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden, shipped, or laid on board, in any ship, or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of Great Britain, any candles, tallow, or soap, of any kind or qualify whatsoever, under the penalties ' or

549

br forfeitia-es hereafter mentioned; (that is to say), that all such penalty for candles, ' tallow, or soap, so exported, or laden, Shipped, or laid fl10*1 exPorta* on board* in order to be exported or carried out of Great Britain, lon* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall federally forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every such offence, where the quantity forfeited shall not exceed one hundred weight of such candles, tallow, and soap; and where the quantity forfeited shall exceed one hundred weight of such candles* tallow, and soap, the sum of fifty pounds for every one hundred weight of such candles, tallow, and soap, and so in proportion for any greater quantity which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of Great Britain, or laden, shipped, or laid on board, as aforesaid, in order to be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of Great Britain; and also the ship, or other vessel or boat, in or upon which any such commodities shall be so exported, shipped, or laden, in order to be so exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited; and one moiety of all the said pe- Application nalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs of penalties and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same: and for offences which shall be committed in England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, such penalty of forfeiture shall be sued for by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, courts of the counties palatine, or great sessions in Wales, in which suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, of more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action or summary bill, or information, in the court of session or exchequer in Scotland.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ofliceh dftfte it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, being customs or an officer or officers of the customs of excise, or being lawfully ^nsauthorlf-authorised in that behalf by the lord high treasurer, or the coth- edby the missioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, for the treasury, may time being, to take and seize all such candles, tallow, and soap, seize candles, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he or they shall happen on^bonrd shipR to find, know, or discover, to belaid onboard any ship, or other and entered*vessel or boat, at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river for exporta-or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported, or tion>011 NoT conveyed, out of this kingdom, contrary to the true intent and I0> meaning of this act, not actually laden on board any ship, or other Vessel or boat, and entered for exportation, on the tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and also the ship, vessel or boat, in which the same shall be found, and to bring the same to the King's warehouse or warehouses belonging to the custom-house next to the place where such seizure shall be made, or to some other safe place as near thereto as can conveniently be done, in order to be proceeded against according to law,

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein Act not toes-

containedj UJRd com-

ditions.

50 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c.

[1795.

modifies car- contained* shall not extend to prohibit the exportation'or cajry-for ute dn thenS out of or muc^ of the said commodities* assail be voyagei necessary to be carried in any ship orships* or other vessel or vessels in their respeiflive voyages, for the purpose of being used in the same ships or vessels. nortoprohibit

IV. Provided also* That this or any thing herein con-

carried coast* taine<^? shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship wise with luf- or Put on hoard any such candles, tallow, and soap, to be carried ierance, &c.; coastwise; that is to say, from any port, member, or creek, of Great Britain* to any other port, member, or creek, of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocket or sufferance for that purpose* or such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging the same, in some other port, member, or creek* of Great Britain, and returning a certificate in six months, as is required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another* and not other wise.

nof to their

V. Provided also, That this or any thing herein con- being exported tained, shall not extend* or be construed to extend, to prohibit Ma*eRi8do- exporting or carrying any such commodities from Great ininionsunder Britain to any of his Majesty's dominions in or out of Europe, certain con- so as the exporter or exporters thereof do, before shipping or laying the same on board, in order to be exported from Great Britain into any of the said dominions give such security for landing thereof in such dominions, and under such penalties and forfeitures for relanding the same in any part of Great Britain, as is now by law required on the exportation of the said commodities, or either of them* from Great Britain$ and also shall give, to the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs at the port at which such commodities shall be entered out and shipped for exportation, security by bond in treble the value of such commodities, conditioned to produce certificates of the due landing thereof at the places for which they have been entered, within such times respectively, and under such conditions* rules, and regulations, as far as the same can be applied, which are by law limited and directed to be given for returning certificates of the due landing of corn exported from Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all persons who have purchased candles* tallow, and soap, for the purpose of exporting the same, (provided the quantity shall amount to one hundred and twelve pounds weight or upwards,) shall be at liberty to

declare the bargain void* upon giving notice of such his, her* made void by

or their intention to the feller or Tellers of such candles, tallow, no ice on or an(j soap, on or before the tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; provided such bargain shall have been made on or before the eighteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this acct shall be and continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six*

Bargains made on or before Nov. 18. for candles, See. for exportation may be

before Dec. JO;79S

Continuance of act.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any part of may he this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts pealed this*" to be made in this present session of parliament. session.

CAP. VI.

An act to prohibit.) for a limited time, the making of Jiarch, halt powder, and blue> from wheat, and other articles of food; and for lowering the duities on the importation of Jiarch, and of other* articles made thereof  (Dec, i, 1795*)

WHEREAS y aft, wtfde twenty seventh year

[Preamble.]

the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the fevera I Geo. 3. duties of afiloms and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof c. 13, recited. and for other purposes, certain duty of customs of five pounds five

shillings and eight-pence, is imposed for every hundred weight of fiarch imported into Great Britain; and a like duty is also imposed for every hundred weight of hair powder imported into Great Britain; and by the said act a certain duty of excise of three-pence farthing is im- posed for every pound weight avoirdupois of Jiarch made in Great Britain; and a certain drawback of the said duly of excise is granted on the exportation of every pound weight avoirdupois of such Jiarch to foreign parts ': and whereas it is expedient that the making of fiarch, and also of hair powder and blue, from wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man in this kingdom, should be prohibited for a limited tune; and also that the duties on Jiarch and hair powder respectively imported should be lowered, and the said drawback on the exportation of fiarch disco?i- tinued, except as is herein after excepted: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* sent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, during the continuance of this act, three pounds fifteen 3*-153.4^. pet shillings and four-pence per hundred weight of fiarch, part of the said duty of customs imposed upon fiarch imported into Great customs ori Britain, and the like sum of three pounds fifteen shillings and starch and four-pence/><?r hundred weight of hair powder, part of the said duty hair powder of customs irrtposed upon hair powder imported into Great Bri- [^ravvbaclt tain, and also the whole of the said drawback of the said duty of of t^e duty of excise, except on the exportation of starch to his Majesty's excise on excolonies or plantations in America, or to the British settlements portation of in the East Indies, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby discontinued; lave and except in all cases relating to the recover- colonies in ing or paying any arrears thereof respectively which may at any America, or time remain unpaid of the said respective duties; and also save settlements in and except all fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall respectively remain in full force, as well tinued. with respect to such arrears of duty as aforesaid, as with respect to the dudes which shall remain due and payable after the passing of this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, N? starch,

duringhan'PwdsF

Penalty for making starch, hair powder, or blue, from wheat, &c.

552 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. [1795.

or blue, to be during the continuance of this act, no starch, hair powder, or wheat^or^ blue, be made or prepared from any wheat, barley, rice* other article potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the used for food, food of man, or any mixture with wheat, barley, rice, potatoes* flout, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, during the continuance of this act, any maker or makers of starch, or other person or persons whatever, shall make, or begin to make, starch, hair powder, or blue, from any wheat* barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, or any mixture with wheat, barley* rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any fat, trough, or other utenfii or vessel, any wheat, barley, rice* potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article, or thing used for the food of man, or any mixture with wheat, Barley, rice* potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, for the purpose of making starch, hair powder, or blue, then, and in each and every such case, such. maker or makers of starch, hair powder, or blue, or other person or persons so offending; and the person or ersons in whose custody or possession, any fat, trough, or other utenfii or vessel* which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this act* shall be found, shall, severally and ffcspectively (over and above all other penalties imposed by any act or acts of parliament already in force,) forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, together with every such fat, trough, or other utenfii or vessel, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any

ex7idytrtt0fficer

or officers of excise: provided always nevertheless, that completing nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any starch maker to the said penalty of two hundred pounds, for or by reason of his completing or finishing any operation of starch-inaking, from any wheat, barley* rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, openly put in fermentation in his entered starch house, on or before the twentieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety*-five, so that such operation shall be continued without' wilful delay* any thing in this act contained to the contrary ifi any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other forfeited and article or thing used for the food of man, shall, during the con-the poftHIors tinuance of this act, be found in any starch house, or in any place wherein starch shall be ^preparing lor making, or wherein any starch shall have been prepared or made, or which shall have been, or shall be, entered for making or preparing of starch, all such wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, respectively, shall be forfeited, together with the vessels, sacks, bags, and other things

starch from wheat, &c. put in fermentation on or before INov.20, 1795.

Wheat, he* found in starch houses

to forfeit 200l.

containing the same, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons in whose possession such (larch house or place shall be, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons who shall be authorised for that purpose, by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits, of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times, with any officer or officers of excise, or for any officer or officers of excise, to enter into Any (larch house) or any other place whatever, wherein Any starch, hair powder, or blue, shall be, or shall be flifpedted to be, preparing or making, or prepared or made, and ev^ry such officer of excise, and peiffon so authorised as aforesaid, shall have free admittance into, and may inspectali the materials, vessels, and utensils, contained in any such {larch house or other place (giving thereby as little -interruption as may be to the lawful business which shall be there carrying on ;,) and in case any such officer of excise shall have reason to suspect that any wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or arty other article or thing used for the food of man, is mixed in any waters or liquids, or with any other materials.or preparations whatsoever, or is otherwise in operation for preparing of making starch, hair powder or blue, it shall be lawful for such officer, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, upon payment of three-pence per pound weight, (if demanded,) to take a semple, not exceeding fifty pounds weight, of any such mixtures in waters or liquids, or other materials or preparations, which shall be found in any such starch house or other place aforesaid; and in case any maker of starch, hair powder, or blue, or the owner or occupier of any such starch house or place, or act, workman or servant belonging tef any such maker or makers, or owner or occupier, shall refuse to admit such person or persons' as shall be so authorised, or any officer or officers of excise, into any such starch house or place, of shall obstruct or hinder any such officer, or person or persons, ill making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such semple, after the said sum or three-pence per pound weight shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such maker, owner, or occupier, shall for evOty such offence respectively forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer bf excise, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of excise, or any justice or justices respectively, as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, and also all such mixtures, or waters, or liquids, or other materials or preparations* as shall be found in any such (larch house, or other place, together

553

Persons an-thoriled, and officers of excise, may enter starch houses and iti-spect materials

and officers may take f4triples of mixtures, paying for the Lme, if they fill peel wheat, See. to be mixed therein.

Penalty of 2ocl. for refuting admission, or preventing the inspection of materials, Sec.

Wheat, See. so founds may be seized.

Makers of starch, Sec. may keep in their houses wheat, &c,

Penalty for having more than that quantity;

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. [1795.

ther with all the vessels, faks, bags, and other things in which the said commodities, or any of them, shall be contained.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any maker or makers of {larch, hair powder* or blue, to have or keep, for his, her, or their necessary use, in any dwelling house, room, or place, (not being an entered house, room, or not exceeding place, for making or preparing of (larch), any quantity of eight bushels. wheat, barley, rice* grain, potatoes, flour, or meal, not exceeding, at any one time, the quantity of eight bushels of wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, and meal; and that if any such maker or makers'shall, during the continuance of this act, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any person or persons in trufl or for the use or benefit of such maker, more, than eight bushels of wheat* barley, rice, grain* potatoes^ flour, or meal, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, every such maker or makers shall for every such offence respectively forfeit all such wheat, barley* rice, grain, potatoes, flour, and meal, exceeding the said quantity of eight bushels, ai>dalfo the sum of five but not to e*- pounds for every bushel so forfeited*provided always neverthe-makers bein^at act shall not extend to inflil the said last mentioned growers of*forfeiture or penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of (larch who shall be the actual grower of wheat, barley, or other grain, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat, barley, or other grain, in the draw, grown by him, or after such wheat, barley, or other grain is threshed out or separated from the draw: provided, that such wheat, barley, or other grain, shall not be kept in his possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trufr for him, for a greater space of time than twenty days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the draw, and so as such wheat, barley, or other grain, be not kept in any place used for making, preparing, or keeping {larch; provided also, that this act shall not extend to inflil the said last mentioned forfeiture and penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of starch who practices the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of, and as a miller worked, any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, barley, or other grain, on or before the third day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat, barley, or other grain, which shall, during the time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or sleeped in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any officer or officers of excise, or any other person

growers < wheat, or millers in certain cases.

Oft oath of

picion that more than eight bilfhels

Iidondtha/U^ or Persons> at any t^me or times have cause to suspect that any wheat, barley, rice* grain* potatoes, flour, or meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bushels of such wheat, barley, rice, grain, of wheat, See. potatoes, flour, and meal, belonging to any maker or makers of ft or eh o ufean^arc*h hair powder, or blue, shall be laid or kept in any flore-&c. officers of house, warehouse, granary, or other place or places, contrary to

th

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. ^53

the true intent and meaning of this act, then, and in every such excise, and case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person ^e^0ho, or persons, before the commissioners of excise, or any two ot* more rifedtosearch, of them, in England for the time being, or before one or more and may fdze justice or justices of the peace residing ndar the place where such the furplas, officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspefl the in^ltofe same to be laid or kept, setting forth the ground of his or their custocjy found suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commit- to forfeit 5l. sioners, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before per ouiiiti. whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable), by special warrant Under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, by day or by night, (but if in the night* then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, granary* or other place or places, where he or they shall so suspeeft that any wheat* barley, rice, grain, potatoes* flour* or meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bushels of wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, and meal, belonging to any such maker or makers, shall be laid or kept* and to seize, take, and carry away* all such wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, or meal, as he or they shall 10 find, (over and above the said quantity of eight bushels), together with all the vessels, sacks, bags, or other things, wherein the the same shall be contained; and such maker or makers, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, or meal, belonging to such maker or makers as aforesaid, shall be found, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of five pounds for every bushel exceeding the said quantity of eight bushels; and Doors maybe the said officer or officers, and other person or persons, is. or are broke open, hereby empowered by such warrant, together with such other perfort or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on demand*

VIII. And whereas there may have been contracts made by makers ofjlarch with several persons for (larch or hair powder to be delivered and received at future times after the passing of this a SI; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all contracts Contrails for or bargains made by any maker or makers of starch, or by any

maker or makers of hair powder, with any person or persons powder dnr-whatever, for any starch or hair powder to be delivered at any ing the conti-time during the continuance of this act, shall be, and are hereby nuance of this declared to be, null and void.

IX. And whereas, for the protection of the fair trader, it is expedient to provide - the several rejlridionsi regulations, and matters* here'tn-after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act*No hair pow. no hair powder shall be imported or brought from any part of C'orted after1" Europe* or from and after the twentieth day of February one certain peri-

thousand ods in lefa

io6

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. [1795.

I 2 4lb penalty of forfeiture, and 51

packages than thousand seven hundred and ninety-six* shall be imported or brought from any part of Acts, Africa, or America, into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship or vessel, otherwise than in "cask, chest, case, bag, or other package, each cask, chest, case, bag, or other package whereof* shall contain two hundred and twenty-four pounds neat of hair powder at the least, to be flowed openly id the hold of such ship or vessel importing the same, on pain to forfeit all the hair powder so imported or brought contrary to this act, together with the calk, chest, case, bag, or other package containing the same* which shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise; and the master, mate, or other person, taking the Charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every entry or report of any starch or hair powder imported or brought into this kingdom to be made, by the master or purser of any ship or vessel, in pursuance of an a!, made in the thir-

In entries of starch or hair powder imported, the number of

packages, &c. teenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Se-on benHltof* cnc^ intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abitfes* forrtiturein Majesty's cufoms, the number of casks, chests, cases, bags* or other packages, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of each respective ship or vessel, shall be inserted, on pain, for every neglect or refusal thereof* to forfeit such starch or hair powder respectively, with the cask, chest, case* bag, or other package wherein the same shall be contained, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Starch or hair That whenever any starch or hair powder respectively imported powder im- or brought into this kingdom, shall, in order to ascertain the weighed To be duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the proper officer deposited, &c. or officers'of the customs, the proper officer or officers of the as the officers customs shall secure the same, until the delivery thereof into the of excise shall charge and custody of the proper officer or officers of excise; and lr"*upon the delivery thereof into the custody of the proper officer or officers of excise, the importer or importers* proprietor of proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, shall* at his, her, and their own proper costs and charges, remove all such starch and hair powder respectively to, and deposit the same ip, such convenient house, warehouse, or place, as the proper officer or officers of excise shall diredi, and thereupon such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors* or consignee or consignees, shall, on being required by the proper officer or officers of excise so to do, immediately wrap all such starch and hair powder respectively, in papers of the colours* or one of them, herein after mentioned, and no other, each such paper containing not less than four pounds weight, nor more than seven pounds weight of starch, nor less than one pound weight, nor more than seven pounds weight of hair powder; and also tie up every such wrapper with firings* crofting each other on that side of the wrapper where the ends of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. c 557

the paper containing such starch or hair powder respectively shall he folded, and also strongly affix, or paste with warm paste made with glue, on the outside of every such wrapper, after the same shall be so tied, a label of very thin paper, three inches long, and three inches broad, at the lead, and of a different colour ' from the paper in which the starch or hair powder respectively shall be wrapped; th^t is to say, if such starch or hair powder shall be wrapped in blue or brown paper, the said label shall be white; and if such starch or hair powder shall be wrapped in white paper, such label shall be blue; and shall also affix and paste every such label on the foldings of both ends of the paper inclosing such quantity of starch or hair powder respectively, and in such a manner as to prevent the opening of the said paper containing such starch or hair powder respectively, without tearing such label; and the proper officer or officers of excise shall attend to fee such Officer of ex-starch and hair powder respectively papered and tied in manner ^nd ^auf^la* aforesaid, and such label affixed and pasted on every such paper ^ejs to De containing such starch or hair powder respectively; and such stamped, officer or officers shall cause every such label affixed and pasted on every such paper containing starch or hair powder respectively, to be stamped or sealed with such stamp or seal as shall be provided by the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively for that purpose; and if any such importer or importers. Penalty of proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, of starch

or hair powder imported or brought into this kingdom, shall neglecting to neglect or refuse so to remove any such starch or hair powder, or deposit, See. to deposit the same as aforesaid, or to wrap any such starch or starch or hair hair powder in paper as aforesaid, or to tie up any such paper as pow ex* aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such label as aforesaid, all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, so offending, dial], for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, in Commission-England and Scotland respectively, shall provide proper stamps or tvs oi excise to seals for the damping or sealing the labels affixed or pasted on distribute0 paper containing all starch and hair powder respectively, which stamps. shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, and papered in pursuance of this act, and shall cause such stamps or seals to be.distributed to the proper officers of excise, for the purpose before' mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined and required in Officers to da using the same to do no hurt or damage, or the least hurt or "

damage that may be, to the starch or hair powder respectively, or to the paper wherein the same shall be so wrapped; which stamps or seals shall and may be varied, altered, or renewed, from time to time, as the said commissioners of excise respectively, or the major part of them respectively, shall think nt.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or counter- Persons coun.^ felt any stamp or seal, to resembleany stamp or seal, which shall be provided in pursuance of this act} for (tamping or sealing starch fufpcr death

or

no hurt in tiling the m.

55*

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. [1795.

or hair powder imported; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any paper containing any (larch or hair powder, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors* of any of the duties upon (larch or hair powder, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of

stainps, &c. same to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to de-to forfeitooh fraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties

upon (larch or hair powder, or shall knowingly, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties upon (larch or hair powder, fix, or cause to be fixed, the label of any paper stamped or lealed according to the directions of this act, to any (larch or hair powder, other than that which was inclosed in such paper at the time when the label thereof was stamped or sealed by the proper officer or officers of excise, according to the directions of this act, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Imported That if any (larch imported or brought into this kingdom shall starch found be found in any place belonging to any (larch maker or dealer n^To a in starc^> or to any ha'r Powder maker or dealer in hair powder, it arch or hair ornhe custody or possession of any person or persons to or for powder ma- the use or benefit of any such maker or makers, or dealer or ker, &c. not dealers in such (larch or hair powder, not being wrapped in paper as a^ore^a^? or wrapped in paper which shall be found not stamped may be seized, or labelled as aforesaid, all such (larch shall be forfeited, together and the party with all and Angular the casks, chests, cases, bags, or other pack-to forfeit aool. ages, containing the same, and such (larch, casks, chests, cases, bags.

and other packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and the (larch maker or dealer in (larch, or hair powder maker or dealer in hair pow. der, to whom such place shall belong, and also such other person or persons as aforesaid, in whose possession such (larch shall be

A(51 not to found, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds* provided extend to such always nevertheless, that nothing in this act contained shall ex-mad^intolfaiv t or deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any such powder, Sec, (larch which shall have been imported into this kingdom, nor

any such cask, chest, case, bag, or other package, containing the same, for or by reason of such (larch being found not wrapped in paper damped or labelled as last aforesaid, such (larch being made into hair powder, or being taken out of the papers in the possession of any hair powder maker or blue maker for the purpose of immediately manufacturing the same into hair powder or into blue, or any quantity of (larch not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight, in the possession of any dealer in or feller of (larch, and taken out of the papers for immediate or current sale; any thing herein - before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. ^9

XV. And whereas it may happen that the paper wherein any jiarch or hair powder imported shall he contained., after the same has been stamped as aforesaid\ may, by accident, he broken or damaged, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when If the paper the paper wherein any such starch or hair powder shall be con- ported S

tained shall, by any accident be broken or damaged, and the starch or hair starch maker or dealer in starch, or hair powder maker or dealer powderfliould in hair powder, to whom the same belongs, shall be desirous of he damaged, having the same re-papered and re-stamped, such maker or dealer

shall give to the proper officer or officers of excise, within whose be re-papered, survey he or she shall be, twenty-four hours notice in writing, Sec. under that such maker or dealer desires to have such starch or hair certain condi-powder re-papered and re-stamped, and thereupon, and upon tl0ns* the production of such broken paper, with the label and stamp, or seal thereof, to such officer or officers, and leaving the same with him or them, it shall be lawful for such officer or officers, being satisfied that such starch or hair powder had before been duly stamped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the paper or papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by accident, as soon as is convenient after the expiration of such twenty-four hours, to re-stamp or re-seal such starch or hair powder, the same being re-papered and tied, and such label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in manner herein-before directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any hair powder, exceeding the quantity of twenty- No hair pow-eight pounds weight, shall be removed or carried by land or by der exceeding water, the word u Hair-Powder' shall be painted or marked, in nfoved^inless* legible letters of at least three inches in length, on every cask, marked chest, case, bag, or other package wherein such hair powder " Hair povv-shall be contained; and any hair powder, exceeding the quantity der, " on pe- of twenty-eight pounds weight, which shall be found removing or carrying, or moved or carried, by land or by water, in any cask, chest, case, bag, or other package, not having the word u Hair-Powder" so painted or marked thereon, shall be forfeited, together with the cask, chest, case, bag, or other package containing the same, and the boat or vessel, horses or other cattle, waggon, cart, or other carriage, made use of in removing or carrying the same; and the same shall and may be feixed by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, hair pow- Dealers lit der, shall, at any time, knowingly receive into his, her, or their receivhT^ custody or possessipn, any quantity of hair powder exceeding more twenty-eight pounds weight, not having the word Hair-Pow- a81b. unmark-der" so as aforesaid painted or marked on the cask, chest, case, to forfeit bag, or other package containing the same, the person or persons ao'so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any officer Penalty of or officers of the customs or excise in the execution of any of the powers and authorities to him or them given by this act, the per- j., ers^ 45 Ton or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence.

Recovery and Application of penalties sued for by the adorns.

Recovery and application of penalties sued for by the excise,

Limitation of actions* m England.

general iffye.

Treble cpfts.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6. [1795.

(for which no other penalty is by this act imposed), forfeit and lose (lie sum of two hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, created ob imposed by this act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the order or permission of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of the customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any fines or penalties incurred, or any goods forfeited, for any offence against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of-} and the officer or officers of the customs concerned in any such seizure or prosecution shall be inti tied to and receive such iliare of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importa-r tions, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary penalty or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by order of the commissioners of excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXI. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of one calendar month next after the offence shall be committed 5 and if such atftion or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this acte anti the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this as; and if it shall appear lb to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as apy defendant

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7. 561

dant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and if In actions in such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of ^fender'ma6 Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such action plead this^c^ or suit shall be brought shall allow the defender to plead this act See. in his defence, and the pursuer shall not insist on his action; or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at any time or times after Majesty the palhng of this act, shall, in his royal discretion, judge it to be the^making of most for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom to permit the starch from making of starch from wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, wheat, &c. meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to he published in the London Gazette, from time to time to permit and suffer all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular person or persons,) at any time or times after the passing of this act, to make starch from wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall commence and takeeffedas to all such matters Commence' and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special com, tfrfuance of mencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this act, and shall be and remain in force until and upon the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

CAP. VII.

An act for the safety and preservation of his Majesty's person and government against treasonable and seditious praftijes and attempts

[Dec. 18, 1795.] >tl c./2-

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons of Great Britain, in this present parliament assembled, duly considering the daring outrages offered to your Majesty's most sacred person, in your passage to and from your parliament at the opening of this present session, and also the continued attempts of wicked and evil disposed persons to disturb the tranquillity of this your Majesty's kingdom, particularly by the multitude of seditious pamphlets and speeches daily printed, published, and dispersed, with unremitting industry, and with a transeendent boldness, in contempt of your Majesty's royal person and dignity, and tending to the overthrow of the laws, government, and happy constitution of these realms, have judged, that it is become necessary to provide a further remedy against all such treasonable and seditious prac-Vol. XL. Oo tices

562 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7. C1795.

tices and attempts: We* therefore, calling to mind the good and wholesome provisions which have at different times been made by the wisdom of parliament for the averting such dangers, and more especially for the security and preservation of the persons of the sovereigns of these realms, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Persons who assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person fhalWrompass, or persons whatsoever, after the day of the passing of this act, during the natural life of our most gracious sovereign lord the King, (whom Almighty God preserve and bless with a long and prosperous reign,) and until the end of the next session of parliament after a demise of the crown, shall within the realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise, or intend death or or to levy\var destrudftion, or any bodily harm tending to death or destruction, to compel a maim, or wounding, imprisonment or restraint, of the person of

devise, &c. the death, restraint, &c of his Majesty or his heirs, or to drpose them.

change of rneasures, &c, to be deemed traitors.

the same our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, or to deprive or depose him or them from the stile, honour, or kingly name, of the imperial crown of this realm, or of any other of his Majesty's dominions or countries; or to levy war against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, within this realm, in order, by force or constraint, to compel him or them to change his or their rneafures or counsels, or in order to put any force or constraint upon, or to intimidate, or overawe, both houses, or either house of parliament; or to move or dir any foreigner or stranger with force to invade this realm, or any other his Majesty's dominions or countries, under the obeisance of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and such compafsings, imaginations, inventions, devices, or intentions, or any of them, shall express, utter, or declare, by publishing any printing or writing, or by any overt act or deed; being legally convicted thereof, upon the oaths of two lawful and credible witnesses, upon trial, or otherwise convi<sted or attainted by due course of law, then every such person and persons, so as aforesaid offending, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged, to be a traitor and traitors, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of high treason. Persons In

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That W ^any person or persons within that part of Great Britain called ing, See kint- England> at any time from and after the day of the passing of.cite to hatred, this act, during three years from the day of passing this act, and or contempt until the end of the then next session of parliament, shall malici-of his Ma- ously and advisedly, by writing, printing, preaching, or other government, fp^king, express, publish, utter, or declare, any words or len-&c. shall be' tences to excite or stir up the people to hatred or contempt of the guilty of high person of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the government misdemtan- anj COnflitution of this realm, as by law established, then every ^VnToffence fuc^ Person ar)d Per^ons9 being thereof legally convicted, shall be may be pu- liable to such punishment as may by law be inflicted in cases of nished as for a high misdemeanors; and if any person or persons shall, after

high mifde- bein^ so convicted, offend a second time, and be thereupon mean or, or ' coa.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7. 563

convicted, before any commission of oyer and terminer, or gaol banished or delivery, or in his Majesty's court of king's bench, such person transported or persons may, on such second conviction, be adjudged, at the r 7 years' discretion of the court, either tofuffer such punishment as may now by law be inflicted in cases of high misdemeanors, or to be banished this realm, or to be transported to such place, as shall be appointed by his Majesty for the transportation of offenders; which banishment or transportation shall be for such term as the court may appoint, not exceeding seven years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any offender or offen- Persons ba-ders, who shall be so ordered by any such court as aforesaid to be nished or banished the realm, or transported beyond the seas, in manner fQ^a^lar e aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any part of the king- within Great dom of Great Britain, without some lawful cause, before the ex- Britain before piration of the term for which such offender or offenders shall the expira-have been ordered to be banished, or transported beyond the seas

as aforesaid, every such offender being so at large as aforesaid, fer death, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death, as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy; and such offender or offenders Where such may be tried, either before justices of assize, oyer and terminer, ^e^ried^1^ great sessions, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, liberty, borough, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, she, or they, was or were ordered to be banished or transported; and the clerk of Certificate of assize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk or officer of the court, ^Tob'e suffi having the custody of the records where such orders of banish- cient proof. ment or transportation shall be made, shall, at the request of the prosecutor, or any other person on his Majesty's behalf, make out and give a certificate, in writing, signed by him, containing the effect and substance only (omitting the formal part) of every indictment and' conviction of such offender or offenders, and of the order for his, her, or their banishment or transportation, to the justices of assize, oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery, where such offender or offenders shall be indicted (not taking for the same more than two shillings and sixpence;,) which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and order for banishment or transportation of such offender or offenders.

IV. Provided always, That no person or persons, by virtue of limitation of this present act, shall for any misdemeanor incur any the penal- misdemean-ties herein-before mentioned, unless he, she, or they, be prosecuted ors. an(i within six calendar months next after the offence committed, and the prosecution brought to trial or judgement within tire first term, fittings, assizes, or sessions, in which, by the course of the court wherein such prosecution shall be depending, the prosecutor could bring on such trial, or cause such judgement to be entered, or in the term, fittings, assizes, or session, which shall next ensue, unless the court in which such prosecution shall be depending, or before which such trial ought to be had, shall, on special ground stated by motion in open court, think fit to enlarge the time for the trial thereof, or unless the defendant

002 shall

564 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. [1795.

no persons to shall be prosecuted to or towards an outlawry; and that no per-thereof^but^b*on ^a^' upon trial, be convicted by virtue of this act, for any the1 oathUof^niifdemeanor, but by the oaths of two credible witnesses. two witnesses. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and Persons accus- every person or persons that shall at any time be accused, or in-edoftreason, disted, or prosecuted, for any'offence made or declared to be^benefit of CCl t^ea^on by this sft, shall be entitled to the benefit of the act of 7 Gul v c. 3. Parliament> made in the seventh year of his late majesty King and 7 Annae, William the Third, intituled An act for regulating of trials in cases c. 11. of treason and misprifeon of treason; and also to the provisions made by another act of parliament, passed in the seventh year of her hte Majesty Queen Antie^ intituled An act for improving the union of the two kingdoms.

Act rotto

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act

cutionatcora* conta*neel shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or mon law.*afteft any prosecution by information or indictment at the common law, for any offence within the provisions of this act, unless the party shall have been first prosecuted under this act.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies.

[Dec. ]8, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS assemblies of divers persons, collected for the purpose or under the pretext of deliberating on publick grievances, and of agreeing on petitions, complaints, remonstrances, declarations, or other addresses, to the King, or to both houses, or either house of parliament^ have of late been made use of to serve the ends of factious and seditious persons, to the great danger of the publick peace, and may become the means of producing confusion and calamities in the nation: be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Nomeeting of thority of the same, That no meeting, of any description of per-more than 50 fons^ exceeding the number of fifty persons, (other than and ceptcounty except any meeting of any county, riding, or division, called by meetings, &c.) the lord lieutenant, custos rotulorum, or sheriff, of such county; to be holden or a meeting called by the convener of any county or stewartry in for 01 on pre- that part of Great Britain called Scotland; or any meeting called ing petitions* by two or more justices of the peace of the county or place where such meeting shall be holden; or any meeting of any county, having different ridings or divisions, called by any two justices of any one or more of such ridings or divisions; or any meeting called by the major part of the grand jury of the county, or of the division of the county, where such meeting shall be holden, at their general assizes or general quarter sessions of the peace; or any meeting of any city, or borough, or town corporate, called by the in Tome news- mayor or other head officer of such city, or borough, or town paper, See. corporate; or any meeting of any ward or division of any city or town corporate, called by the alderman or other head officer of

for alteration of matters established in church or Rate, unless previous notice be given by seven householders

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. 565

such ward or division; or any meeting of any corporate body), shall be holden, for the purpose Or on the pretext of considering of or preparing ariy petition, complaint, remonstrance, or declaration, or other address to the King, or to both houses, or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established in church or {fate, or for the purpose or on the pretext of deliberating upon any grievance in church or Hate, unless notice of the intention to hold such meeting, and of the time and place when and where the lame shall be proposed to be holden, and of the purpose for which the same shall be proposed to be holden, shall be given, in the names of seven persons at the leaf:, being householders.resident within the county, city, or place where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, whole places of abode and defections shall be inserted in such notice, and which notice shall be given by publick advertisement in some publick newspaper usually circulated in the county and division where such meeting shall be holden five days at lead before such meeting shall be holden, or shall be delivered in manner herein after mentioned; and that j^nTmed  such notice shall not be inserted in any such newspaper unless the unless the au-authority to insert such notice shall be signed by seven persons at thority to do the lead, being householders resident within the county, city or ^ttaToot^place where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, and thereof, named in such notice, and unless such authority, so signed, shall be written at the foot of a true copy of such notice, and shall be delivered to the person required to insert the same in any such newspaper as aforesaid; which person shall cause such notice and thority to authority to be carefully preserved, and shall also, at any time be preferred, after such notice shall have been inserted in such paper, and within and produced fourteen days after the day on which such meeting shall be had, to a justice if produce such notice and authority, and cause a true copy thereof reclutre

(if required) to be delivered to any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where such person shall reside, or where such newspaper shall be printed, and who shall require the same -y and in case any person shall insert any such notice in any

newspaper, without such authority as aforesaid, or in Case any notice without

person to whom any such notice and authority shall have been such a utho-

delivered for the purpose of inserting such notice in any such rity, See,

newspaper as aforesaid, shall refuse to produce such notice and

authority, or to deliver a true copy thereof, being thereunto reT

quired as aforesaid, within three days after such production and

copy, or either of them, shall have been so required, every such

perfoiij for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds

to any person who shall sue for the same.

II. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to deliver any such notice as aforesaid, signed by the seven persons in whose names such ciefkol? the C notice shall be given, with their places of abode, and descriptions, peace, who five days at the lead before the' day on which such meeting shall shall forthwith be holden, to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division, within which such meeting shall be proposed to be holden; 'C

and such clerk of the peace shall forthwith^ and without delay,

Meetings without notice to be deemed unlawful assemblies.

If i a or more

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. [1795.

fend a true copy of such notice, with such signatures and additions as aforesaid, to three justices of the peace at least, of such county, riding, or division, then resident within such county, riding, or division; or in case the justices of the peace of the city, borough, or town, where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, shall have exclusive jurisdiction, then to three of such justices, if so many shall then be resident within such jurisdiction, and if not, then to so many of such justices as shall be resident such notice to within such exclusive jurisdiction; and in such case, such notice be effectual. given by such means as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been given by publick advertisement, inserted in any such newspaper as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all meetings, of any description of persons, exceeding the number of fifty persons (other than and except as aforesaid), which shall be holden without such previous notice as aforesaid, for the purpose or on the pretext of considering of or preparing any petition, complaint, remonstrance, declaration, or other address, to the King, or both houses, or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established in church or state, or for the purpose or on the pretext of deliberating on any grievance in church or state, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful assemblies.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ble^con^rar1*any persons, exceeding the number of fifty, being assembled to this act V contrary to the provisions herein-before contained, and being shall continue required or commanded by any one or more justice or justices of together one the peace, or by the sheriff of the county or his under sheriff, or

by the mayor or other head officer or justice of the peace of any city or town corporate, where such assembly shall be, by proclamation to be made in the King's name, in the form herein after directed, to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful bufmess, shall, to the number of twelve or more, notwithstanding such proclamation made, remain or continue together by the space of one hour after such command or request made by proclamation, that then such continuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death, as in case of felony without benefit of clergy.

V..And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the order and form of the proclamation to be made as aforesaid shall be as hereafter followeth (that is to say), the justice of the peace, or other person authorised by this to make the said proclamation, shall, among the said persons assembled, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud voice command, or cause to be commanded, silence to be while proclamation is making, and after that shall openly and with loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

' OUR

hour after being required by a justice, &c. to disperse, they shall suffer death.

Proclamation to be made in the following form.

1795.] Anno o regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. 567

UR sovereign lord the King chargeth and commandeth all

V^/persons being assembled immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations or to their lawful business, upon the pains contained in the add, made in the thirty  sixth year of King George the Third, for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies.

GOD save the KING/

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any meeting shall be holden, in pursuance of any If in meetings such notice as aforesaid, and the purpose for which the same shall in such notice have been declared to be holden, or any matter any matter*which shall be in such notice proposed to be propounded or de- shall be pro-liberated upon at such meeting, shall purport that any matter or pounded or thing by law established may be altered otherwise than by the deliberated authority of the King, lords, and commons, in parliament affem- porting^bat bled, or shall tend to incite or stir up the people to hatred or con- any thing by tempt of the person of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of law established the government and constitution of this realm, as by law efta- maybealtered blished, it shall be lawful for one or more justice or justices, or thority of the sheriff of the county where such meeting shall be, or for the King, lords, mayor or other head officer, or any justice of the peace of any and commons, city or-'town corporate, where any such meeting shall be, by pro- ^ate ma^or clamation, to require or command the persons there assembled to Jer them^to " disperse themselves; and if any persons, to the number of twelve disperse; and or more, being so required or commanded, by proclamation to ifi2ormore be made in the King's name, in the form herein-before directed, to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habita- getheran hour tionsj or to their lawful business, shall, to the number of twelve thereafter, or more, notwithstanding such proclamation made, remain or they shall fuf-continue together by the space of one hour after such command ferdeath, or request made by proclamation, that then such continuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death, as in, case of felony without benefit of clergy. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices at if any one or more justice or justices of the peace, present at any meetings on meeting requiring such notice as aforesaid, shall think fit to order persons

any person or persons who shall at such meeting proceed to pro- propounding pound or maintain any proposition for altering any thing by law ormaintaining established, otherwise than by the authority $f the King, lords, P P^".^ns and commons, in parliament assembled, or shall wilfully and anything by advisedly make any proposition, or hold any discourse, for the lawestablished purpose of inciting and stirring up the people to hatred or con- except by au-tempt of the person of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the ]^ntyj0^sthe government and constitution of this realm, as by law established, andfommons, to be taken into custody, to be dealt with according to law; and &c. to be tain case the said justice or justices, or any of them, or any peace ken into cuf-

pfticer aSing under theff or any of their orders^ shall be obstructed^rcfii-Q v 1 004 in ca e o rc

t1795

68 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.

lance may in taking into custody, any person or persons so ordered to be

madonto^be ta^en ^nt0 custdv, then and in such case it shall be lawful for any

madeasafore- justice or justices thereupon to make, or cause to be ipade,

said; and if ia such proclamation as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid; and if

or more shall any persons to the number of twelve or more, being required or continue to- J

continue to- commanded by such proclamation to disperse themselves, and gether an hour -

thereafter, they hi all suffer death.

Magistrates may resort to

peaceably to depart as aforesaid, shall, to the number of twelve or more, notwithstanding such proclamation made, remain or continue together by the space of one hour after fqch command or request make by proclamation, that then such continuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall b'e adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death, as in case of felony without benefit of clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every justice and justices of the peace, sheriff, under sheriff, mayor, and other head officer aforesaid, is and are hereby

acc7 and may require the assistance of jieace officers

assemblies and authorised and empowered, oil notice or knowledge of any such n"A meeting or assembly as is herein-before mentioned, to resort to the place where such meeting or assembly shall be, or shall be intended to be holden, or to any part thereof, and there to do, or order or cause to be done, all such acts, matters, and things, as the case may require, which they are hereby enabled to do, or order to be done, or which they are otherwise by law enabled to do, or ordered to be done; and it shall be lawful for all and every justices of the peace, sheriff, under sheriff, mayor, and other head officer as aforesaid, to take and require the assistance of any number of constables or other officers of the peace, within their respective distrite, A or within the district or place wherein every such meeting as herein-before mentioned shall be holden; which constables and other officers of the peace are hereby required to attend accordingly such justices, sheriff, under sheriff, mayor, or other head officer respectively, and to give such assistance as shall be necessary for the due execution of this acct.

J IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That withi nan hour^such persons so assembled as aforesaid, or twelve or more of after procla- them, after any proclamation made in manner aforesaid, shall continue together, and not disperse themselves within one hour, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every justice of the peace, sheriff, or under sheriff of the county where such assembly shall be, and also to and for every high or petty constable, and other peace officer Within such county, and also to and for every mayor, justice of the peace, sheriff, and other head officer, high or petty constable, and other peace officer, of any city or town corporate where such assembly shall be, and to and for such other person and persons as shall be commanded to be assisting unto any such justice of the peace, sheriff, or under sheriff, mayor, or other head officer aforesaid, who are hereby authorised and empowered to command all his Majesty's subjects, of age and ability, to be assisting to them therein, to seize and apprehend, and they are

Persons not

mation may be appre bended;

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. 569

hereby required to seize and apprehend, such persons so assembled, and continuing together after proclamation made as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the persons so apprehended before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such offences according to law; and and if killed that if the persons so assembled, or any of them, shall happen to ^(buof^heir be kilied, maimed, or hurt in the dispersing, seizing, or appre- resistance, the bending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize, or apprehend them, magistrate, by reason of their refilling the persons so dispersing, seizing, or &c* indemni-apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize, or apprehend them, that then every such justice of the peace, sheriff, under sheriff, mayor, head officer, high or petty constable, or other peace officer, and all and Angular persons, being aiding and assisting to thpm pr any of them, shall be free, discharged, and indemnified, as well against the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other person and persons, of, for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting, of any such person or persons, so assembled, that shall happen to be so kilied, maimed, or hurt as aforesaid,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons do or shall, with Persons force and arms, wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in gjftratef at- any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt, any juf- tending, or tice of the peace, or other person authorised as aforesaid, who going to at-shall attend any such meeting as aforesaid, or who shall be going tend meetings, to attend any such meeting, or any person or persons who shall personsrproTS begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to any procla- claiming, to motion hereby directed to be made, whereby such proclamation suffer death. shall not be^made, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering, or hurting, any such justice or other persons so authorised as aforesaid, and so attending, or going to attend any such meeting, or any such person or persons so beginning or going to make any such proclamation as aforesaid, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in case of felony without benefit of clergy; and that also every such person or per- Persons aflfem-fons so being assembled as aforesaid, to the number of fifty or to wl?on^ more as aforesaid, to whom any such proclamation as aforesaid to haver should or ought to have been made, if the same had not been been made, if hindered as aforesaid, shall likewise, in case they or any of them, the same had to the number of twelve or more, shall continue together, and ntheen not disperse themselves within one hour after such let or hindrance nid^to^e.* so made, having knowledge of such let or hindrance so made, ther to the shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in case of felony number of 1* without benefit of clergy; and tfiat also, if any person or persons* or Gre> so being at any such assembly as aforesaid, shall with force and suchhin-^arms wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any manner drance, to wilfully and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt, any justice of the suffer death, peace, or other magistrate, or any peace officer, in apprehending Persons at such or taking into custody, in execution of any of the provisions of aflfemblies of-

this Pf"S

taking ot-

57

fenders into custody to suffer death.

Sheriffs depute, &c. in Scotland, to

power as justices in England.

Persons convicted of felonies in Scotland, to incur the pain of death and confiscation of moveables.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. [1795.

this act herein-before contained, any person or persons, or endeavouring so to do, that then every such opposing, obstructing. Jetting, hindering, or hurting, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in case of felony without benefit of clergy.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sheriffs depute and their substitutes, stewards depute and their have the same ^u*ltutes justices of the peace, magistrates of royal boroughs, and all other inferior judges and magistrates, and also all high and petty constables or other peace officers, of any county, stewartry, city, or town, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have such and the same powers and authorities, for putting this present act in execution within Scotland., as the justices of the peace and other magistrates aforesaid respectively have, by virtue of this act, within and for the other parts of this kingdom)and that all and every person and persons who shall at any time be convicted of any of the felonies afore-mentioned, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall for every such offence incur and suffer the pain of death, and confiscation of moveables.

s>.

XII. And whereas certain"hbufes^ rooms, or places, within the

cities of London and Westminster, and in the neighbourhood' thereof and in other places, have of late been'frequently vjed for the purpose of delivering lectures and difeourfes on and concerning supposed publick grievances, and matters relating to the laws, constitution, and government and policy of these kingdoms, and treating and debating on and concerning the same; and under pretence thereof leflures or discowj'e s have beeH delivered, and debates held, tending to Jlir up hatred and contempt of his Majestfs royal person, and of the government and con-fitution of this realm as by law established: be it therefore enacted ^Ire^oi^de authority aforesaid, That every house, room, field, or

batesconcern- other place where lectures or difeourfes shall be delivered, or ing supposed publick debates shall be had on or concerning any supposed pub-publick griev- lick grievance, or any matters relating to the laws, constitution, ances, where government or policy of these kingdoms, for the purpose of raif-Sr acfmiH^onng or collecting money, or any other valuable thing, from the unless previ- persons admitted, whether such house, room, field, or place, shall ously licensed, be opened or used for any such purpose alone, ' or for any such to be deemed purpose together with any other purpose, or under whatever pretence the same shall be opened or used, to which any person shall be admitted by the payment of money, or by tickets fold for money, or in confluence of his paying or giving, or having paid or given, or agreeing the reafter to pay or give, in any manner, any money or ether thing for or in respect of his ad-million into such house, room, field, or place, unless the opening or using of such house, room, field, or place, shall have been previously licensed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the person by whom such house, room, field, or place, shall be opened^ or used for the purpose aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for 6 every

disorderly places, and the persons opening or using them, to forfeit iqqI. &c.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. 571

every day or time that such house, room, field, or place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid, to such person as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punished as the law directs in cases of disorderly houses; and every person managing or conducting the And the per-proceedings, or acting as moderator, president, or chairman, at^sl^na^jnS such house, room, field, or place, or therein debating, or deliver- [nggfamfthe ing any discourse or lecture for the purpose aforesaid, and a 1 so persons pay-every person who shall pay, give, collect, or receive, or agree to ing or receiy-pay, give, collect, or receive, any money or other thing, for or in ^m^on^or respect of the admission of any person into any such house, room, delivering* or field, or place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive, any receiving tick-such ticket or tickets as aforesaid, knowing such house, room, ets, to forfeit field, or place, to be opened or used for such purpose, shall for lool' every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to such person as will sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person who shall at any time hereafter appear, act, or Per*?ns

J r j i /; DCJirin? 3S

behave him or herself as master or mistress, or as the person hav- suiter &c. ing the command, government, or management, of any such of such places house, room, field, or place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and liable to pro-taken to be a person by whom the same is opened or used as fecutiou. aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punched as such, notwithstanding he or she be nor, in fact, the real owner or occupier thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace, or ^intbr chief magistrate respectively, of any county, city, borough, or matron on place, who shall by information upon oath, have re.a fan to fu(pecl oath, have that any house, room, field, or place, or any parts or part thereof, seasonto fuf-are or is opened or used for the purpose of delivering lectures or difeourfes, or for publick debate, contrary to the provisions of this ed for deliver-a(51, to go to such house, room, or place, and demand to be ad- inglectures, mitted therein; and in case such justice or justices, or other pia- &c- rriay de-'gistrate, shall be refused admittance to such house, room, field, or and

place, or any part thereof, the same shall be deemed a disorderly in case of re- house or place, within the intent and meaning of this act; and all fufal, the place and every the provisions herein-before contained respecting any t(? be deemed house, room, field, or place, herein-before declared to be a dif- ^heerson orderly house, or place, shall be applied to such house, room, field, refusing ad-or place, where such admittance shall have been refused as afore- mittance to said, and every person refusing such admittance shall forfeit the forfeit I0h sum of one hundred pounds to any person who shall sue for the same.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Magistrates aforesaid, 7 hat it shall be lawful for any justice or justices of the Omittance* peace, or chief magistrate respectively, of any county, city, to^nyHcensed borough, or place, where any such house, room, or other building, place7at the shall be licensed as aforesaid, to go to such house, room, or time of deli-building so licensed, at the time of delivering any such lecture or verin&fcc-discourse therein as aforesaid, or at the time appointed for deliver- refused j ng any such lecture or discourse, and demand to be admitted there- it shall be

in: and in case such justice or justices, or other magistrate, shall be deemed dif-

refused orderly,

and the person refuting admittance shall forfeit icol.

Justices may license places for delivering lectures; and may revoke them/

Recovery of forfeitures.

[General issue.]

Treble costs,

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. [1795.

refused admittance to such house, room, or building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such licence as aforesaid, a disorderly house or place, within the meaning of this act; and all and every the provisions herein-before contained, respecting any house, room, field, or place, herein-before declared to be a disorderly house or place, shall be applied to such house, room, or building, so licensed as aforesaid, where such admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid; and every person refusing such admittance shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person who will sue for the same.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for two or more justices of the peace of the county* city, town, or place, where any house, room, or other building shall be, which any person shall be desirous to open for any of the purposes aforesaid, by writing under their hands and seals, at their general quarter session of the peace, or at any special session to be held for the particular purpose, to grant a licence to any person or persons desiring the same, to open such house, room, or other building, for the purpose of delivering for money any such lectures or difeourfes as aforesaid, on any of the subjects aforesaid, the same being clearly expressed in such licence, for which licence, a fee of one shilling, and no more, shall be paid, and the same shall be in force for the spacC of one year, and no longer, or for any less space of time, therein to be specified; and which licence it shall be lawful for the justices of the same county, city, town, or place, at any general quarter section of the peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in force, by any order of such justices, a copy whereof shall be delivered to or served upon the person to whom the said licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the house, room, or building, for which such licence shall have been granted, and thereupon such licence shall cease and deteririinej and be thenceforth utterly void and of no eftedt.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person entitled to any of the forfeitures aforesaid may sue by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the courts of justiciary or exchequer in Scotland, when the cause of action shall arise in Scotland\ in which action it shall be sufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of

(being the sum demanded by the said action) being forfeited by an act, made in the thirty-fi^th year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the ?nore effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies \ and the plaintiff, if he shall recover in any such action, shall have his full costs: provided also, that if any action or salt shall be brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance and in execution of this act, the defendant may plead the general issue; and if a veydidt pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff discontinue his or her action, or be nonsuited, or judgement be given against the plaintiff, then fqch defendant shall have treble costs,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9. 57

XVIII. Provided also, That nothing in this/adf contained Act not to ez*

shall be construed to extend to any lectures or discourses to be ten<* livered in any of the universities of these kingdoms, by any mem-

ber thereof, or any person authorised by the chancellor, vice chancellor, or other proper officers of such universities respectively.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no payment nor to instruc-made to any schoolmaster or other person by law allowed to teach tors of youth, and instruct youth, in respect of any lectures or discourses delivered

by such schoolmaster, or other person, for the instruction only of such youth as shall be committed to his instruction, shall be deemed a payment of money for admission to such lectures or discourses within the intent and meaning of this act.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall Act not to be deemed to take away or abridge any provision already made fjfwfor thl by the law of this realm, or of any part thereof, for the suppression suppression or pr punishment of any offence whatsoever described in this act. punishment of

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offences here-

That this act shall be openly read at every Epiphany quarter fef- m described* fions of the peace, and at every leet or law day. to bereiU*

XXII. Provided always, That no person shall be prosecuted times?*11

by virtue of this act, unless such prosecution shall be commenced Ljmitation Q within six calendar months after the offence committed; ^nd no a^ons> action shall be brought, for any of the penalties by this act imposed, unless the same shall be brought within three calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXIII. Provided also, That this act shall commence and Commence-have effect within the city of London, and within twenty miles mentandcon-thereof, from the day next after the day of passing this act, and ^nuance shall commence and have effect within all other parts of the king- a

dom, from the expiration of seven days next after the day of passing this act, and shall be and continue in force for three years from the day of passing this act, and until the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. IX.

An act to prevent obstructions to the free passage of grain within the kingdom.

[Dec. 18, 1795]*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers persons have assembled themselves in great numbers, and committed great violences, with intent to hinder the passage of corn and grain from place to place^ whereby the necessary circulation of corn and grain within the kingdom may be prevented: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons shall, Persons hin- from and after the passing of this act, wilfully and maliciously beat, wound, or use any other violence to or upon any person or corn, or feiz-persons, with intent to deter or hinder him or them from buying ing it on its

of corn orgrain in any market, or other place within this kingdom, Passage> &c.*

J r b to be commit-

574

ted to hard labour for a limited time.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795.

or shall unlawfully stop or seize any wheat, flour, malt, or other grain, in or on the way to or from any city, market town, or place, in this kingdom, or shall wilfully and maliciously break, cut, or destroy, any waggon, cart, or other carriage, wherein any such wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, shall be loacted, or the harness of any horse or horses, drawing or carrying the same, or shall unlawfully take off from any such carriage, or drive away, kill, or wound, any such horse or horses, or unlawfully beat or wound the driver or drivers of any such waggon, cart, or such other carriage, or horse, so loacted, with intent to stop such wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, or shall, by cutting of the sacks, or otherwise, scaster or throw abroad any such wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, or shall take or carry away, destroy, spoil, or damage the same, or any part thereof, every and all such person or persons, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more justices of the peace of the county, shire, stewartry, riding, division, town, or place corporate, wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, or before the justices of the peace in open sessions, (who are hereby authorised and empowered, summarily and finally, to hear and determine the same), shall be sent to the common goal or house of correction, there to continue and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of three months nor less than one month.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such person or persons so conviiSled shall commit any of the

cond time, or offences aforesaid a second time, or if, from and after the passing destroying of this act, any person or persons, with intent to prevent or storehouses, or hinder any corn, meal, flour, malt, or grain, from being lawfully there fro carr'e^ or removed from any place whatsoe'ver, shall wilfully and maliciously pull, throw down, or otherwise destroy, any store-house or granary, or other place in which corn, meal, flour, malt, or grain, shall be then kept, or shall unlawfully enter any such storehouse, granary, or other place, and take and carry away any corn, flour, meal, malt, or grain, therefrom, or shall throw abroad or spoil the same, or any part thereof, or shall unlawfully enter on board any ship, barge, boat, or vessel, and wilfully and maliciously take and, carry away, cast or throw out therefrom, or otherwise spoil or damage any corn, flour, meal, malt, or grain therein, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the space of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm; and if any such offender so transported shall return into this kingdom before the expiration of the said seven years, he or she shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy: provided always that no attainder for any offence made felony by virtue of this act shall make or work any corruption of blood, loss of dower, or disinheritance of heir or heirs.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, the inhabitants of every

Persons convicted of such offences a fe-

to be transported for 7 years, <Stc.

The hundred where any

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9. 575

hundred, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein such offenceis any such offence as aforesaid shall be committed, shall make full satisfaction and amends to all and every the person and persons, for damages, their executors and administrators, for the damage they shall have not exceeding sustained or suffered by any injury or violence done to their pro- 100L -perties by any offender or offenders against this act; and that every person and persons who shall sustain damages in their properties by any of the said offences, shall and are hereby enabled to sue for apd recover such his or their damages (the sum to be - recovered not exceeding one hundred pounds) against the said hundred, who by this act shall be made liable to answer all or any part thereof; such damages to be sued for, levied, and raised, in such manner and form, and by and under the like methods and directions, as are prescribed and mentioned in cases of actions of robberies on the highway in and by an act, made in the seven-and-twentieth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the following hue and cry; and by one other ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the ameiidment of the law relating to aSilons on the statute of hue and cry, except so much thereof as relates to giving, leaving, or publishing notice, or making fresh salt and hue and cry, or any other matter otherwise provided for by this act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be enabled to No Perfn recover any damages by virtue of this act, unless he or they, by themselves or by their servants, within two days after such damage pfs notice be or injury done him or them, by any such offender or offenders as given of the aforesaid, shall give notice of such offence done and committed to offence. See. one of the constables of the hundred, or to the conliable, bors- ^an^entered holder, headborough, or tything-man, of the town, parish, vil- jnt0 to prose-lage, hamlet, or tithing, in or near which such sass shall be cute known committed, and shall, within ten days after such notice, give in offenders, his or their examinations upon oath, or the examination of his

or their servants, being present at the time of the fad being committed, or having the care of such his or their properties to which such damage or injury shall be done, before any justice of the peace of the county, liberty, or division, where such fad shall be committed; whether he or they do know the person or persons that committed such fad, or any of them; and if upon such examination it be confessed that he or they do know that the person or persons that committed the said fad, or any of them, that then he or they so confessing shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute such offender or offenders according to this act, or otherwise according to the laws of the realm.

---

[If any offender be convicted within a year after the offence, the hundred not liable to make satisfac-]

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any offence shall be committed against this act, and any one of the said offenders shall be apprehended, and lawfully convicted of such offence, within the space of twelve months after the offence committed, no hundred or franchise therein shall in any wise be subject or liable to make any satisfaction to the

576 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 10. [1795.

[tion for damages.]

party or parties injured for the damages he or they shall ha^e sustained; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

[No action for damages to be brought till after a year, nor unless commenced within two years after the offence.]

provided also, that no person who, shall sustain any damage by reason of any offence to be committed by any offender contrary to this act, shall be enabled hereby to sue or bring any action against any hundred where such offence shall be committed till after the expiration of one year, nor unless the party or parties sustaining such damage shall commence his, her, or their, action or suit, within two years next after the offence committed.

[Act not to abridge any law for the punishment or suppression of offences mentioned herein.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or taken to abridge or take away any provision already made by the law of this realm, or any part thereof, for the suppression or punishment of any offence whatsoever mentioned or described in this act: provided also, that no person who shall be punished by virtue of this act, shall be punished for the same offence by virtue of any other law or statute whatsoever.

CAP. X.

An act for the better relief of the poor, within the several hundreds, towns, and districts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor; and for enlarging the powers of the guardians of the poor, within the said several hundreds, towns, and districts, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places, within their respective hundreds, towns, and districts, for the support and maintenance of the poor.

[Dec. 18, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS several acts of parliament have of late years been made and puffed for the better relief and employment of the poor in particular incorporated hundreds, towns, and districts, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas certain persons, described and appointed by the said several acts, are thereby empowered to assess the several parishes, hamlets, and places, charge able to the poors rate within the said several hundreds, towns, or districts respectively, in such sums of money as they fall think necessary, for defraying the expences offupporiing and maintaining the poor within their respective hundreds, towns and dislriftsy and for other the purpose s of the said acts \ but such sums of money, for which such assessments are to be madey are by the said several acts of parliament limited so as that they may not exceed a certain sum in any one yeary which sum was calculated upon an average of the amount of the poors rates tn each parish respectively, for a certain number of years previous to the passing of the respective incorporating acts: and whereas, by reason of the late very great increas'e of the price of corny and other necessary articles of lifey the amount of the rates and assessments, so limited by the said several acts of parliament, are become infuff cient for the necessary relief and maintenance of the poory who have also of late greatly increased in number: and whereas in many incorporated hundredsy townsy and distriftsy the expence of maintaining the poory

fmee

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. xo. 577

fmce the first clay of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety fivev has exceeded the whole amount of the rates which could be raisicl in the present year within those hundreds, towns, and dislridls, under their respective incorporating adis; whereby considerable debts have on that account been incurred by the guardians of the poor of those hundreds, towns, and difir ibis: and it is therefore become necessary and expedient that the powers of the several persons to whom is committed, by the said several acts of parliament, the duty of appointing the sums to be ajfieffied on the several parishes, hamlets, and places within their respective hundreds, towns, and difir iff s, jhoidd be enlarged: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, it ill a 11 Dire^ors^and and may be lawful for the directors and acting guardians of the ^ans^oldhe poor within any hundred, town, or district, in that part of Great poor.incorpo-Eritain called England, incorporated by any act of parliament for rated by acts the relief or maintenance and employment of the poor, or for any of parliament, other persons, by whatsoever name they are called or described, cafes1* to whom is given, by any such incorporating ad, the power of make such appointing the sum or sums to be assessed on the several parishes, assessments hamlets, or places, within their respective hundreds, towns, or as may be ne-districts, for the maintenance of the poor, and other the PuT^es support and C of such ad, at any of their annual, quarterly, or other general maintena meetings, whenever due average price of wheat at the corn mar* of the poor, ket in Mark Lane, London, for the quarter immediately preced- &c- notwith-ing such annual, quarterly, or other general meeting, shall have ^ay exfeed^ exceeded the average price of wheat at the same market during the assefl-those years from which the average amount of the poors rates ments limited was taken upon the passing of the several incorporating acts re- by the respectspectively, to assess the several parishes, hamlets, and places tive a<^s' within their respective hundreds, towns, or districts, which now are or usually have been charged to the poors rates, in such respective sums of moneyas the said directors and acting guardians, or such other persons as aforesaid, shall think necessary for defraying the expences attending the support and maintenance of the poor for the current quarter, and for paying the interest of the money borrowed and due by virtue of the said respective acts, and of any debts which may have been incurred fmce the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the maintenance of the poor, and for other the purposes of the said acts, notwithstanding such sums of money so to be alTelled should exceed the amount of the assessments limited by such respective adds of parliament to be assessed on the respective parishes, hamlets, and places, within such incorporated hundreds, towns, or districts, in any one year: provided always, that the sums to Afleft merits be assessed, and the afleAments to be made by virtue of this act, thi^-dTobe in each respective incorporated hundred, town, or district, shall ma(je &-c, as be assessed, made, collected, and paid in the same manner, and those under subject to the same ixftridions, regulations, limitations.'and theincorpo-Vol, L. Pp " powers

From Jan. i, 1798, no affessment to exceed double the sums at present raised under the incorporating acts.

s?8 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 11, 12. [1795.

powers of appeal, and with the like powers and remedies for compelling payment thereof, as the sums to be aftested, and the assessments to be made, by virtue of the several incorporating aftts, are by those respective acts directed to be assessed, collected, and made, within the several hundreds, towns, and dif-triCls respectively incorporated by those acts: provided also, that the sums to be aftefted by virtue of this act, upon any parish, hamlet, or place, shall be in the same rates and proportions as the assessments which have hitherto been made and levied by virtue of the said act or acts incorporating the several hundreds, towns, or districts in which such parishes, hamlets, or places are respectively situated: and provided also. That, from and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the sums to be aftested, by virtue of this act, on any parish, hamlet, or place, shall never exceed, in any one year, the amount of double the ium at present raised by virtue of any incorporating act now existing.

CAP. XI.

An act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain stinted pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

[December 18, 1795.]

CAP. XII.

An act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

[Dec. 19, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved, that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds in consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per Centura per annum, and to an additional principal sum of twenty pounds in like annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and also to a further principal sum of twenty-five pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the said several consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per

Every contributor of 100l. to be entitled to a principal of iool. in the 3 per cents, confols, and an additional principal of aol. therein, from July 5, 1795; a further principal of 25l. in the g, per cents, reduced, and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. 579

annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand an annuity of seven hundred and ninety-five; and shall also be entitled, in re- *I6ci' speci of every such one hundred pounds so contributed, to a fur- from^Od^io, ther annuity of six shillings and six pence, to continue for a certain 1795. term of sixty-four years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and then to cease; and that the said several consolidated annuities, after the out

rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum, and the of the confo-said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum lidated fund respectively, and of six shillings and sixpence in respect of each half-yearly, one hundred pounds, so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable ont of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said several consolidated annuites, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of "July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence to continue for a certain term of sixty-four years and three months from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety* five, and then to cease, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II. And where a sy pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities y with the cafiners of the governor and company of the bank of England; be It therefore enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contributors who have made such deposits with the mar; e cVpoPts cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of.it the bank England, (which cashier or cashiers is 2nd are hereby appointed may pay the the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf,) to advance and pay t; onshyinftS-unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company ments. of the hank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf;

(that is to say,) the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the eighteenth day of March then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of May then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-second day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per

580 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. [1795.

centum on or before the ninth day of September then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the eleventh day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the sixteenth day of Dece?nber then^next following.

Guardians

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for mfantT^ lX anc* maYor any guardian or trustee having the

disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid, and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

Contributors

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying d^countforn t^ie w ^e sums by them respectively subscribed in re-

subscriptions sped of the said sum of eighteen millions, to be contributed as paid in ad- aforesaid, at any time on or before the tenth day of November vance. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be entitled to

an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the same to the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that every contributor paying in the wdiole of the sums by them subscribed as aforesaid, at any time subsequent to the tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and previous to the thirtieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds five shillings per centum per annum, which allowances are to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such respective payments.

Annuities to V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be paid half- t]ie fevera} fobfciibers or contributors, their executors, adminif-tilffifofcrip0 trators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of tions arecpm- eighteen millions, shall be entitled to an annuity after the rate of pleted, three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds, by him,

her, or them respectively advanced and paid, and also to an annuity after the like rate of three pounds per centum in respect of the said additional principal sum of twenty pounds, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until redemption by parliament, in manner herein after

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. 58

mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds To advanced and paid, to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum in respect of the additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and final also be entitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity of six shillings and sixpence, to continue for the term of sixty-four years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and then to cease; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, three pounds per ceyitum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, and of six shillings and sixpence, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say,) the said first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centuin, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April and the said tenth day of October in every year, the first: payment upon the said first: mentioned several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum to be due on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: and on the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTix; but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or aftlgns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such contributor or contribu- Contributors tors, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, tile

who shall have paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers ^erCfub_ the whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before scriptions by the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and nine- the times ty-six, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of herein speci-January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, at the bank ^titled to^he of England, the half year's annuities, after the rate of three pounds annuities at per centum, and of three pounds per centum, that shall become due certain on the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and periods, ninety-six; and that all and every person or persons who shall have completed the whole of his, her, or their said payment or payments on or before the second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, on or before the second day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or on or before the seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, respectively, shall be entitled on the day next ensuing on which

5$2

Annuities p.iy -bit, u. the bunk.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. T2. [1795.

any dividend-shall become due by virtue of this act, to receive the half-year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, three pounds centum, or three pounds per centum, respectively,

or six shillings and sixpence, or any of them, which by virtue of this act shall become due on Inch day respectively, or shall have become due at any day preceding, and shall not have been paid by virtue of this act; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said seventh clay of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be then entitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity on each of the said several annuities-by this act granted, or to be granted, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the tenth day oOctober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable, and paid, and be transferable at the bank of England; and, as to the said several annuities of three pounds per centum* of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum, respectively, shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

VIII. And for the more easy and Jure payment of all the several annuities established by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed or determined, ap-

neral, anu the point and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cafihier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities and other payments herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without an further warrant to be sued for, 'had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first: or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of im-prest, and upon account for the payment of the said several and Cashier to pay respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such WithoutSde ca&ner or cashiers to whom the said money shall from time to lay, and the time ke issued, shall, from time to time, without delay, pay the accountant same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof ac-general to in- cording to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said conmtslS aC' accountant general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashiey

or

The bank to appoint a cashier and accountant ge-

treasury to order money to be paid to the caiiiier.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. 583

or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers Ca/hiertogive of the governor and company of the bank of England\ who shall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of eighteen millions, shall give a receipt or a fsigned be'ore receipts in writing, to every such contubutor, for all such sums, Nov.io, 1796. and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, andnolonger: provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall give security Cashiertogive to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of nioney the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly within five answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, days alter for the publick use, all the monies which they have already re- received, into ceived, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and t tCX?-hequei. for the said sum of eighteen millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trufl hereby in them reposed, and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducting the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this abf, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the A book to be office of the accountant general of the governor and collTarT ^countantneeC" the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be neral's office provided and kept in which the names of the contributors shall for entering be fairly entered; which book or books the said respective con- contributors tributors, their respective executors, administrators, successors, n^te ofdU- and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all season- which shall be; able times, resort to, and inspebl, without any fee or charge; transmitted to and that the said accountant general shall, on or before the fifth the auditor of day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, trans- the exchequer, mitan attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain forever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors such contributors duly paying the whole sum so subscribed, at or subseri before the respective times in this abt limited in that behalf, and tionstobeen-their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, titled to their shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this annuities free abl, to have, receive, and enjoy the said several annuities by this ^om taxes* abl granted, " in respect of the sum so subscribed out of the monies

granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, as well in respect of the said transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, as of six shillings and sixpence per annum, payable and transferrable at

5S-4- Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. [1795.

the bank of England \ and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever, Subfenptions

XII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors amV nofcom w have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said ploterl, to be cashier or cashiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and solicited. in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed, or therr respective executors, administrators, fuccedors, or assigns, flaall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned; then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum'per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, and of six shillings and six pence per annum, in respeT thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, As soon as That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, arec^rn'^eted ^uccel^ors5 or a^gns> shall have completed their payments of the t heyday be'whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of transferred at eighteen millions, the principal sum or sums so by them subscribed the bank. and paid respectively shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank

of England., placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the several annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of six shillings and sixpence per annum for sixty-four years and three months, and then to cease; and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this acct, until redemption of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of six shillings and sixpence per annum at the expiration of the said period of sixty-four years and three months.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, beLemld ^at all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities personal ef- hereby granted in respect of the said eighteen millions, and all tate. persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof

as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible to heirs,

nor

58S

1795.] Anno o'regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12.

nqr liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or mare of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, ney p; lj; jnt0 to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money the exche-as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by quer.

the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^ccount; nit That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant general general tok^ep for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums books for readvanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, gifteringtraaf-shall be entered and registered: which entry shall be conceiveders*

in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing, under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, That all persons possessed of devised!^any share or interest in either of the said stocks of annuities, or wqj which any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in must be enterwriting, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no ed with the payment shall be made upon any such devise until so much of the accGuntant

m j L j P'on^r^Li

said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said 6 stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities shall goto the executors, administrators, successors, and aligns; and that no stamp duties whatso- ^be^faWe^to ever dial] be charged on any of the said transfers j any law or stamp duty, statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies arising from the con- Treasury to tributions towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions by an- ^dental ex-nuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or pences out the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge of contribu-all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution and to

o j allow

of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reason- totfte cashier able, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be and account-thought proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said ca- ant general, filter or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and also shall have power to make out of the consolidated fund such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities

The 3 per cents. covtrols. under this act to be added to the joint stock of the 3 per cents, con-fols.;

and the 3 per

cents.reduced to the joint stock of 3 per cents, reduced.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. [1795.

nuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour, of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this, a cl; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which the said respective annuities first mentioned, after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint (lock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England^ into which the several films carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and {hare in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which the said annuity last mentioned after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, which, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice as in the several acts, by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. 5S7

That all the said annuities, after the rate or six shillings and fix- Annuities of

pence per annum, to continue for a certain term of sixty-four n^c

years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thou- for

land seven hundred and ninety-five, and then to cease, to which n9 and 98

any person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, shall be years.

entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum or sums of

money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of

eighteen millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one

joint stock with certain annuities which, by two acts made in

the first: and second years of the reign of his present Majesty,

were granted and made payable at the bank of England, for the respective terms of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two respectively, and then to cease; and which said respective annuities

were consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by divers

acts, made in the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid,

payable, and transferrable at the same time and times, and in

like manner with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and Annuities

so much money final], from time to time, continue to be set apart, tobe

and issued at the receipt of the exchequer to the said cashier or paid out of the

cashiers of the bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy consolidated

and pay so much of the said annuities, after the respective rates tund

of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, of

three pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby

granted to continue for a certain term of sixty-four years and three months, from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and then to cease, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause Persons coun-or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fib all willingly act or i ^ts"for con assist in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for trihution$?&c! the whole of, or any part or parts of, the said contributions to- guilty of rewards the said sum of eighteen millions, either with or without lony. the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein; or utter or publifti as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England^ or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the The bank to

bank continue a

5S8

corporation toll the annuities hereby granted cease.

No fee Hi all be taken for receiving contributions) or paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of 2cL

General issue

[Treble costs.]

[Preamble.]

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795.

bank of England\ and their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament, or shall cease as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or final), to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person effending, by taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, faall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, pro-tedion, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act,

such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendants or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be non-suited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tobacco andfnujf.

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and for making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty

5s9

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13.

the several additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned y and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in ties^texdfc-

respect of the several matters and things herein after mentioned, to be paid i

over, and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof

by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excile

herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth, production, For Spimfh or or manufacture, of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Por- batxofimport-tugol, imported on or after the seventh day of December one thou- ed on or alter sand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported, into Dec. 7, 1795, Great Britain, one {billing: is. per lb.

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, imported into For Great Britain before the seventh day of December one thousand ^areTouM seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have before Dec 7, been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said seventh day of 1795, December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any^warehouse, according to the directions of an act made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, or of another act made in the thirty-first year of the said reign, one shilling:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which, on the said For such to-seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety- boufeoa'B?' five, was in any warehouse in which the same had been deposited, 7 2795, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of either of the delivered oast said acts, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such for home con-warehouse for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, one luj^10Ii* 3S-shilling; to be paid by the importer upon demand: '

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which, at any and delivered! time from and after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been or shall be delivered for 1 ' exportation, out of the warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of the said acts, or either of them, one penny:

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth or produc- For Irftli or

tion of Irela?id\ or of the growth or production of his Majesty's American*-1 o i' j j bacco ini'xurJ'*

colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, in America, or of on or the united states o{America^ imported on or after the said seventh Dec. 7, 1795,

day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or 4d.per lb-

to be imported, into Great Britain, four-pence:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, as last aforesaid. For such to-

imported into Great Britain before the said seventh day of De- ^TrehouLd

cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which before Dec. 7.

shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before 1795, 4d. per

the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five*

For such tobacco in ware-house, on Dec. 7, 1795, and delivered out

per lb.

For fnuffim-port

East India company, on or;

17S lb.

590 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795.

ninety-five, in any warehouse, according to the directions of the said act, or either of them, four-pence:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, as last aforesaid, which^on the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, was in any warehouse in which the same had been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the for home con- directions of the said adds, or either of them, and which hath lumption, 4J. been or be delivered out of such warehouse for home trade, consumption or-manufacture, four-pence: to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every pound weight of snuff, imported into Great Britain^by un'ted company of merchants trading to the East Indies, on or after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven orafterDec. 7, hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported into Great Britain }79S> is. per by the said united company, one shilling:

For every pound weight of the like snuff, imported into Great For such fnuft Britain, before the said seventh day of December one thousand housed1 before seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have Dec. 7, 1795. been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said seventh day is. per lb. of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any warehouse, according to the directions of the said acts, or either of them, one shilling:

For such snuff For every pound weight of the like snuff, which, on the said

in warehouse seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-on 1 7* m*/

1795, on deli- was in any warehouse in which the same had been deposited,

very thereout, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of the said acts,

is. per lb. or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out

of such warehouse, one shilling; to be paid by the importer upon

demand:

For every pound weight of snuff, imported into Great Britain from any British plantation in America, or from the SpaniJhlVef Indies, on or after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported therefrom, six-pence:

For every pound weight of the like snuff, as last aforesaid, im-lb.'" ported into Great Britain before the seventh day of December one

For such snuff thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not ac-not warehous- tually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before the said ed before^Dec. seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

-Pr In nn\r \-\ia r/=h ri i ip or'rr^rrli nnr M flip A rm c nf fair1

For fnuffim-ported from British America or the Spanish West Indies, on or after Dec. 7, i?95> 6d* Per

For such snuff in warehouse on Dec. 7, 1795, on deti-verythereout, 6d. per lb.

For snuff imported from

five, in any warehouse, according to the directions of the said acts, or either of them, sixpence:

For every pound weight of the like snuff, as last aforesaid, which, on the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any warehouse in which the same had been deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of the said acts, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such warehouse, sixpence; to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain from any other place, on or after the said seventh day of Decern-5 her

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. 51

her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be im- ariy ^exported into Great Britain from any other place, seven-pence: Pj*L* or

For every pound weight of the like snuff, as last aforesaid, yd. ptr imported into Great Britain before the said seventh day of De- lb. ceinber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which For such snuff shall not actually have been deposited, lodged, and secured, before not ware - the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and before

ninety-five, in any warehouse, according to the directions of the 7ci '^said acts, or either of them, seven-pence:

For every pound weight' of the like snuff, which, on the said For such snuff seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any warehouse in which the same had been deposited, zon^deli-lodged, and secured, according to the directions of the said acts, very thereout, or either of them, and which hath been or shall be delivered out 7d. per lb. of such warehouse, seven-pence 3 to be paid by the importer upon demand.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

such of the duties by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of nafremfnt Of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commit, the commissioners of excise in England for the time being 3 and doners of such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called excl^e*

Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Additional the said additional duties by this act imposed, for or in respect ofdu.ties to tobacco and snuff respectively imported, shall be paid by such persons, in such manner, at such times, and under and subject to

the same rules, regulations, and provisions, as the former excise duties on tobacco and snuff respectively imported, are now payable by law.

IV. And whereas contract s ?nay have been made for the [ale of tobacco and snuff respectively, for or in respect whereof the said duties are by this act imposed3 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any tobacco or snuff whereon Oncontra&s any of the respective duties by this act imposed shall be charged, a^? fna! shall be delivered in pursuance of such contracts or fajes, it shall ^Vded to the be lawful for the person or persons delivering the same, to charge prices agreed so much money as shall be equivalent to the duties by this a cltor-imposed for or in respect thereof, in addition to the price of the same, and such person or persons shall be entitled by virtue of this act to demand and be paid for the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On exports-upon the exportation of any short cut tobacco, shag tobacco, roll tion of short tobacco, or carrot tobacco, respectively manufactured from to-^anu&c bacco for which the duties by this act imposed shall have been tured from' paid, which shall be delivered for home trade, consumption, or tobacco deli-manufacture, out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the veredtromany same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the ^mecon6 directions of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign fumption, the of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for repealing the duties following

on additional

592 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795.

drawbacks to on tobacco and fruff and for granting new duties in lieu thereoff and allowed: exported as merchandize, under and fabjed to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained, provided, settled, or ePcablifned, in or by the Paid ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, or in or by any other law or laws relating to the exportation of tobacco, in force immediately before the passing of this act, there shall be paid and allowed the several additional drawbacks herein after mentioned: that is to say,

For short cut, 4d. per lb. Shag, 3d. zq.

Roll, 4d. and Carrot, 3d.zq.

For every pound weight of such short cut tobacco so exported, an additional excise drawback of four-pence:

For every pound weight of such shag tobacco so exported, an additional excise drawback of three-pence halfpenny:

For every pound weight of such roll tobacco so exported, an additional excise drawback of four-pence:

And for every pound weight of such carrot tobacco so exported, an additional excise drawback of three-pence halfpenny.

Powers of 12 VI, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

to extend anc^ eVer^ t^ie WerS- *re(*ons> ru^es? penalties, forfeitures, tn^this c^au^es? matters, and things, which, in and by an act, made in

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and perveyance, and for settling.a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise are provided, settled, or established, for managing raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties ... thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised, used, and

put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act. Duties to be^

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

consolidated*Ikat the monies from time to time arising by the duties by fund. this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and

accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money so paid as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-a Ulied in de thority aforesaid, That the monies to arise from the said duties, fraying any*or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an act-increased dition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the charge oeca- increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this section of parliament; and that session, and the said monies during the space often years next ensuing, shall

continue

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. 593

Continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for 10 years to distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publicjc re- w.ltl1

venue; and that there shall be provided and kept In the office of gr^ntedUfor3 the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, the same pur-a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said du- pose separate ties, paid into the receipt by virtue of this act, shall, together from other with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this mQn-es*

session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

IX. And whereas by the laws now in force> none but tobacco of the growth of the British plantations, which Jhdl have paid duty> and which J, hall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be legally used or consumed on board of any of the iransports employed in carrying his Majesty's land forces in any part of Europe: and whereas it is expedient that tobacco of the growth or production of the British plantations in America, or the united Jlates of America, regularly ported into Great Britain, should befupplied to the ships or iransports e?nployed to carry his Majesty's land forces, for the use of non-com-rationed officers and Jeldters, without payment of any duty whatever

Under certain conditions: be it therefore enacted by the authority American to-aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commanding ba?f0(1l^d officer of the forces on board any such ship or transport in actual ^arehoused service, on purchasing any such tobacco for the purpose aforesaid, may be re-which shall have been legally deposited in any warehouse now or moved duty-hereafter to be appointed by the commissioners of the customs for ^ree the reception of the same on importation thereof, to remove the fJofSnd^same, without payment of any duty whatever, by permission of forces on the said of of the customs, upon such conditions, and board ship, under such regulations and rest rid ions, as they may deem necessary for the security of the revenue, to the ports of Rqcheffery Portsmouth, or Plymouth, there to be deposited in the charge of the collectors and comptrollers of such ports respectively, who are hereby authorised and required, on such tobacco being duly-entered outwards, to permit the same to be shipped and put on board any ship or transport in actual service, within the limits of their respective ports, under the care and inspection of the proper officers.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author

rity aforesaid, That the tobacco so about to be Chipped, shall be No tobacco so really and truly meant and intended for the use and consumption shipped to be of such land forces, and that no part thereof shall be by such com- ^{eave fnanding officer, or with his privity, consent, or knowledge, -m Qrcat 3^/ relanded in any part of Great Britain, without special leave first tain, norm had and obtained from the proper officer or officers of his Ma- Ireland, &c. jesty's customs for that purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the 1 {lands of Guernfy, JcrJ'ey, Alderney, Sarky or Man*

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity quantity of such tobacco shall be allowed to any such ship or which may be transport, than two pounds weight uverdupois by the lunar ffiipped.

Vol. XL; inonthj

594 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14. [1795.

month, for each non-commissioned officer or soldier, nor shall any greater quantity be permitted to be shipped at one and the same time, than will be sufficient to serve such forces for any time not exceeding the space of six months, at the rate aforesaid.

CAP. XIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty further additional duties on the amount of the duties, under the management of the Commissioners fit the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned.

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

T your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

Yy commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, to-words raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this lession of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further additional duties herein after mentioned; and do mod: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the From April 5, authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April affiefi?mentVC1^ one t^0UI'anc^ seven hundred and ninety-six, there shall be raised, made under levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, any act now his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Bri-in force re- tain, upon every adedment to be made after the fifth day of ^der The UtieS one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under or by management virtue of any act: or acts of parliament now in force, for or in of the com- respect of the several rates and duties under the management of missioners for the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, a further additional

dltknr?ddt rate or duty a^ter t^ie rate tea Pounds ^or every hundred pounds of 1 ok percent. the gross amount of all the said former rates and duties charged

on theamount by such adedment, except as herein after is excepted, to be paid,

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, except, See. co]]eded, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, upon every ^e(fmentfUCh a{Iefrment made or to be made for the year ending the fifth day made^or the of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, for or in respect of the several rates and duties before mentioned, a further additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds for every hundred pounds of the gross amount of all the said former rates be charged for and duties charged by such assessment, except as herein after is half a year. excepted, to be computed for the half year ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-Adnottoex- rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, tend tocertain or be construed to extend, to charge with the said further ad-dutles- ditional

year ending April 5, 1796, the additional duty of 10l. per cent, to

x 795* 1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14. 595

ditional rate or duty of ten pounds per centum by this act im- posed, the amount of the duty commonly called The Land Tax^ granted to his Majesty in and by an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by aland tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou find seven hundred and ninety-five, or granted or to be granted by any act of the present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or that shal 1 or may be granted by any a d or acts of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax during the continuance of this act, nor the amount of the rates and duties after the rate of ten pounds per centum upon the gross amount of certain assessed taxes, granted by an act passed in the thirty-first: year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional dudes on the amount of the duties, under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned, nor the amount of the rates and duties granted upon horses byseveral of the acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, nor any rate or duty whatever, to be raised by assessment by virtue of any act or acts of parliaments be passed in this present session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cJ*tcn the said further additional rates and duties hereby imposed as duties, aforesaid, shall be paid over and above and in addition to the respective rates and duties on houses, windows, and* lights, granted by two several acts of the sixth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, upon inhabited houses, granted by an act: of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Majesty, upon male servants, granted by an act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign -of his said Majesty, and upon coaches and other carriages, granted by two several acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his said Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission-the of authorised or appointed, or who shall be au- ers, &c. ap-thorised or appointed, to put in execution the said several acts f^ecution^ before-mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or former acts any of them, on the amount of which the said additional rates relative to the or duties are hereby imposed, shall be of for executing duties, to put this present act, and that the several surveybrs, inspectors, assessors

and collectors respectively appointed, or to Joe appointed, to put ina<^ p execution the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them, by the said former acts, or any of them, and the said of, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to ad in the execution of the said several acts before-mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the said further additional rates or duties hereby imposed, in the Jike and in as full and ample a

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

Periods of paying the additional duty for the half year ending April 5

afic Ament.

c. 14. [1795.

manner, as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said former acts, relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed for the said half year, ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall he paid at the times and in the manner following; (that is to say), on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred andminety-six, by even and equal portions, and shall, from and after the passing of this act, be a charge upon the respective persons addled to the payment of any of the said former rates and duties, for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, (except as aforesaid), and shall be paid by such persons respectively, at the times before-mentioned; and which collec- the respective collectors, to whom any assessments for the year tors of former ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred demand^with an<* nlnetY'^lx delivered for the purpose of collecting the

out a new " former rates or duties, according to the directions of the several acts before-mentioned, shall have full power and authority to demand, collect, and receive, the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed for the said half year of and from the persons reflectively charged with the said former rates and duties in addition thereto, at the times and in the manner herein-before mentioned, without any new a fie Ament to be made for the same, and to give acquittances in such manner as is directed by the said acts, '1 with relation to the said former rates and duties.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

t w^That the several and respective collectors of the said former rates mate*the addi* and duties, to whom any assessments thereof for the year ending tional duty on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-asse Aments f1X) shall be delivered, shall, on or before the fifth day of March

endinge April one seven hundred and ninety-six, estimate and afeer-

5, 1796, and tain, according to the befi: of their skill and judgement, the

amount of the rate or duty by this act imposed upon every such a fie Ament, and shall, by writing under their respective hands, certify the same to one or more of the said of acting for the respeeflive divisions or places in which such assessments shall be made, together with the names of the several persons chargeable therewith, and the amount of the said former rates and duties whereon such additional rate or duty is by this acfc imposed, and shall also cause two duplicates thereof to be made out and delivered to the said of in each division or place, all which certificates and duplicates thereof respectively shall be ligned by such commissioner or of; and the said duplicates shall be forthwith transmitted to such persons, and in such and the like manner, as is directed by the said acts relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, with respect to the duplicates of assessments therein mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective surveyors or inspectors appointed, or to be

appointed.

Collectors by March 5, 1796, to efti-

certity the same to the commissioners, Scc.

Surveyors to examine certificates, Sec.

597

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

appointed, under or by virtue of the said several adis relative to the said rates and duties, or any of them, shall be, and are hereby respectively empowered and required to inspect and examine the certificates to be made of the said additional rate or duty for the said half year ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, before the commissioner or of shall have signed the same, and to alter and amend any such certificate or certificates if they, or any of them, shall fee just cause for so doing; and every person in whose custody such certificate shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same for inspection for the purpose aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 5l

from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven Additional hundred and ninety-six, the said further additional rate or duty dutytobe hereby imposed shall be paid quarterly in each year, on the four paid quarterly, most usual days of payment in the year for the said duties; (thathe

is to say,) on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the tA[n the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by amount, and even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made certify the on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- same t^rthe^ fix; and upon every assessment to be made after the said fifth day ^s^1ICl ion of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under or by virtue of the said acts, or either of them, the assessors appointed, or to be appointed, to make such assessments, and in their default the respective surveyors and inspectors appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them, shall ascertain the amount of the said further additional rate or duty hereby imposed, and shall certify and return the same upon such assessments to the respective of authorised to put the said acts in execution, at their respective meetings to beheld for returning such assessments in all and every the respective counties, shires, stew3rtries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places reflectively; which said further additional rate or duty, so certified, shall be added to the amount of the former assessed rates and duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received, under the rules, regulations, and directions, prescribed by the said former acts, subject nevertheless to such proportional increase or abatement in the amount thereof as shall be necessary, in case the said former rates or duties so assessed shall be increased or diminished by any surcharge thereupon, or appeal therefrom, in pursuance of the said former acts.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Additional the several rates or duties by this act imposed upon the amount duties to be of the several former rates and duties as aforesaid, shall and may &c. as former be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, duties.

paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions, by which all the former rates and duties on the amount of which the said additional rates or duties are by this

QJ^.3 aa

59S Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14. [1795.

act: imposed, or according to such special rules, methods, and directions, by which such of the former rates and duties, upon the amount of which any of the said additional rates or duties may be chargeable by virtue of this act, were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions, are expressly varied by this act; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any at or ats of parliament relative to the said former rates and duties, or any of them now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former ats granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional rates or duties by this at imposed, and not repugnant to the particular diretions of this at, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, pratifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several additional rates and duties by this at granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enated in the body of this present at.

carried to the

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, consolidated That all monies arising by the said rates and duties, (the fund. necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the defraying the monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or so much increased thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made charge occa- to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge loarfof^this0^ occa^lone<^ by any loan to be raised by virtue of any at or ats session and Pahed or to be passed in this session of parliament, and that the for ioV^ars, said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be to be kept paid into the said receipt, distintly and apart from all other with other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided f^the fame anc^ kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during purpose fepa- the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the rate from monies arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, other monies, hal], together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

599

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c.

CAP. XV.

/n act for granting to his Majesty now duties on certain horse sy not charged with duty by any other act or adis of parliament, and on mules.

[DeCv 24, 1795].

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the new duties here-in-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after From April 5, the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, ^e^aid a*nnu there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the ally*for every kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, horse not his heirs and successors, for every horse, mare, or gelding, not chargeable charged with any duty by the several acts passed in the twenty- under24 Geo. fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, Geo. c!^/, or either of them, or by any act to be passed in this session of par- or by any act liament, on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for of this session, the purpose of drawing any carriage, therein respectively men- everF

tioned, and for every mule, a duty of two shillings; to be paid by the owner,

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, Duties to be levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by under the ma-this act: imposed, the of authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in floners for execution the acts relative to the present duties on houses, and taxes; windows or lights, and inhabited houses, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present act, with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and Angular the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the and the fur-several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors respectively, before appointed to put in execution the said several acts before men- mentioned tioned, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, acts, to put and collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to thisexecu-the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said tlon* former acts, or any of them; and the said of, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the execution

Duties to be paid quarterly.

6a Aririo iregni triciesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 15. [1795.

cution of the said several acts before-mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution* with relation to the aforesaid rates or duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said former acts, relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid duties so to be assessed under this act shall be paid quarterly, at the times and in the manner following; (that is to say), on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftobef) in every year, by equal portions; the lirft of the said payments to be made on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

Assessors to IV\ And be it further enacted, That the several persons to be give notice to appointed afieffots as aforesaid shall, within fourteen days after prepare^Hfts of *uc^cir appointrnent? yearly give or leave notice in writing* horses kept in to or for every person keeping any horse, mare, or gelding, not the course of charged with any other duty as aforesaid, or any rilule, within the year end- the limits of the places for which such assessors are to act, at his cediVg fth of or ^er ^Welling house or place of abode, to prepare and produce* April, liable within the space of fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving to thepresent such notice, one lift, in writing* which list in writing, (over and or former du- besides the number of horses, carriages, and servants, liable to stich as^re ^ut*es on horses* carriages* and servants, respectively and of

claimed to be t^e persons residing or inhabiting in any such dwelling house* exempted^ who shall have worn or used hair powder), shall contain the great-eft number of horses, mares, and geldings, not charged as aforesaid, and also of mules, of whatever age, and whether in use ot not, by him or her had or kept in the course of the year, ending on such preceding fifth day of April as aforesaid* distinguishing therein the number of such horses, mares, geldings* and mules, liable to the duty of two shillings hereby imposed and the number of horses kept and used by him or her, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing* liable to the said former duties* and upon which additional duties are by any act to be passed in this section of parliament imposed and also such horses, mares, and geldings, as are claimed to be exempted from the said duty by the particular provisions of this act; and every such person Sveredmh6' shall> after such notice so given or left, make out the said lift aflcffors,  C accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the ftime, or cause the same to be delivered, to such assessors or assessors, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the said notice being given, when he or they shall call for the same, or in default thereof* shall leave the same at the place mentioned in the said notice* as the abode of any of the assessors* within ten days after such assessor or afieffors shall have so called if lifts be not for the same; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to make delivered, the out) sign? and deliver, such lift within the time before-mentioned, then such assessor or afieffors shall, from the best information

Lifts to be

assessors to

i'795-l Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 15. 601

tnation he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such per- assess the deson so refusing or neglecting, for or in respect of every horse, mare, gelding* or mule, kept by him or her as aforesaid; and forrruuion ob-every such assessment so made upon any such neglect or refusal, tained, which shall be final and conclusive upon the person thereby charged, frail be final, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her dwelling house or a^fenC place of abode at the time of the delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such lift as aforesaid to the assessor, or unless such person shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered his or her lift as the commissioners for executing this act shall in their judgement think reasonable and sufficient.

V. And be it further enacted, That such assessors as aforesaid AflMTbrs not shall not be bound by such lifts as shall be delivered to them0 respectively, in pursuance of this act, but dial 1 be at liberty, if vertV but* they shall find upon due examination that any horse, mare, geld- may surcharge ing, or mule, liable to the duties by this adfimposed, is omitted, omitfions.

to surcharge the same, and make a true assessment upon every person within their respective districts of the real number of such cattle kept by each such person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any person liable Persons not under the directions herein-before contained to deliver such lift

ias aforesaid to the afteftor or assessors, shall refuse or neglect, forfeit ioi. within the time herein-before prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift to such afteftor or assessors, he or file, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by action or information in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and for offences committed in Scotland, in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, in which action or information no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more y

than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such Application of penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or0liclture* successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Surcharges afteftor or surveyor or inspector shall make a surcharge upon any person, for or in respect of any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, ^uty^'and omitted to be inserted in any such Jiff, such surcharge shall be the periods made after the rate of double the duty for every horse, mare, making them gelding, or mule, so omitted, and the afteftor, surveyor, or in- entritled to a spedor, so making such surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled m01ttV to, and shall have and receive for his own use, one moiety of the sum charged by every surcharge which shall be justly made upon any stich lift*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several rates or duties by this act imposed shall and may Duties to ht be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, ^former and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and diiabi- duties.

Jities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions,

6o2

A & not to extend to horses let for hire by licensed per ion t:;

nor to horses under 13 h^.ncls. or not having been ridden* or used for draught.

Horses for whom exemption is claimed to be included iii lift, and on demand to be produced for examination } and if not produced, or if found not to be exempted, the owner to be fur-

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 15. [1795.

tions, by which the rates and duties on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing, are or may be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions, are expressly varied by this act; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament, relative to the said rates and duties on horses kept and used for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the rates or duties by this aCi imposed, and not repugnant to the particular direct ions of this act, shall be in full force, and duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said duties, any horse, mare, or gelding, let to hire for travelling post by the mile, or from stage to stage, or let to hire for a day or less period of time, by any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person licensed for that purpose by the of appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any horse, mare, or gelding, under the height of thirteen hands, of four inches to each hand, nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, which shall not at any time whatever, preceding the time of making the, assessment for that year, have been ridden, or used as a draught horse, or for the purpose of carrying any burthen, and of which horses, mares, or geldings, an account shall be given as herein is mentioned, at the time of the delivery of lifts of horses liable to the said duties; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every horse, mare, or gelding, notwithstanding any claim of exemption from the said duty by virtue of this act, shall be enumerated and included in the lifts of the number of horses kept by any person, and required to be made and returned annually, as herein is mentioned, under the title of horses exempted from duty; and that the owner or owners thereof shall, upon demand made, produce, or cause to be produced, such horse, mare, or gelding, to the afteftor or afle/iors, Purveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, of the said duty, or at any meeting of the commissioners for putting the several acts relative to the several duties on horses, or any of them, in

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. t

execution, to be admeasured or otherwise examined, as the case charged don-may require, respecting all or any of the particulars before-men- ble the duty', tioned; and if the said owner or owners shall neglect or resute, on demand being made, to produce such horse, mare, or gelding, for which such exemption as aforesaid shall be claimed to the assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, of the said rate or duty, or to the said of aforesaid, to be admeasured or otherwise examined as the case may' require, or if upon such adm'eafurement or examination, such horse, mare, or gelding, shall not be found to be within the particular exemption claimed as aforesaid, every such owner or owners shall be liable to and shall be surcharged with double the fair! rate or duty by this a cl imposed on every horse, mare, or gelding, kept as aforesaid, and shall not be relieved from such surcharge, or any part thereof, unless it shall be made appear to the said commift on-ers, by examination on oath, on appeal before them, that such horse, mare, or gelding, for which such exemption is claimed, was duly inserted in the lift delivered of horses kept by such owner or owners, according to the directions of this act, and that such owner or owners ought not to have been rated or assessed

for such horse, mare, or gelding, within the intent and meaning of this abb

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all monies arising by the said rates and duties (the necessary >ut}es to be charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall carried to the from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex- consolidated chequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consoli- lune* dated fund.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties to be monies arising, or to arise, of the said duties, or so much thereof applied in as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the

revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occa- charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any abl or abts palied, ficned by any or to be passed, in this session of parliament; and that the said lo in of this monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid a"^rg

into the said receipt, distinctly and apart from all other branches ^th^ther1^8*

of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept rhnit-s Rrant-in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said ed for the same period of ten years, a book or books in which- all the monies purpose, kept arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, shal], other^onit^ together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this felhon of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

[Dec* 24, 1795.]

604 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16. [1795.

Most gracious Sovereign*

Preamble

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjeefts, the com-W mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards 1-aifing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be rat fed by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the 179s'theaddil ^ame> That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand tional duties seven hundred and ninety-six, there shall be raised, levied, col-following to ledled, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto he paid on and for the use of h*is Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several for ridingf duties following; (that is to say, )

&c.

Duties. That every person who shall keep and use any horse, mare, or

gelding, for the purpose of riding, ' or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any other carriage, by whatever name such carriage is now or hereafter may be called or known, (for or in respect whereof any rate or duty heretofore under the management of the commissioners of the excise, and now transferred to and under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes is payable,) shall be charged with the further additional annual duty of ten shillings for each such horse, mare, or gelding:

That every person who shall keep two horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name such carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with a further additional annual duty of five shillings for one of such horses, mares, or geldings:

That every person who shall keep and use three, four, or five, horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name such carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with a further additional duty of seven shillings and sixpence for each such horse, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one:

That every person who shall keep and use fix or more horses, mares, or geldings, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name such*v car*

605

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16.

carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with a further additional annual duty of ten shillings for each such horse, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, Duties to be levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by umUrthema. this act imposed, the of authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in flontrs*for* execution the acts relative to the present duties on hoitfes and taxes, Scc. windows or lights, and inhabited hotifes, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be of for executing this present act -with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and singular the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, respectively appointed to put in execution the said several acts before mentioned, cr any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said former acts, or any of them \ and the said of and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the execution of the said several acts before mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the aforesaid rates or duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said former acts relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be the several rates or duties before-mentioned, shall and may be so^er*duties respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid on i^)rfes< over, and accounted for, at such times and under such penalties, and the acts forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, relating to methods, and directions, and subject to such provisoes and extend tothU* emptions by which the former rates and duties on horses were or a(c^ might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the said former rates and duties on horses, or any of them, now in force for the surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former aCis granted, as far as the same are applicable to the rates or duties by this act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this act,

shall be in full force, and duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several rates and duties by this a Cl granted, as fully, and effectually to all intents

and

6o6

24 Geo. 3. c. 31.

29. Geo. 3. c 49. and this act not to extend to charge any non-commissioned officers and privates of yeoman cavalry, for keeping one horfr, &c.

Commanding officers of such yeomen cavalry, to make out a certificate annually before April 20, of what non-commissioned officers and privates have attended exercise the preceding six weeks, to be delivered to the surveyor loathe district.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16. [1795.

and purposes as if the same powers* authorities, rules, directions* penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horses, mares, and geldings, kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of dra ving any carriage, therein mentioned, or in this add, or any of them, shall extend, or be conflruea to extend, to charge with the duties by the said several ac>s, or any of them, imposed, any non-commissioned officer or effective private man, serving in any regiment, corps, or troop, of yeomanry cavalry, raised by virtue of an act of the thirty-fourth year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled An act for encouraging and discipUnitig such corps or companies of men, asshall voluntarily enroll them]elves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coajls, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, for one horle, mare, or gelding, kept and used by them jrespectively for the purposes aforesaid, or either of them; but that every such non-commissioned officer and effective private man respectively, keeping one such horse, mare, or gelding only, shall be wholly exempt from the said duties during his continuance in the said service; and that every such non-commissioned officer and private man respectively, keeping more than one such horse, mare, or gelding, shall, during his continuance in such service, be affieffied and charged according to the rates in the said several adds and this act prescribed, for one horse, mare, or gelding, Id's than the number of horses, mares, or geldings, by him kept and used as aforesaid; any thing therein respectively contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in order to exempt the non-commissioned officers and private men, serving in such regiments, corps, or troops, every commanding officer of any such regiment, corps, or troop, shall annually, before the twentieth day of April in each year, during the continuance of the; said act of the thirty-fourth year aforesaid, make out his certificate of all non-commissioned officers and effective private men, containing their respective names and places of abode, who shall, for the space of six weeks immediately preceding the date of such certificate, have pundlually attended at all such places as shall have been agreed upon for the exercise of such regiment, corps, or troop; and that such certificate, signed by such commanding officer, shall be delivered to the surveyor of the said duties acting for the district where such regiment, corps, or troop shall serve, with an affidavit annexed thereto, verifying the iignature of the said commanding officer; and provided also, that every such non-commissioned officer and private man, claiming to be exempted as aforesaid, shall be inserted and deferred in the said certificate of such commanding officer, as an effedbive man in adbual service as aforesaid.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. 7

VI. And be it further enacted, That no person occupying Persons tent-a farm, the rent of which shall be less than seventy pounds a year, per

and making a livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with or occu-any of the duties by this act imposed for or on account of any pying their horse, mare, or gelding, being occasionally used in riding, and own etfau-s^that no person occupying his own estate solely, or his own estate together with a farm, the value of which, in the whole, shall be t'herunder 70?. less than equivalent to a farm of the rent of seventy pounds a p?r inn not year, (reckoning the value of every such ellate occupied by the liable to duty owner thereof as equivalent to double the like amount of the rent ^', ]} ofanyrented farm,) and making a livelihood solely by such ellate, for or by such estate and farm jointly, shall be chargeable with any riding, of the duties imposed, either by this act, or by the said several acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth of his present Majesty, for or on account of any horse, mare, or gelding, being occasionally used in riding, provided in every such case respectively, that such horse, mare, or gelding, be bona fide kept and usually employed for the purposes of husbandry; any rhing in the said recited acts, or in this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authori ty aforesaid, That Duties to be all monies arising by the said rates and duties before-mentioned,

(the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same func^ excepted,) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties to be monies arising, or to arise of the several duties before-mentioned,

or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an inavafed " addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the chargeocca-increased charge occasioned by any loan, by virtue of any a cl or fioned by any acts passed, or to be passed in this session of parliament, and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, years, with be paid into the hid receipt, distinctly and apart from all other other duties branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be pro- granted for vided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all ept*iep <r ire the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said from all other receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other monies, rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVII.

An act for repealing the duties on licences to per fins using or excercifing the business of an horse dealer, and granting new duties in lieu thereof

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. [1795.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the duties imposed, by an act of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, on persons using and exercising the trade and business cf an horse dealer, and who shall take out a licence to use and exercise the trade mid business of an horse dealer, and to grant new duties in lieu thereof \ we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, as well for the purpose aforesaid as towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making stich permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose, in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and Present duties the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, horseerfealrs an^ cornrnons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the tocrease - authority of the same, That the several duties on persons using and exercising the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who ill all take out a licence to use and exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer, imposed by an abl of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall, from and after the passing of this act, cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears, which may remain unpaid, of the said duties on licences hereby repealed, and to the accounting for the same; and save and except all licences granted and in force at and immediately before the passing of this act; and that, from and after the passing of this act, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said abl, in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collebling, recovering,

levying, and paying, the said duties on licences, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall cease and determine, save and except any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the pasting of this act.

Horse dealers

II. And be it further enacted, That every person using and exercising the trade or business of an horse dealer within the city annual licence London, or the city or liberties of Westminster, the weekly duty of 20l. bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone or Saint and without Pancras in the county of Middlesex, or the borough of Southwark j-ouuon, vcc. in the county of Surrey, and who shall take out a licence to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of twenty pounds; and that every person using and exercising the said trade or business of an horfq dealer without the city of London, the city and liberties of Westminster> the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint

Mary*

[Preamble.]

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. 609

Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras in the county of Middlessex, and the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, and who shall take out a licence to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall yield and pay annually to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds.

III. And, for the belter and more effectually rafsing, levying, Duties to be collecting, and paying, the said duties hereby granted on licences, unc^er ^ie be it enacted, That the same shall be under the government, care, the com and management, of the commissioners for the time being ap- missioners for pointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parch- stamps. ment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or stamps as they shall think fit, to denote the duties, and to repair, renew, and alter the same, from time to time, as they shall see occasion, and to do all other matters and things necessary to be done for pu tting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Two commis-passing of this act, any two or more of his Majesty's commis- fionersmay iioners appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped |!^nt licences> vellum, parchment, or paper, or some: person duly authorised by them, or any three or more of them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall use and exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer, in any city, town, or other place, within Great Britain, to use and exercise the same within such city, town, or place, for any space of time as herein-afrer mentioned, not exceeding one year; and every such licence shall cease and deter- Period of mine on the twenty-ninth day of September in the year for which licences, the same shall be issued; and every such licence taken out for the year in which the same shall be issued shall be in force until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September then next following, and shall commence from the date thereof; and every such licence taken out for any year subsequent to the year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the twenty-ninth day of September then next ensuing, and continue in force until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September in the succeeding year; and that every such person shall take out a fresh licence Licences to for another year, ten days at least before the expiration of that^aysVbefore year for which he shall have been licensed, if he shall continue to expiration, use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer; and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due on such licence, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. [1795.

V. And be it further enacted, That per Tons carrying on their trade and business of an horse dealer in partnership, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence, in any one year, for carrying on such trade or business; and that no one licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this act, fllall authorise or empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to keep any horse or horses for sale in any other city, town, or place, than the city, town, or place, which shall be mentioned in such licence.

The words

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person exer-lieenfed, ^&c. cifing the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who shall phaces^lieenfed ^ave t l^cen out a licence for that purpose, shall cause the words for sale of Licensed to deal in Horses, to be painted or written in large and legible charablers, either on a sign hung out, or on some visible

6lO

One licence sufficient for partners.

Licence to be confined to the place mentioned therein.

horses, on penalty of lol.

Persons dealing in horses after Jan. i, 1796, not having a

place in the front of his or their house, gateway, or {tables, at the respective places at which he or they keep such horses for sale, to denote that such person is a dealer in horses, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to fell any horse, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every licensed horse dealer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by action of debt or information, in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster for offences committed in England, and for offences committed in Scotland, in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh; to be paid, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every person using or excerfing the trade or business of an horse dealer, (not having a licence to use or exercise the said trade and business under the abl of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, and licence now in in force,) who shall, after the firffc day of January one thousand torce, without seven hundred and ninety-six, carry on the said trade and bufi-agreeable to ne& an horse dealer, without having obtained a licence for this act, liable that purpose under the directions of this act, shall be liable to be to the duties assessed to all and every the duties imposed by the a his of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, and by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament, on horses used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage, in the said abls or any of them mentioned, for the greatest number of horses, mares, and geldings, kept by such dealer in horses at 2ny one time within the year, for which a lid is directed by the said several abls, or this act, to be delivered, in such manner and under such rules and regulations as the said last mentioned duties are therein, or by any other act or acts of parliament, directed to be, assessed; and that all penalties and forfeitures for not delivering lids of such horses, and all powers of correcting and amending such lids, and of surcharging the same, shall extend and be applied to all such dealers in horses, not being licensed as aforesaid, as amply and fully as to "any other person or persons whatever.

on riuing or

carriage

horses.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. 6rr

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the several powers, Powers of 29 rules, directions, and provisions, contained in the act of the

Geo. 3. c.

twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, in relation to to licences to licences granted to persons using and exercising the trade and deal in horses, business of an horse dealer, shall continue and be in full force in to extend to relation to licences to be granted to persons using and exercising this act: the said trade and business under or by virtue of this act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enabled in this ach

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising from the said duties herein-before granted ^iver^eneraf on licences, and all arrears of the rates and duties hereby repealed, of (lamps, and shall, from and after the passing of this act, be paid from time to by him into time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the exclie- the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall ^uer* pay the same (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted) into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as the other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid, and the same shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund; and that, from and after the passing of this jet act, out of the monies that shall be paid into the said receipt cf apart^or io^ the said duties on licences hereby imposed, and arrears of duties years, and the hereby repealed, one moiety of the duties hereby repealed shall other moiety quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the f be applied fifth day of July> and the tenth day of October, in every year, ^y Legaled during the period of ten years, be set apart from the other moiety charge occa-of the said monies; and that, after setting apart at the end of honed by any each such quarter, one moiety of the said monies arising or to arise of the said duties by this act imposed, the other moiety, or l ion>

so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made by virtue of any ad or abb to be passed in this session of parliament; and that the said last mentioned moiety of the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, at the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said last mentioned moiety of the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any account whatever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any ablion or suit shall Limitations of be brought against any person or persons for any thing done in actions, pursuance of this act, such ablion or suit shall be commenced

within six months next after the fabt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause

in relation

6-1 z Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 18. [1795.

of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, may plead the general General issue. iQue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff" Treble costs. Gr plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs bylaw.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous of making provision for raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament; and being of opinion that it is expedient, under the present circumstances, that the drawbacks and bounties, now payable by law on the exportation of sugar, should be reduced: do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Part of present authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth day drawbacks on Of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the fugaTt^cease drawbacks now allowed by law on the exportation from Great from certain Britain of any sugar, in the same state in which it was imported periods. from foreign parts, four Shillings for each and every hundred

weight of such fugat shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof: That, from and after the thirty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, of the drawbacks or bounties, how allowed by law on the exportation from Great Britain of any refined sugar called Bastards, or any ground or powdered sugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, or sugar called Candy, four shillings for each and every hundred weight of such sugar shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof: and that, from and after the said thirty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, of the drawbacks or bounties, now allowed by law on the exportation from Great Britain of any other refined sugar, seven shillings for each and every hundred weight of sugar shall cease, determine.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 18.

mine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or ex-

613

porters thereof: provided always, That nothing herein contained Ad not to shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to reduce the drawback pXtei!^xtO0r|. now allowed by law on sugar exported to Ireland, in the same cf{0 Ireland date in which it was imported into Great Britain from foreign in thestateit parts. was imported

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa fling ^9reat of this act, out of the monies arising from the rates and duties^lt Qp*the upon sugar imported into Great Britain, the sum of two hundred duties on and eighty thousand and twenty-nine pounds eighteen shillings sugar a sum and eight'pence halfpenny, being one fourth part of the sum of to be set apart*one million one hundred and twenty thousand one hundred and and

nineteen pounds fourteen shillings and ten-pence, the annual the remainder average produce for three years, ending the fifth day of January with other one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the said rates and duties granted duties upon sugar, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of January, for Payjngany the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of cha^ge^cca-October, in every year, during the period of ten years, be set honed by any apart from the remainder of the monies arising from the said rates loan of this and duties; and that the said remainder of the said rates and-duties f ate^ from shall, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt ot\ier monies, of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that the said remainder of the said rates and duties so paid into the said receipt, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by the loan to be made by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When re ductile reduction of drawbacks and bounties, directed by this act tion of draw-to be made upon the exportation from Great Britain of any sugar hackfhadtake of the several descriptions herein mentioned, shall apply, take " effect, and be put in execution, on all such sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any ship in Great Britain at any time after the twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the thirty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, respectively.

CAP. XIX.

An act for determining the present allowances for waste on salt carried oaf wife, and for reducing the respelHve times of payment of tin duties on salt.

[December 24, 1795.]

[Preamble,

From Jan. 5,

1796, the allowances for waste of white or rock salt carried coast wife to cease.

Duties on white and rock salt, and on foreign salt imported, to be paid as herein specified.

Out of the salt duties a sum to be let apart quarterly for 10 years, and, with other duties granted for paying any increased charge occasioned by any Joan of this

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 19. [1795.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful, and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afibmbled, being desirous of raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and of making such permanent additon to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any act for acts for that pc'pose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved, that certain allowances now made for wade on white and rock salt carried coastwise, from one port of England or Wales, or the port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any port of England or IEales, or Berwick upon Tweed, dial I cease and determine; and also that the respective times now allowed by law for the payment of the duties on salt, be {educed, whereby a considerable saving will be made in your Majesty's revenue on salt; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the allowances now made, or directed to be made, by law for wade, to persons who shall ship any white salt or rock salt to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, shall cease and determine; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers, rules, and directions, for making, ascertaining, and paying, such allowances contained in any adc or acts of parliament, shall also cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by the former laws relating to the duties on salt, the time for payment of the duties on white salt is appointed to be nine months, there shall be allowed three months and no more; and where the time for the payment of the duties 0: 1 rock salt is appointed to be twelve months, there shall be allowed four months and no more; and where the time for payment of the duties on foreign salt imported, is appointed to be six months, there shall be allowed two months and no more; and that the securities and discount for prompt payment, after the said fifth day o{January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be regulated accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the monies arising by the duties on salt, after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the sum cf eight thousand pounds* being one fourth part of the sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, the annual average produce upon an account taken for' three years, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the monies paid on account of allowances for waste, and of the difference between the difcqunt heretofore allowed, by reason of the length of time given for payment thereof and that which is provided by this act, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of Janaury, the fifth day of Apri!y the fifth day of

July

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 20. 615

July and the tenth day of October, in every year, during the period session, kept often years next ensuing, be set apart from the remainder of the separate from laid monies, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, 01 er m0I1K& distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said quarterlyTurns directed to be set apart from the said duties, and.paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying fuqJ'j increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any account whatever.

CAP. XX.

An act to continue, for a further limited tune, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty; and to prohibit the disi illation of low wines or spirits from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes.

[December 24, 1795.]

WHEREAS the act hereiti-after mentioned has by experience preamble.

been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring: and whereas it is expedient to prevent the dif illation of spirits from 'melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar, and also from potatoes: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to 35 Geo. 3. c. prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from I.19-COTlt:, nue^ wheat, barky, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal^ihFeb. x> flour, or bran \ and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the eighteenth day of December one thou- From pec. 1$, sand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain land/and Dec. called England, and from and after the twenty-second day of aa, in Scot-December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part land, the

of Great Britain called Scotland, all and fineular the fines, penal- Pr'Tihonls of r. 5.v., before-xnen-

ties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained, provided, tioned act to

R R 4 settled, extend to difi

616 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 20. [1795.

tilling from settled, or established, in or by the said act made in the last fef-thts^kin^dom ^ion Parliament, to prohibit the distillation of low wines or sugar, or po- spirits from wheat, barley, malt, corn, grain, meal, flour, bran, tatocs. or any mixture therewith respectively, shall extend, and shall be

deemed and construed to extend, to the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or diddling, of low wines and spirits respectively, from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes-, or any mixture with the same respectively, and to all and every person and persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distd, low wines or spirits respectively from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar, or from potatoes, or any mixture with the same respectively; and that the said tines, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, shall be used, applied, practised, and put in execution, against the making, preparing, extracting, and distilling, of low wines and spirits respectively, from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar, or from potatoes, or any mixture with the same respectively, and to all and every person and persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, low wines or spirits from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes, or any mixture with the same respectively, as fully and amply as if the same had been expressly provided in and by the said act.

Act not to ex-

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That f^Vomwafh not^non l^s aft contained shall extend, or be deemed or con-brewed from strued to extend, to subject any entered distiller to the penalty of melasses, &c. five hundred pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distil-on or before }ing any ]ow wines or spirits from any wash openly brewed in his England and enterec* distillery from melasses of the manufacture, of this king- dom, or from sugar, or from potatoes, on or before the fourteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that part of Great Britain called England, or on cr before the twenty-second day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; any thing in the said recited act or in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That continuance of^any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, for sale or expor-this act, having tation, shall, after the eighteenth day of December one thousand in their pof- seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of ^laces'for^dif1 Fb'ruary cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in that filiation)more Part * Great Britain called England, and from and after the than a certain twenty-second day of December one thousand seven hundred and quantity of ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one thousand haloes ^ia- seven hundred and ninety-seven, in that part of Great Britain ble to penalty. cacted Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in the ctistody or possession of any person or persons in trust or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, more than ten pounds weight of such melasses, or more than twenty bushels of potatoes, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, (not being a place

or

Dec. 22, in Scotland,

Distillers,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 617

or places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping wort or wash, low wines or spirits), every such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits,

shall for every such offence respectively forfeit all such melasses and potatoes respectively, and also the sum of one hundred pounds for such melasses, and the sum of ten pounds for every bushel of potatoes.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to extend herein before contained shall extend to prohibit any distiller or to potatoes maker of low wines or spirits from having or keeping in his or her ^onfum t^on possession, any quantity of potatoes for the necessary consumption Of the family, of his or her family, or being of the growth of such distiller or or of the maker respectively, provided that notice shall be given to the growth of the officer of excise under whose survey such distiller or maker, shall noticebe^iven then be, of the place or places of growing such potatoes of the to the excise growth of such distiller or maker respectively, on or before the officer, thirtieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five in that part of Great Britain called England, and the fifth, day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On oath of

in case any' officer or officers of excise, or any other person or jn\h^t

persons, shall at any time or times have cause to suspeff that any rnore t}ian

such melasses exceeding the Paid quantity of ten pounds weight, allowed quan-

or any potatoes exceeding the said quantity of twenty bushels, shall tityof melartes

belaid or kept in any storehouse, warehouse, or other place or pr potatoes is

places, b ftonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, storehouse^Sec.

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in officers of ex-

every such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or cife and others

any other person or persons, before the commissioners of excise be^utho-. 7.. 1 0. ? .., rued to search,

for the time being respectively, or any two or more or them, or an(j may fej2C

before one or more justice or justices of the peace, residing near the surplus, the place where such officer or officers, or other person or per- and the person fons, shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and maybe lawful to and iiable to for the Grid of, or justice or justices of the peace penalty, respectively, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant, under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons, by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, or other place or places where he or they shall so suspect that any such me-lasses exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, or any potatoes exceeding the said quantity of twenty bushels as aforesaid, shall belaid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of lowy wines or spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such melasses exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, and such potatoes exceeding the said quantity of twenty bushels^ as he or they shall so fmd? together with all the

vessels,

61S Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 20. [1795.

vessels, sacks, bags, or other things wherein the same shall be contained; and such distilicr or di (tiliers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons in whose custody or possession such melasses exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, or such potatoes exceeding the said quantity of twenty bushels, as aforesaid, belonging to such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers shall be found, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of one hundred pounds for such melasses exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, and the sum often pounds for every bushel of such potatoes ex-broke^o'en^ceec^ng the said quantity of twenty bushels j and the said officer ro e open.^officers and other person or persons, is and are hereby empowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter into such storehouses, warehouses, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on demand.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Proof of me- That if any question shall arise, whether any melasses is really th^kffi^om anc* ^ona fi^e mela^'es of tnanufacture of this kingdom, (alto lie on the though such melasses should appear to have been entered or kept claimer. in the officer's books, as being of such fort), the proof of the fact

of such melasses being really and bona fide not melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such melasses, or on the distiller or maker of low wines or spirits sued or prosecuted in respect thereof; such proof to be by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, being skilful and experienced persons, competent to decide by examination thereof, and having a certain knowledge of the fai.

VIII. And whereas there may have been contracts made by or with distillers for British-made spirits from melajfies, for melasses or sugar or potatoes to be delivered and received at future times after the eighteenth day ^December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five;

deliver^S/r lt therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tifehsses  contracts or bargains so made by or with any such dif-

jsugar, orpota- tiller or distillers, for any such spirits, melasses, or sugar or potatoes, during toes, to be delivered at any time during the continuance of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void.

IX. And whereas by divers laws now in force, certain annual duties are imposed upon fills used for difilling spirits from melasses or sugar, in proportion to the contents of such fills: and whereas it is reasonable that an allowance should be made for such part of the usual

Commissioners season for difilling during which they may be prevented from working in confluence of this act; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make such allowances to the persons taking out such licences respectively, as shall appear to the said of, with the approbation of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, to be rea-

the continuance of this act, void.

of excise in Scotland to make an allowance of the duties on foils, for the time they ate prevented

working under sonable. this act. X. And be further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21. 619

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall Recovery and befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by Inch ways, means, aPPIlcvtion of or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, p

recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same,

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any part of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or p^l6d this 6 - acts to be made in this present session of parliament, l'efiion.

CAP. XXI.

An act for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British flips, or other flips the property of persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehouse for home consump-//W.

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement should be given for a limited time to the importation into this kingdom, of wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, and rye; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in the present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, for all wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, and rye, imported or brought into this kingdom in British ships or vessels, or in ships or vessels belonging to persons of any kingdom or hate in amity with his Majesty, however the same may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following bounties; (that is to say, )

Preamble-.

Bounties to be paid on importation, before Sept. 30, 1796, of wheat, &c. itt British vessels, or vessels belonging to hates in amity with his Majesty.

A bounty of twenty shillings per quarter on every quarter of Bounties on Wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty pounds a certain weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty of sixteen shillings per ^eat^and^ quarter on every quarter of wheat weighing not less than four wheat flour, hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty from Europe, of six shillings for every hundred weight avoirdupois of wheat fquth of Cape flour, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain^1^e> from any port of Europe louth of Cape Finisterre, or from any Mediterra-port in the Mediterranean, or in' Africa, before the thirtieth day nean, or of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until Africa, the quantity of such wheat and flour, taken together, shall amount unto four hundred thousand quarters, estimating two hundred weight and an half avoirdupois of wheat flour to be equal to one quarter of wheat:

A

Bounties on a certain quantity of wheat, &c. from any other part of Europe, out of his Majesty's dominions.

Bounties on a certain quantity ofwneat, $ce. from his Majesty's colonies in America, or the United

States.

Bounties on whea-, &c. exceeding the quantities before mentioned.

Bounties on a certain quantity of Indian corn and

meal;

and on those articles exceeding that quantity.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21. [1795.

A bounty of fifteen shillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty pounds weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty of twelve shillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois; and a bounty of four shillings and ilxpence for every hundred weight avoirdupois of wheat flour, which shall be imported into Great Britain from any other part of Europe^ not being a part of his Majesty's dominions, before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the quantity of such wheat and flour, taken together, shall amount unto five hundred thousand quarters, estimating two hundred weight and an half avoirdupois of wheat flour to be equal to one quarter of wheat:

A bounty of twenty shillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not dels than four hundred and forty pounds weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty of sixteen shillings quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty of six shillings for every hundred weight avoirdupois of wheat flour, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, or from the United States, before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the quantity of such wheat and flour, taken together, shall amount unto five hundred thousand quarters, estimating two hundred weight and an half avoirdupois of wheat flour to be equal to one quarter of wheat:

A bounty of ten shillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty pounds weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty of eight shillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four pounds, weight avoirdupoise; and a bounty of three shillings for every hundred weight avoirdupois of wheat flour, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of Septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, exceeding the quantities to which the before-mentioned bounties are limited:

A bounty of five shillings per quarter for every quarter of Indian corn; and a bounty of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred weight avoirdupois of Indian meal, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the quantity of such Indian corn and meal, taken together, shall amount unto five hundred thousand quarters, estimating three hundred weight and an half avoirdupois of Indian meal to be equal to one quarter of Indian corn; and a bounty of three Shillings per quarter for every quarter of Indian corn; and a bounty of one shilling for every hundred weight avoirdupois of Indian meal, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, exceeding the quantities to which the?

before-

before-mentioned bounties are limited, estimating three hundred weight and an half avoirdupois of Indian meal to be equal to one quarter of Indian corn:

A bounty of ten shillings per quarter for every quarter of rye, weighing not less than four hundred pounds weight avoirdupoise, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until the quantity of such rye shall amount unto one hundred thousand quarters; and a bounty of six shillings for every quarter of rye weighing not less than four hundred pounds weight avoirdupoise, which shall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, exceeding the quantity to which the before-mentioned bounty is limited.

Bounties on a Certain quantity of rye.

and exceeding that quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said bounties shall be Bounties to under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty's lindei customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid oHk^com-out of any monies in their hands, arising by any of the duties or missioners of revenues under their management respectively, to the respective customs. importers or consignees of such wheat, wheat dour, Indian corn,

Indian meal, and rye, respectively: provided always, That a due Entry to be entry shall be made with the proper officers of the customs, at made with the the port into which such articles shall be imported: and that the  !fer

n ' 1 rt- r 1 n r r 1.CU/tOmS Ht

collector or other proper officer or the customs of the port where the port of such wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, and rye, shall importation, be imported, do receive full and satisfactory proof that the said corn, flour, meal, and rye, for which the_bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely without mixture of any other the growth of any orher country than that in respect whereof the said bounty is claimed, and that in default thereof, the said bounties shall not, nor shall any of them, be allowed or paid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Importation bounties granted by this a<f shall be paid, allowed, or received, to ent|tle to unless the several articles in the a cl enumerated and described, be ^certain shall be imported or brought respectively into some one or other ports.

of his Majesty's ports; that is to say, the ports of London,

Aberystwyth, Beaumaris, Berwick, Boston, Bristol, Carlisle, Chester,

Chichester, Colchester, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter Falmouth,

Harwich, Hull, Ipswich, Lancaster, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden,

Milford, Newcastle, Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, P'ort[mouth,

Preston, Rochester, Sandwich, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland,

Szuansea, Wells, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wisbech, Yarmouth, Aberdeen, Air, Alloa, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Dundee, Glasgow, including Port Glasgow, Greenock, Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright,

Leith, Lerwick, Montrose, and Wigton.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Articles im-That, before any of the said articles, imported or brought into ported to be this kingdom for bounty under the regulations of this act, shall be delivered out of the charge of the proper officer or officers andtwoftdlful

of persons, who are to certify whether they are of due weight and merchantable,

Recompence to the inspectors.

Commissioners of customs may pay bounties on articles imported before 0&. 15, 1796, on proof of the vessels

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21. [1795.

of the customs of the port where the lame shall be respectively so imported or brought, such articles respectively shall be carefully and attentively inspected and examined by such officer or officers of the customs, as the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively shall think fit to direct for that duty, and two indifferent and disinterefied persons, experienced in the nature of the article to be so inspected and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested persons shall be chosen by the principal officers of the customs at such port, or any two of them, whereof the collector for the time being shall be one; which said officer or officers of the customs so directed by the said of of the customs respectively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested persons so chosen as aforesaid to inspect and examine the said articles respectively, {half, upon having viewed the same, certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths, first administered by the said principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the collector shall be one, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same,) whether the said articles respectively are or are not of the weight required by this act, and are or are not merchantable and fit for making bread; and if the same shall appear by such certificate to be of the weight so required, and to be merchantable and fit for making bread, the bounties respectively granted by this act shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the same shall appear by such certificate not to be of the weight required by this act, or not to be merchantable or fit for making bread, no bounty, granted by this act, shall be paid or allowed thereupon.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said indifferent and disinterested persons, fochosen by the said principal officers to inspect and examine the said goods, shall from time to time be paid by an order of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management respectively, the following sums by way of recompence or reward for their trouble on such inspection, examination, and certification; that is to say, the sum of one penny per quarter for all wheat, Indian corn, or rye, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and the sum of one penny per barrel of all wheat flour, or Indian meal, inspected and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said articles herein enumerated and described shall be imported or brought from any of the ports or places herein mentioned into any of the respective ports herein also enumerated, subsequent to the time limited by this act, but before the fifteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it shall and may be lawful for the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21. 623

of of his Majesty's customs fn England and Scotland having failed respectively, to order the bounty or bounties respectively to be ^u^times paid thereon in like manner as if the said articles had been im- in the

ported within the time limited by this act; provided proof shall ordinary be made, to the satisfaction of the said of respectively, course of their that the ships or vessels on board of which respectively such have

articles shall be so imported or brought, actually and bona fide set Sept*" 50/ fail from such respective ports or places for Great Britain, at such time that they might in the ordinary course of their voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the said thirtieth day of September; and proof shall also be given, and entry shall be made, and the goods inspected and examined, and certified in like manner as is directed and required by this act, to authorise the payment of bounty 'on the said articles imported within the time limited by this act.

VII. And whereas it may happen that vessels, before the passing of this act, may have arrived at different ports of this kingdom, having on board articles of the several descriptions herein mentioned, or of fiome one or other of them, intended for exportation: and whereas in order to induce the owner orowners, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of such goods, to e?iter them for confutation in this kingdom, it is expedient to extend the bounties granted by this act to such articles: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bounties respectively granted by Bounties to this act shall extend to all such articles, although imported or extend to ar-brought into this kingdom before the passing of this act, provided each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and re- puffing this flriftions, of this act are in all other respects duly complied act. with.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ship or vessel has arrived or shall arrive at any port Vessels arriv-in Great Britain, where, according to the regulations of this act, ingatanv port the bounty is not allowed, the said ship or vessel shall and may allowed lawfully depart from such port without molestation or hindrance, mav fajj to with the several articles on board, and may carry the same to any where it is. other port of Great Britain at which the same may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land and deliver the same; subject nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this act,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On foreign on all foreign corn and flour which shall have been secured in corn and warehouses in Great Britain, according to law, before the passing fouled*'before of this act, and which shall be delivered from thence within the passing of three calendar months after the passing of this act, to be used this act, and consumed in this kingdom, there shall be paid and allowed delivered out to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or con- ^on|hs signee or consignees thereof, a bounty or bounties respectively, honi con-not exceeding three-fifth parts of the bounties granted by this act fumption, a respectively on corn and flour imported from the Mediterranean, bounty to be under the authority of this act; provided that all and each and Pai*every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions, imposed

---

624 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 22. [1795.

and required by this act, so far as the same are applicable to and can be put in execution, shall be complied with in respect of all such corn and flour as shall be so respectively delivered out of such warehouses, to be used or consumed in this kingdom.

[and if warehoused at a port where no bounty is allowed, it may be carried where it is.]

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any foreign corn or flour shall, before the passing of this act, have been secured in any warehouse or warehouses according to law, at any port in Great Britain, where, according to the regulations of this act, the bounty is not allowed, all such foreign corn or flour shall and may be legally carried coastwise from such port, without molestation or hindrance, to any other port of Great Britain at which the same may be entered for the bounty, and there the same may be entered, landed, and delivered, subject nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this act.

[Continuance of act;]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the fifteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[which may be altered or repealed this session.]

XII. Provided always, That any part of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An act to permit bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread.

[December 24, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to diminish the consumption of wheat, that bakers should be permitted to make and sell, in all places, various kinds of mixed breads and such kinds of wheaten bread as they cannot now sell in places where an assize is set: and whereas it is not expedient to apply to such sorts of bread the restrictions contained in the tables of the assize and price of bread, now by law established: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Loaves maybe made of wheat, deducting only 5lb, of bran per bushel, or mixed with any grain or potatoes, and sold at such prices as shall be deemed reasonable.]

That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, in any place whatsoever, and whether any assize of bread shall be set in such place or not, to make, sell, and expose to sale, peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loaves, and half quartern loaves, made of the whole produce of the wheat, deducting only five pound weight of bran per bushel, or made of any sort of wheaten flour, mixed with meal or flour of barley, rye, oats, buckwheat, Indian corn, pease, beans, rice, or any other kind of grain whatsoever, or with potatoes, in such proportions, and at such prices for the said loaves respectively, as the maker and seller thereof shall deem proper and reasonable; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 22. 625

[Mixed bread to be marked, to destinguish sorts, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person or persons who shall make, sell, or expose to sale, any loaves of mixed bread as aforesaid, shall cause to be fairly imprinted on every loaf of each respective sort of bread which he, she, or they shall make, sell, or expose to sale, a mark in large roman letters, denoting what are the sorts and proportions of such mixtures, or a large roman M, together with some mark distinguishing one sort of such bread from another; and shall also affix in some conspicuous part of his, her, or their shop, or in the window thereof, a paper, written in large and legible characters at length, specifying the sorts and proportions of the mixtures composing each sort of bread, and also the marks corresponding to each sort, and the respective prices thereof.

---

[If bread be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loaves, or deficient in half quartern loaves, shall be deficient in weight, according to ^rcfing to" the assize of loaves of such denominations respectively, pre- the assize preferred in anact, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his scribed by 31 late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the due ^tc* making of breads and to regulate the price and assize thereof and to marked, or punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread; or if any have any mix-such mixed loaves shall not be imprinted with marks pursuant to ture not de-the directions of this act, and corresponding to the paper herein- Scc^the before required to be affixed, or if the same shall have any mix- offender liable ture of meal or flour of any other fort, or in any other proportions to the penal-thereof than shall be denoted by such marks imprinted thereon, or tiesofthata.ft, any mixture or article as for or in lieu of flour which shall not really be the genuine flour or article the same shall import to be, or if the same shall have in them any allum, or preparation or mixture in which allum shall be an ingredient, or if any other mixture or ingredient whatsoever (except only the genuine meal or flour or article of which the same purports to be made, and common salt, pure water, eggs, milk, yeafl, and barm, or such other leaven as shall at any timebe allowed to be put into bread by the court, or person or persons who shall have set an assize of bread for the place where such leaven shall be used; and where no such assize shall be set, then such other leaven as any magistrate or magistrates, within his or their jurisdiction, shall allow to be used in making of bread), shall be put into or in any wise used in making the dough whereof, or as or for leaven to ferment any such dough, or on any other account, under any colour or pretence whatsoever; every person offending therein shall be liable to the same penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as is provided in the said act, in the case of any of the aforesaid offences being committed against the several and respective provisions in that behalf made in the said ah

[This act may be altered or repealed this session.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this act, or any part of the same, during the present session of parliament.

626 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 23. [1795.

---

[Act not to affect the rights of London, or the company of bakers.]

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall in any ways affect or infringe upon the rights and privileges of the city of London, or of the worshipful company of bakers of the said city.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to amend so much of an act, made In the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, as prevents the distributing occasional relief to poor persons in their own houses, under certain circumstances and in certain cases.

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

[Preamble. 9 Geo. 1. c. 7.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, it is (among other things) enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, in any parish, town,

---

townfinp, or place, with the consent of the major part of the parishioners or inhabitants thereof in vefry or other perrish or publick meeting for that purpose afisembled, [, or of so many of them as shall be so assembled, upon usual notice thereof first given, to purchase or hire any house or houses in the same par if, township, or place, and to contra ft with any person or persons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any or all such poor, in their respective parishes, townships, or places, as shall desire to receive relief or colie ftion from the same parish, and there to keep, maintain, and employ, all such persons, and take the benefit of the work, labour, and service, of any such poor person or persons, who shall be kept and maintained in any such house or houses, for the maintenance and relief of such poor person or persons who shall be there kept and maintained; and in case any poor person or persons of any parish, town, township, or place, when such house or houses shall be so purchased or hired, shall refuse to be lodged, kept, or maintainedin such house or houses, such poor person or persons so refusing shall be put out of the book or books where the names of the persons who ought to receive collection in the said parish, town, township, or place, are to be registered, and J.hall not be entitled to ask or receive collection or relief from the churchwardens and overseers of the same parish, town, or township: and whereas the said provifwn contained in the act above mentioned has been found to have been and to be inconvenient and oppressive, inasmuch as it often prevents an industrious poor person from receiving such occasional relief as is be ft suited to the peculiar case of such poor person, and inasmuch as in certain cases it holds out conditions of relief injurious to the comfort and domejlic situation and happiness of such poor persons: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-Overseers nions, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority with the ap- the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall probation of and may be lawful for the"overseer or overseers of any parish,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 627

town, township, or place, with the approbation of the parishioners, parishion-

or the majority of them, in vestry or other usual place of meeting ^ce^rnay

assembled, or with the approbation in writing of any of his Ma- relieve poor

jesty's justice or justices of the peace usually acting in and for the persons at

respective districts, to distribute and pay collection and relief to their own

any industrious poor person or persons, at his, her, or their homes, omes*

house or houses, under certain circumstances of temporary illness

or distress, and in certain cases respecting such poor person, or

his, her, or their family, or respecting the situation, health, or

condition, of any poor house or poor houses, in any parish, town,

township, or place, wherein a house or houses, shall have been

or shall be so hired, built* or purchased, and a contract made

with any person or persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing any or all poor persons who shall desire to receive collection or relief, although such poor person or persons shall refuse to be lodged, kept, and maintained, within such house or houses; any thing in the said act passed in the ninth year of his majesty King George the First to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That J^cesmay it shall and may be lawful for any his Majesty's 'justice or justices ^00^ person s of the peace for any county, city, town, or place, usually acting at their own in and for the district wherein the same shall be situated, at his or homes, their just and proper discretion, to direct and order collection and 'relief to any industrious poor person or persons, and he, she, or they shall be entitled to a(k and to receive such relief at his, her, or their homes, house or houses, in any parish, town, township, or place, notwithstanding any contract shall have been or shall be made with any person or persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any and all poor persons in a house or houses for such purpose hired or purchased, and the churchwarden or churchwardens, overseer or overseers, for such parish, town, township, or place, are required and directed to obey and perform such order for relief given by any justice or justices as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That the special cause, as herein-before Cause of mentioned, of ordering and directing collection or relief to any ^elieftcfbe0 poor person or persons at his, her, or their hemes, house or assigned on the houses, be assigned and written on each order for reliefgiven and order of the directed by any justice or justices as aforesaid; and provided always, justice, &c. that such order be given for, and do remain in force for a time not to exceed one month from the date of such order: provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for any two justices as aforesaid to make any further order for the same or like purpose, for any further time not exceeding one month from the date of such order, and so on from time to time, as the occasion shall require, such justice or justices first administering an oath as to the need and cause of such relief in each of the above cases, and thereon summoning the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, town, township, or place, to be charged with such relief, to shew cause why such poor person or persons should not receive such relief in manner as by law provided in cases where no contract

628 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii -III. c. 24  26. [1795.

for lodging, keeping, and maintaining the poor, shall as aforesaid have been made.

Act not to ex-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing wherehousesSn contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or

of industry are ta^eri to extend, to authorise, empower, or enable, any overprovided seer or overseers, or any justice or justices of the peace as afore -under % % Geo. said, to direct or order to distribute and pay, or to be distributed under a*nr anc* ^ny co^e<^on or relief to any poor person or persons,

ij^cial^aft. at her> or t^e*r homes, house or houses, as aforesaid, in any parish, town, township, or place, in or for which any house of industry, or other place for the reception and provision of the poor thereof, hath been already erected or provided, or shall hereafter be erected or provided, by and under the authority or directions of an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor^ or under the authority or directions of any special act of parliament or law already pasted for such parish, town, township, or place, and now in force for that purpose; but that in every such case all such last mentioned poor person or persons shall be provided for and relieved in such and the same manner as before the making and passing of this act.

Publick act.' V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act: and shall be judiciously taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment '*of the army and their quarters.

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Number of forces 49,219, including 4,502 invalids.

CAP. XXV.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several cuts, and other works, authorised to be made and done by them, by virtue of several acts of of parliament.

[Dec. 24, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

The company of proprietors may subscribe a further sum of two hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds by half fiiares of fifty pounds each. Calls for money not to exceed six pounds and five shillings on each half fiiare, and not oftener than once in three months. Power to raise the money by mortgage or annuities. Additional rates of tonnage. For all lime, lime-stone, ironstone, flint, and other (tones, and bricks, tiles, (lates, and coal, and manure, one farthing per ton, per mile. And for all other goods, merchandize, &c. one halfpenny per ton, per mile. Conveyance by lords of manors of land taken from commons sufficient. Manner of charging the company to parish rates. Five of to make a quorum. Materials not to be taken or worked on the lands of sir John Filmer without his content. Purchase money for the land forming the refer voir on Aldenham common ascertained, &c.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the Royal Exchange Assurance of houses and goods fi*9m fire.*

[March 7, 1796.]

Charter

[Publick act.]

Charter of Geo. i, recited. The corporation empowered to make assurances within any part of his Majesty's dominions, or elsewhere. If any action be brought against the corporation, they may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the London Assurance of houses and goods from fire.

[March 7, 1796.]

[Publick act.]

Charter of 7 Geo. 1. ' recited. The corporation empowered to make aflii-ranees within any part of his Majesty's dominions, or elsewhere. If any action be brought against the corporation they may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

[March 7, 1796.]

CAP. XXIX.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[March 7, 1796.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1797, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session, concerning loans, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before April 6, 1797. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1797, to be charged to the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act j an act 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[March 7, 1796.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1797, in manner as by the malt ad of this session is prescribed, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before April 6, 1797. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money foraised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1797, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 and 6 Gul. & Maris notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[March 7, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious com

s 8 3 side ration

co

sideration your Majesty's most gracious message, signifying your Majesty's deiire to be enabled by your faithful commons, to defray any extraordinary expences which, may be incurred for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for that purpose.  His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received or exchequer bills to be made out for 3, 500, 0001* any time before January 5, 1797, agreeable to 36 Geo. 3. c. 1. Powers of '36 Geo. 3. c. 1. to extend to this act. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next ieilion, and if not granted before July 5, 1797, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India isands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[Mar. 7, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

13 Car. 3. c. izl

WHEREAS by an, aft, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, and by other acts of parliament novo in jorce, no goods or commodities whatsoever can be imported into, or exported out of any lands, isands, plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belonging, or in his pofeffton, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the possessim of, his Rdajefy, his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, in any other ship or ftnps, vessel or vefcls whatsoever, but in such sups or vessels as do truly and without fraud belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of the 'territories thereof in the manner, and under the penalties, and subject to the exceptions and regulations, in the said acts respectively contained: but whereas notwithstanding the said aids, certain of his Majestfs governors or lieutenant governors of the ifands in the West Indies, or persons aiding as such, have found themselves under the necessty of opening, with the advice of their respective councils, the ports of the said ifands for a limited time, for the importation of certain articles of provisons and lumber, for the fapply of the said isands, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner for the exportation of certain articles, the produce of the said isands, in return for the same: and whereas the if and of Tobago and certain parts of the if and of Saint Domingo have been fur rendered to his Majesty, and are now in his Majesty's po(pfjion\ at the time of which surrender it was fipulaied and agreed, that the importation oj provisons, cattle, grain, and wood, of various kinds, from the United States of America, and from other parts of America end the W eft Indies, and the exportation of certain articles, therein enumerated, being the produce of the said isands, should be allowed for a limited time in the foreign bottoms and vessels therein 'defer ibed: end whereas such importation and exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said alls of parliament; but being permitted either from the necessty of the occasion, or by virtue of the articles of capitulation

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32. 631

in consequence of whith the said if and of Tobago and certain parts of the said if and of Saint Domingo were fosurrendered to his Majesty, and put into his Majesty's possession, the same ought to he justified by an aid of parliament> and all persons ijsung, advising, or aiding under or in obedience to any order or permission of any of the said governors or lieutenant governors of the said isands, or persons aiding as suchy and all persons concerned in any importation or exportation as aforesaid, should be respectively Justified: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions and suit?, indidi-Suits for ments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings having issued whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or Exportation commenced again# any person or persons, for having issued or or importa-advised any such order or permission, at any time after the fifth tion of proday of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety*five, and vihons, &c. before the passing of this act, or for any act done by reason of [stands^n^he any such order or permission, or relating to any such exportation indies in or importation, in consequence of such order or permission, be, foreign bot-are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this act; toms, since and that if any aHon or suit shall be prosecuted, or commenced ^ade5voiCd^5, again# any person or persons, for or by reason of any such act,

matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, he, she, or they may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any action or suit so to be prosecuted or commenced, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the said West India islands, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy as in cases where the costs by law are given to the defendants, and if any such action or suit, as aforesaid, shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such addon or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of suit, in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Defendants any action or suit hath been already commenced against any may apply to person or persons for any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, f^iE^iEons^ commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, it shall^e(^and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders, in such action or suit respectively, in whatever court in Great Britain, and in the said West India islands, such action or suit shall have been canmeneed, to apply to such court or courts respectively, by motion in a summary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall allow and award to the

632 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 33  36.

[1795/6*.

defendants or defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy, as in cases where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders,

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for extending the term of the tax on lands, and tolls on goods, wares* and merchandizes, granted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining, or near to the said levels; as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to sea by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county: and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn 5 and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

[March 7, 1796.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to raise a certain sum of money for discharging some r arrears of interest, and other debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said navigation.

[March 7, 1796 ]

2-3 and 31 Geo. 3. recited. Company empowered to raise 65, 000l. Subscribers of iool. allowed to subscribe 37l. 10s. now due to them for interest upon every share. After January 5, 1796, all interest on calls in respect of the original shares to cease.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to enable the trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the same; to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said act.

[March 7, 1796.]

Trustees empowered to raise a further sum of six thousand pounds by falc of annuities.

CAP. xxxvi.

An act for encreafng the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

[March 7, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of pir- liament, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for: he Mutiny aft better payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates ire recited. established in that part of Great Britain called England, the don't-

nton of Wales, and the town ^Berwick upon Tweed, for the piy-ment of innholders and others on whom non-commissioned officers end private soldiers fire quartered and billetted, who shall be furnified with diet and small beer at their quarters; and an option is given to such innholders and others, to furnish certain articles gratis, in ieu of diet andfmall beer, at the rates prescribed: and whereas the ocia-[ton of marching and quartering of troops has increased, and nay'conthuii

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36. 633

continue, tf/zi rules prescribed for furnishing soldiers with neeeffa-

r/Vj /; ?ztf/zy instances, become^ from the high price of provisions,

inadequate, tf/zi are productive of distress to such innholders and

ethers: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every non-commissioned

Non-comif-

officer and private soldier who shall be furnished with diet and ^foldiersto

small beer within the aforesaid part of Great Britain, by the inn- allow iod. per

holders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers diem for diet

or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue ofand (maH

the said act, shall pay and allow for the same ten-pence diem\ ters*hi En31*

and that the accounts of the same shall be rendered, and payment jan(j.

thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said act now in force touching the former rates of sixpence per diem for the cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any innholders or and for arti-other persons on whom any non-commissioned officers or private ?lfcS which men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said option in the nhhed^ratiT* said act, furnish such non-commissioned officers or soldiers with in lieu thereof, the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and small 2d. per diem beer, at the rates prescribed by this act, such innholders or other to be allowed, persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been so

supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commissioned officer and soldier, instead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said act; which sum of two-pence per diem shall be accounted for and paichin like manner as is directed touching the rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the sum to be paid to Forhorfes the innholder or other person, on whom any of the horses be- quartered, longing to his said Majesty's forces shall be quartered by virtue diem to be^ of the said act, for hay and straw, shall be ten-pence halfpenny paid for hay per diem for each horse, instead of sixpence per diem as directed and straw. in the said act.

IV. And whereas the provisions contained in the said recited act, So much of with respect to the manner of dieting non-commissioned officers and recited act as soldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the

recruits by them raised, have been productive of much inconve- ^iet non-nience, as well to the troops as the innholders; be it further commissioned enacted, That so much of the said recited act as relates to the officers and manner of furnishing non-commissioned officers and soldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the recruits nitingre-" by them raised, with diet or other provision, be, and the same is peakd.5 hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned Regulation officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and with respect small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they commidson^ jmay be billetted* at the rates herein-before prescribed, while on officers and the soldiers on their march.

634 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36. [1795.

the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their final destination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either of the two subsequent days shall be a market day in and for the town or place where such officers or soldiers shall be billetted, or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day the supply of diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the articles in the said recited act specified, and at the rate hereinbefore prescribed.

When halted

VI. Provided always, That if any regiment, troop, company,

or detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for a li-

non-commissioned officers tmted or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non-com-and soldiers missioned officers and soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled

entitled to to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on whom

be^ra^ afterhey shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such time

arriving at only for which they would be entitled to receive the same

their deiti- after arriving at the place of their final deffination, according to

nation: this ach

and if such halting be only for a day after arrival, and that be a market day, their diet and small beer pot to be dif-coutinued.

Regulations rtfpeding recruiting parties and recruits on their march-

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on their march, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the marching orders, that it is not intended that such regiment, troop, company, or detachment, shall halt for any longer time than one intire day. after the day of their arrival at the place of halting, and the day after such arrival shall be such market day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the innholders or other persons on whom the non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue, on such market day, the supply of diet and small beer to any such officers or soldiers; but that all such officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from such innholders and other persons aforesaid, upon such market day as aforesaid, at the rates herein-before prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such day had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits by them raised, shall, while on the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any recruiting ffation, be entitled to the same benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march; but no recruit enlisted after the two days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting ffation, shall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prescribed, except at the option of the person on whom he shall be quartered: provided also nevertheless, that in case any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raised, shall remove from their ffation, and after a time shall return to the same place, they, and their recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 37  59* 635

tween the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight days,

IX. And it further enacted, That this a shall have con- Continuance tinuance from the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand seven fa* hundred and ninety-six, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for further continuing an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland and the islands adjacent.

[March 7, 1796.]  33 Geo. 3. c. 76. recited, and continued to June 10, 1797.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for rendering effectual an act of the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the places united therewith, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

[March 7, 1796.]

34 Geo. 3. c. 96, recited. Power to borrow 7, 000l. Resignation or removal of directors. Returning lifts for directors and supplying vacancies therein. Honorary directors. Altering the number of directors and days of meeting. Directors at meetings to- form boards. Special constables may be appointed. Removal of paupers, orders in bastardy,

Sec. Justices may act on complaint of directors, Sec, Directors, 8cc. may apprehend runaway poor. Official seal. Restriction as to the use of spirituous liquors in house of industry. Ten pounds penalty on officers embezzling goods, Sec. Officers to account. Compounding debts, Scc.

Preservation of poors' books, writings, &c. Enforcing a due application of charitable benefactions, &c. General money donations.

Exchange of poors' estates, Provisions of former act to extend to this,

Sixpences of the act how to be paid. Publickadt.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to amend an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain, called England.

[March 24, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preservation *jorecited; of the game in that part of Great Britain called England, whereby'1 J it is among other things enacted, that no person or persons, after the firs day of June one thousand seven hundred and fxly-two, fall, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, defroy, carry, fell. buy, or have in his, her, or their possession or use, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the firs day of September in any year, under the penalty by the said act laid and imposed: and whereas the f arching for, taking and killing of partridges Jo early in the year as the firs day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the corn then grozu-ing or uncuf or cut and not carried3 may it therefore please your Majesty

636

and so much as relates to killing partridges before Sept, i, repealed.

No partridge to lbe kilied, &c. between Ftb. la, and Sept. 14.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1795.

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the pasting of this act, so much of the said act as relates to the taking, killing, destroying, using, or having, any partridge before the first day of Septembet- in any year, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons shall, on any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their possession or use, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the fourteenth day of September in any year; and if any person or persons shall transgress this act in the case aforesaid, every such person shall be liable to the same penalty as by the said act is laid and imposed on any person or persons transgressing the same: such penalty to be imposed, inflicted, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such apd the same manner and under such and the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as in and by the said act is provided and directed, with respect to the penalty thereby imposed on persons transgressing the said act.

CAP. XL.

An act to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the encouragement of the (ilk. manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the* preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns, made of flax; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain $ to the allowing the Importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, 'whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores, to be consumed on board merchant ships in their voyages; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland, and the British plantations in America $ and to the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

[March 24, 1796.]

So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. as relates to the importation of wood and timber from America duty free, continued to Sep. 29, 1802. So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. as relates to the encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom, and to taking off several duties on merchandize exported, continued to June 24, 1802. 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. to prevent the

clandestine running of goods, &c. (except the clauses obliging all ships to perform quarantine) continued to Sep. 29, 1802. 5 Geo. 2. c. 24. except

such part as relates to importation and exportation of foreign coffee intq,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41  43- 637

and from, the British colonies in America, continued to June 24, 1802.

7 Geo. a. c. 18. for the free importation of cochineal and indigo, continued to Sep. 29, 1802. 29 Geo. a. c. 15. granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, See. continued to June 24,

1797. 4 Geo. 3. c. 19. for importing salt into Quebec, continued to June 24, 180a. 12 Geo. 3. c. 50. for encouraging the manufacture of leather,

continued for seven, years. 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, continued to June 24,

1797.]5 Geo. 3. c. 117. for allowing the importation of rape and other feeds for extracting oil, continued to June 24, 1797. So much of 19 Geo.

3. c. 22. as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, fiiipped as ft ores in merchant ships, continued to July 5, 1801. 5 Geo. 1. c. rr. against clandestine running of uncustomed goods, continued to Sep. 29,

1802. So much of 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. as relates to further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, &c. and for relief of officers in informations upon seizures, continued to Sep. 29, 1802. So much of9 Geo. 3. c. 39. as relates to the free importation of raw hides and skins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, continued to June 1, 1803. So much of 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. as imposes a duty on spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, continued to Dec. 1, 1802.

CAP. XLI.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

[March 24, 1796.]

CAP. XLII.

An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation to finish and complete the same; and for amending the act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

[March 24, 1796.]

Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 38, recited. The company may raise fifty thousand pounds more, by halfftiares of fifty pounds each. Calls for money not to exceed twenty pounds per cent, nor be made within a less distance of each other than three months. Proprietors of whole shares under disabilities, enabled to subscribe for half shares. Additional sum of thirty thousand pounds to be raised if necessary. Company to pay five pounds per cent, interest on calls. Seven of the committee to make a quorum. The proprietors in three months to become subscribers for half shares, or the company may dispose of them.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to enlarge the powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for the better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the highways, streets, and lanes, of, and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein, and for erecting a market house, and holding a publick market in the said vill/

[March 24, 1796.]

Commissioners empowered to borrow two thousand pounds. An additional duty of one shilling a chaldron or ton of coals brought into Ramsgate. Duty to be paid before any cocket or other discharge is made out. Commissioners may borrow any further 1'um not exceeding two thousand pounds, and money may be raised by annuities. Commissioners to raise and continue five hundred pounds on annuities to act as a sinking fund. Commissioners to reduce the duty of one shilling per chaldron on coal, &c. as soon as two thousand pounds and interest are paid off. When the whole

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 44  46. [1795.

of the debt is paid off, the majority of the inhabitants may continue the duty for ten years, or direct it to cease. For preventing nuisances in the town, and annoyances on the footways, and carriages not to be left in the street. Commissioners maycause the names of streets to be put up, and houses numbered. For recovery of market tolls.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to vary and alter the line of the canal, authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for making a navigable canal from the river Kennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath and also certain navigable cuts therein described; and to amend the said act; and also to make a certain navigable cut therein described.

[March 24, 1796.]

The company to make variations in the line of the canal at their own expence. No steam engine to be erected near the earl of Aikfbury's house that does not consume its own smoke. Where the right in shares pafles from one to another, otherwise than by transfer, an affidavit to be made and registered. No proprietor to vote until call paid. The principal clerk may appoint a deputy.

CAP. XLV.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty* first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the highways, streets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances and annoyances therein/

[March 24, 1796.]

Power to borrow two thousand pounds. Five of to make a quorum. An additional duty of sixpence a chaldron or ton of coals brought to Deal. When the money borrowed is paid off, the rates may be reduced.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for making a navigable canal from the river Exe, near the town of Topsham, in the county of Devon, to the river Tone, near the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for cleansing and making navigable a certain part of the said river Tone; and for making certain cuts from the Did canal.

[March 24, 1796.]

Company of proprietors incorporated by the name of e The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Western Canal/ Company may make inclined planes. For prefevving the streams now flowing to mills upon the rivers Tone and Clift, for securing to the mills the water of the Culm, and appointing of to ascertain means for supplying the canal with the surplus water. For conducting under the canal the feeders of the Culm and Exe. Fifty pounds penalty for pounding the waters of the Culm into any of the reservoirs. Company not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line of the canal. Width of canal and towing paths not to exceed thirty yards. If the company do not fence off towing paths and make bridges, land owners may do it at their expence. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. The company may make five hundred yards of the river Tone navigable. Commissioners for determining differences, but if the parties refuse to submit to their determination, a jury to assess damages. Proceedings of of shall be entered in a book. When determination of of, &c are recorded, lands to vest in proprietors. Compensation for tithes of lands used in the undertaking. Company may raise two hundred and twenty thousand pounds by shares of one hundred pounds each; and if that is not sufficient, one hundred and ten thousand pounds more may be raised. Interest at five pounds per cent, per annum to be paid on money raised,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 47  51.

until the canal is completed. First general assembly of proprietors to meet on Thursday three weeks after this act is patted. Appointment of officers. General assembly may audit and settle accounts. General meetings, or committees, may make calls. General assembly may remove committees, and make bye laws. Powers of committees. Power to compel payment of subscriptions. Directing the mode of felling shares. Company to admit land owners to shares. Rates of tonnage. For lime, limestone, and manure, one penny a ton, per mile. For lime and limestone, (except for manure) ircnstone, ironore, leadore, and all other ores, stones, tiles, flates, bricks, flagstones, clay, and sand, and materials for repairing roads, two-pence a ton, per mile. For rough timber, iron in pigs and bars, lead in pigs and sheets, tin in lumps and bars, charcoal, salt, cheese, corn, hay, and straw, three-pence a ton, per mile. For coals, culm, coak, and cinders, two-pence a ton, per mile. For wrought metals, oils, wines, liquors, groceries, earthen wares, and all other goods not before mentioned, four-pence a ton, per mile. Company may fix the price of carriage of small parcels. Rates, how to be recovered. Fifty feet of round, and forty feet of square oak, afh or elm timber, and fifty feet of fir or deal balk, poplar, beech or birch, not cut into scantlings, shall be deemed a ton weight. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Canal to be measured, and stones erected every mile. No coal carried upon the canal shall be landed at Topsham, or within fix miles of Exeter; and for charging a duty on coals carried through the navigable channel of of the Exe. For saving the petty customs and town dues of Exeter; and the rights of the corporation of Exeter in cranes and quays at Exeter and Topsham.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for making a navigable canal from or near Gain's Cross, in the parish of Shillington Okeford, in the county of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal, at or near Widbrookj in the county of Wilts, and also a certain navigable branch from the intended canal.

[March 24, 1796.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to vary and alter the line of a canal authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain railways and stone roads, from several collieries in the county of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon canal, in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts/ and to alter and amend the said act.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the highways, streets, and lanes, in the town of Folkestone, and liberty thereof, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuifanees and annoyances therein.

CAP. L.

An act for lighting and watching the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Wakefield, in the county of York, and for more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing obstructions, nuifanees, and annoyances therein.

CAP. LI.

An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Bee-cles, in the county of Suffolk.

[Preamble.]

10 Geo. 3. c. 38.

a* Geo. 3. c 58, and 39 Geo. 3. c. 5l*

Duties imposed by the before-mentioned acts, on receipts for legacies or residues of personal estates, on which new ones are hereby laid, to cease.

New duties.

CAP. XII.

An act for repealing certain duties on legacies and shares of personal estates, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cases.

[April 26, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that the duties mposed by divers acts of the twentieth, twenty-third, and twenty-ninth years of your Majesty's reign, on every skin or piece of vellum or parchment) or Sheet or piece of paper) upon which any receipt) or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other left amentary instrument, or for a?iy share or part of a personal estate) divided by force of the statute of disiribu-tions) or the cujfom of any province or place) should be ingrossed, printed, or written) should be repealed) as to such receipts or discharges for which new duties fall be granted by this act; and that new duties should be granted in lieu of the duties so repealed; and that the provisions made by the said several acts for collecting the duties thereby imposed) should be further enforced) as to the duties which shall not be repealed by this act: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, as well for the purposes aforesaid, as towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan made by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned: and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several duties by the said several acts imposed on all receipts and discharges for legacies given by any will or other testamentary instrument, and for shares or parts of refldue of personal estate upon which any duty shall be imposed by this act, shall, from and after the passing this act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and so much of the said several acts as relate to such duties so repealed, and the payment thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby also repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon every legacy, specifick_or pecuniary, or of any other description, of the amount or value of twenty pounds or more, given by any will or testamentary instrument of any person who shall die after the passing of this act, out of the personal estate of the person so dying, and also upon the clear refldue, and upon every part of the clear refldue of the personal estate of every person who shall so die, whether testate or intestate, and leave personal estate of the clear value of one hundred pounds or upwards, which shall remain after deducting debts, funeral expences, and other

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 641

charges, and specifick and pecuniary legacies, (if any,) whether the title to such residue, or to any part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any tettamentary disposition, or upon intettacy, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties, after the rates and in manner following; (that is to say,) where any such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or fitter of the deceased, or any descendant of a brother or fitter of the deceased, there shall be charged a duty of two pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of any such legacy, or residue or part of residue, and so after the same rate for any greater or less sum; where a, ny such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or litter of a father or mother of the deceased, or any descendant of a brother or fitter of a father or mother of the deceased, there shall be charged three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy, or residue or part of residue, and so after the same rate for any greater or less sum; and where any such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or fitter of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceased, or any descendant of a brother or fitter of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceased, there shall be charged a duty of four pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy, or residue or pare of residue, and so after _the same rate for any greater or less sum; and where any such legacy, or residue or part of residue of any such personal estate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of any person in any other degree of collateral confangui-nity to the deceased than is herein-before described, or any ttranger in blood to the deceased, there shall be charged a duty of six pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy, or residue or part of residue, and so after the same rate for any greater or less sum: provided always, That nothing herein Duties not to contained shall extend to charge with any duty any legacy, or to

any residue or part of residue, of any personal estate, which shall h^an'e^or be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of the husband or wife wives, or the of the deceased, or to or for the benefit of any of the royal family, royal family.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said duties shall be Duties to be under the care, management, and direction, of the of under the my for the time being appointed to manage the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, f10en<rrs for - are hereby empowered and required to employ the necessary stampts, officers under them for that purpose, and to cause four new stamps to be provided to denote the several rates of duty hereby imposed; that is to say, One stamp to denote the rate of two pounds per centum, one other stamp to denote the rate of three pounds per centum, and one other stamp to denote the rate of four pounds per centum, and one ether stamp to denote the rate of six pounds per centum, and the same tg alter or renew whenever it shall be requisite,

642 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

and to do all things necessary for carrying this act into execution, according to the rules, methods, and directions, herein contained, in as full and ample a manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised and empowered to put in execution any law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper. Commission-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said of receWers^of'11 by-writing under their hands and seals, or the hands and the duties, seals of the major part of them, appoint proper persons in the

and to keep several counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, and divisions, in

accounts, Great Britain, as occasion shall require, to collect and receive

1 erfonal1 & duties hereby imposed, and to keep proper accounts thereof, estates in re- to be transmitted to the head office of the said of; ipeA of which and upon payment of any such duty, if paid at the head office of the duties the said of, the said of shall cause the

hsve been same to be duly entered in their books, and to be set down

therein to the account of the personal estate in respect whereof the said duty shall be paid, and shall make like entries in their books, upon transmission of the proper accounts for that purpose from the several officers to be appointed by the said of in the different counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, and divisions, aforesaid, to whom they shall from time to time give proper orders for such purpose; and the accounts of such payments shall be kept, with proper references, in alphabetical order, according to the surname of the testator, testatrix, or in-teslate, in respect of whose personal estate such payments shall have been made respectively, so that it may at all times appear upon the books of the said of, what payments have been made in respect of the personal estate of any testator, testa-tiix, or intestate.

V. And in order that all persons may- be enabled to take receipts and discharges on the payment or satisfaction of any legacy, or re-fulue of any personal eslate, or any part thereof according to the Commission- directions prescribed by this act: be it further enacted, That it ers may pro- shall be lawful for the said of of stamp duties, from receipts11^time to time, to provide sufficient quantities of paper adapted which may be for such receipts or discharges as aforesaid, and to cause to used, or others be printed thereon the form of words in the schedule hereof the like forms.

Duties to be paid by executors or administrators on retaining or paying legacies.

or

unto annexed; and it shall also be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, requiring such receipts or discharges, to cause the same to be duly filled up with sums, names, and date, according to the provisions before-mentioned, and also upon any vellum or parchment, or upon any other paper not provided by the said of, to use the like form whenever there shall be occasion.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed shall, in all cases in which it is not hereby otherwise provided, be accounted for, answered, and paid, by the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or other tellamentary instrument, or the administration of the personal estate of any person deceased, upon retainer for his, her, or their own benefit, or for the benefit of any other person

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 643

or persons, of any legacy, or any part of any legacy, or of the residue of any personal estate, or any part of such residue, which he, she, or they shall be entitled so to retain, either In his, her, or their own right, or in the right or for the benefit of any other person or persons; and also upon delivery, payment, or other satisfaction or discharge whatsoever, of any legacy, or any part of any legacy, or of the residue of any personal estate, or any part of such residue, to which any other person or persons shall be entitled; and in case any person or persons having or notpafdbe-taking the burthen of such, execution or administration as afore- fore legacies said, shall retain for his, her, or their own benefit, or for the are retained benefit of any other person or persons, any legacy, or any part by executors, of any legacy, or the residue of any personal estate, or any Part foey1J1Ca^lecl, of such residue, which such person or persons shall be entitled so deduced it, to retain, either in his, her, or their own right, or in the right the amount or for the benefit of any other person or persons, and upon which to be a debt any duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this act, not having first paid such duty, or shall deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever and ^[hey satisfy or discharge any legacy, or any part of any legacy, or pay legacies the residue of any personal estate, or any part thereof, to which without de-any other person or persons shall be entitled, and upon which any^duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this act, having received or Jject*deduced the duty so chargeable, then and in every of such cases, from both the duty which shall be due and payable upon every such legacy, parties, and part of legacy and residue, and part of residue respectively, and which shall not have been duly paid and satisfied to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the provisions of this act, shall be a debt of such person or persons having or taking the burthen of such execution or administration as aforesaid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and in case any such person or persons so having or taking the burthen of such execution or administration as aforesaid, shall deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever satisfy or discharge any such legacy or residue, or any part of any such legacy or residue, to or for the benefit of any person or persons entitled thereto, without having received or deduced the duty chargeable thereon, (such duty not having been first duly paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, according to the provisions herein contained,) then and in every such case such duty shall be a debt to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, both of the person or persons who shall make such delivery, payment, satisfaction, or discharge, and of the person or persons to whom the same shall be made,

VII. And be it further enacted, That any gift by any will, je

or testamentary instrument of any person dying after the passing cSTvlthbfftie of this act, which shall, by virtue of such will or testamentary intent of this instrument, have effect, or be satisfied out of the personal estate adti of such person so dying, or out of any personal estate which such person shall have power to dispose of as he or file shall think fit, shall be deemed and taken to be a legacy within the intent and meaning of this act, whether the same shall be given by way of annuity or in any other form, and whether the same shall be

644 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

charged only on such personal estate, or charged also on real estate of the testator or testatrix who shall give the same; except so far as the same shall be paid or satisfied out of such real eslate, in a due execution of the will or testamentary instrument by which the same shall be given; and every gift which shall have effect as a donation mortis causa, shall also be deemed a legacy within the intent and meaning of this act.

The value of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the value of any legacy annuities, given by way of annuity, whether payable annually or otherwise,

tS be cal cuty> 4for

any life or lives, or for years determinable on any life or lated accord- lives, or for years or other period of time, shall be calculated, and the duty chargeable thereon shall be charged, according to

ing to the annexed tables, and the tables in the schedule hereunto annexed: and the duty the dut n<aid c^argea^e on hich annuity shall be paid by four equal payments, by instal- the which payments of duty shall be made before or on

ments, &c. completing the payment of the first year's annuity, and the three

others of such payments of duty shall be made in like manner successively, before or on completing the respective payments of the three succeedine years annuity respectively; and the value of any such annuity, if determinable upon any contingency besides the death of any person or persons, shall be calculated without regard to such contingency: provided always, That if any such annuity shall determine by the death of any person, before four years payment of such annuity shall become due and payable, then and in such case the duty shall be payable in proportion only to so many of the payments of the said annuity as actually accrued and became due and payable; and in case any such annuity shall at any time determine upon any other contingency than the death of any person or persons, then and in such case, not only all payments of duty which would otherwise become due after the happening of such contingency, if any such would become due, shall cease; but it shall be lawful for the person or persons who shall have paid any duties which shall have previously become due, to apply for and obtain a return of so much of the duty so paid as will reduce the same to the like duty as would have been payable by such person or persons for such annuity, calculated according to the term for which the same shall have endured; which abatement the said of for management of the stamp duties shall settle and determine according to the tables in the schedule hereunto annexed, and shall cause the amount of such abatement to be paid to the person or persons entitled to the same, out of any monies in their hands arising from the duties imposed by this act.

The value of

IX. And be it further enacted, That the value of any legacy annuities given by way of annuity for any life or lives, or for years ades and^ determinable on any life or lives, or for years or other period of th^duty to be and charged on and made payable out of any other legacy

calculated or legacies, shall be calculated, and the duty shall be charged according to thereon, in the same manner as herein-before directed with theantiextd respect toother annuities; and the duty on the legacy charged duty^be C Wlt^ annuity, if any duty shall be payable for such legacy,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 645

shall be calculated on the value of such legacy, after deducing charged on the value of such annuity; and the duty fur such annuity shall ^h^wies be paid by the person or persons entitled to the legacy or legacies after dedud-charged with such annuity, by four equal payments, in the same ing such manner as the same would be payable according to the provi- annuities; &c, fions herein-before contained, if such annuity had been a direct gift to the annuitant, and subject to the like proviso in case such annuity shall determine before four years payment shall become due; and the payment which shall be made for such duty, shall be retained by the person or persons paying the same, out of the first four years payments of such annuity, if so many shall become due, or out of so many of such payments as shall become clue by equal portions.

X. And be it further enacted, That the duty payable upon any Dutyonlega-legacy given by direction to purchase with any personal effate of cieslV5n to the testator or teffatrix, or any part thereof, an annuity of a nuities to be certain amount for the life or lives of any person or persons, or calculated on any other term, shall be calculated upon the sum necessary to the sums purchase such annuity according to the tables before-mentioned, necessary to and shall be deduced from such sum, and paid as in the case of other pecuniary legacies; and the person or persons paying or satisfying such legacy, and the person or persons for whose benefit the same shall be paid or satisfied, shall be discharged, by payment of such duty so calculated as aforesaid, from all other demands in respect of the duty payable on such legacy; and the annuity to be purchased for the benefit of the person or persons entitled to the benefit of such legacy, shall be reduced in proportion to the amount of the duty payable thereon as aforesaid, such redudfion to be calculated in the same manner as the duty so payable is herein-before directed to be calculated; and the purchase of such reduced annuity, together with the payment of such duty, shall satisfy and discharge such legacy as fully as if an annuity had been purchased equal in amount to the annuity so directed to be purchased.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any benefit shall be Duty onlega-given by any will or testamentary instrument, in such terms that cies whose the amount or value of such benefit can only be ascertained from^afc-rtakied time to time, by the adfual application for that purpose of the by application fund allotted for such purpose, or made chargeable therewith; or of the allotted if the amount or value of any benefit given by any will or teffa- to be mentary instrument, cannot, by reason of the form and manner ^he money1 as of the gift, be so ascertained that the duty can be charged thereon applied-under any other of the directions herein contained; then and in every such case, such duty shall be charged upon the several sums of money or effedfs which shall be applied from time to time for the purposes directed by such will or testamentary instrument, as separate and diffindf legacies or bequeffs, and shall be paid out of the fund applicable for such purposes, or charged with answering the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the duty payable on a How duty on legacy or residue, or part of residue of any personal dtate, given legacies

T T 3 to enjoyed by

646

persons in succession, or having partial interests therein, shall be charged,

and by whom payable.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgiii III. c. 52. [1795.

to or for the benefit of, or so that the same shall be enjoyed by different persons in succession, who shall be chargeable with the duties hereby imposed at one and the same rate, shall be charged upon and paid out of the legacy or residue, or part of residue, so given, as in th, e case of a legacy to one person; and where any legacy or residue, or part of residue, shall be given to or for the benefit of, or so that the same shall be enjoyed by different persons in succession, fomeor one of whom shall be chargeable with no duty, or some of whom shall be chargeable with different rates of duty, so that one rate of duty cannot be immediately, charged thereon, all persons who, under or in consequence of any such bequest, shall be entitled for life only, or any other temporary interest, shall be chargeable with the duty in respetft of such bequest, in the same manner as if the annual produce thereof had been given by way of annuity; and such persons respectively shall be so chargeable with such duty, and the same shall be payable when they shall respectively become entitled to and begin to receive such produce, and shall be paid by equal portions during the aforesaid term of four years, if they shall so long continue to receive such produce; and where any other partial interest shall be given, or shall arise out of such property so to be enjoyed in succession, the duty on such partial interest shall be charged and paid in the same manner as the duty is hereinbefore directed to be charged and paid in like cases of partial interests, charged on any property given, otherwise than to different persons in succession; and all and every person and persons who shall become absolutely entitled to any such legacy or residue, or part of residue, so to be enjoyed in succession, shall, when and as such person or persons respectively shall receive the same or begin to enjoy the benefit thereof, be chargeable with and pay the duty for the same, or such part thereof as shall be so received, or of which the benefit shall be so enjoyed, in the same manner as if the same had come to such person or persons immediately on the cleath of the person by whom such property shall have been given to be enjoyed, or in such manner that the same shall be enjoyed in succession.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the duty payable on any legacy or residue, or part of residue, so givpn to, or so to be enjoyed by different persons in succession, upon whom the duty shall be chargeable at one and the same rate, shall be deducted and paid by the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument under which the title thereto shall arise, upon payment or other latis-faction or discharge of every or any part of such legacy or residue, or part of residue, to any trustee or trustees, or other person or persons to whom the same shall be payable or paid in trust or for the benefit of the persons so entitled thereto in succession; and if the same shall not be so paid or satisfied to any such trustee or trustees, then such duty shall be deduced and paid out of the capital of the property so given, upon receipt, by any of the persons so entitled in succession, of any produce of such

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 647

capital, or any part thereof, according to the amount of the capital of which such produce shall be so received; and where the duty chargeable upon any such bequest for the benefit of or to be enjoyed by different persons in succession, shall be chargeable at different rates, so that the same cannot be paid at one and the same time, but must be paid in succession as aforesaid, then and in such case, all and every the person and persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument in which such bequefi: shall be contained, shall be chargeable with such duties in succestion, in the same manner as such persons would be chargeable with the like duties in case of immediate bequeff; unless the property bequeathed shall have been paid or otherwise satisfied to or veiled in any trustees or trustee as aforesaid, in which case such trustees or trustee, or his, her, or their representatives, shall be chargeable with the duties for and in respect of such property so vested in him, her, or them respectively, in such and the same manner as if he, she, or they had had or taken the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument, by which such bequeil shall have been made; and in like manner, where any partial interest shall be given, or shall arise out of any such property so to be enjoyed in succession, ancj such partial intereil shall be satisfied or paid by the person or persons so enjoying such property, such person or persons shall be chargeable with the duties for and in respect of such partial interest, and shall retain and pay the same accordingly, in such and the same manner as if he, she, or they had had or taken the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument, by which such partial interest shall have been created; and in all such cases the person or persons so chargeable with duty, shall be debtors to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, in like manner, and shall be subject to the like penalties, as the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of such will or testamentary instrument, are hereby made chargeable and subject to.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plate, See. duty shall be paid on any articles of plate, furniture, or other ^kind^not^ things, not yielding any income, and given to or for the benefit liable to duty of, or so as that the same be enjoyed by, different persons in fuc- till in pofief-cefiion, whilst the same shall be so enjoyed in kind only by any fion of persons person or persons not having any power of felling or disposing thereof, so as to convert the same into money or other property thereof, yielding an income; but if the same shall be actually sold or disposed of, or shall come to any person or persons having power to sell or dispose thereof, or having an absolute intereil therein, then, and in each and every fuctf case, the same duty shall be charge^ able and paid thereon as if the same had been originally given absolutely, and with full power to sell or dispose thereof, and shall be chargeable upon and paid by the person or persons for whose benefit the same shall be sold, or who shall have power to fell or ciifpose thereof, or an absolute intereil therein, and shall become the debt of such person or persons; but.shall not be a charge on

648 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

any person or persons by reason of his, her, or their having af-Tented to such bequest, as the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument by which such bequest shall have been made.

Duty on lega-

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

given by

cits enjoyed in

wills or by intestacy.

successionto any legacy> or any ^efidue or part of residue, shall be fog. be charged as any will or testamentary instrument, that different persons shall such, whether become entitled thereto in succession, the duty shall be charged taken under thereon as given to be enjoyed in succession, whether the person or persons entitled thereto shall take the same under or by virtue of such will or testamentary instrument, and the dispositions therein contained, or in default of such dispositions, and as entitled by intestacy.

utY on lega-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any legacy, or tenanc ^tc^be re^ue or Part of residue, shall be given to or for the benefit of any paid in pro- person or persons in joint tenancy, some or one of whom shall be portion to the chargeable with any duty hereby imposed, and some or one of whom intere$ of the shall not befo chargeable, the person or persons chargeable with Partlcs* duty shall pay such duty in proportion to the interest of such person or persons respectively in such bequest; and if any person or persons chargeable with duty, and entitled in joint tenancy as> aforesaid, shall become entitled by survivorship, or by severance of the joint tenancy, to any larger interest in the property bequeathed, than that in respect of which such duty shall have been paid, then and in such case, all and every such person or persons so becoming entitled by survivorship, or by severance, shall be charged with the same duty as if the property to which such joint tenant or joint tenants shall so become entitled had been originally given to or for the benefit of such person or persons only.

Duty on lega-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any legacy, or cies subject to any residue or part of residue, shall be given, subject to any contingency which may defeat such gift, 2nd whereupon the same may as for absolute g to fi3111!2 other persons or person, such bequest (unless charge-bequtfts, &c. able as an annuity under the provisions herein contained) shall be charged with duty as an absolute bequest, to the person or persons who shall take the same subject to such contingency, and such duty shall be paid out of the capital of such legacy, or residue or part of residue, notwithstanding the same may, upon such contingency, go to some person not chargeable with the same duty, or with any duty; and if such contingency shall afterwards happen, and the property so bequeathed shall thereupon go In such manner that the same, if taken immediately after the death of the testator or testatrix, under the same title would have been chargeable with a higher rate of duty than the duty so paid, the person or persons becoming entitled thereto, shall be charged with and shall pay the difference between the duty so paid, and such higher rate of duty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any legacy, or the residue or any part of the residue, of any personal estate, shall be' subjected to any power of appointment to or for the benefit of any person or persons specially named or described as objects of such power, such property shall be charged with duty

ai

How duty ori legacies subjected to power of appointment shall be charged s '

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 649

as property given to different persons in succession; and in so charging such duty, not only the person and persons who shall take previous or subject to such power of appointment, but also any person and persons who shall take under or in default of any such appointment, when and as they shall so take respectively,

shall, in respect of their several interests, whether previous, or subject to, or under, or in default of such appointment, be charged with the same duty, and in the same manner, as if the same interests had been given to him, her, or them respectively, in and by the will or testamentary disposition containing such power, in the same order and course of succession as shall take place under and by virtue of such power of appointment, or in default of execution thereof, as the case may happen to be; and where any property shall be given for any limited interest, and a general and absolute power of appointment shall also be given to any person or persons to whom the property would not belong in default of such appointment, such property, upon the execution of such power, shall be charged with the same duty, and in the same manner, as if the same property had been immediately given to the person or persons having and executing such power, after allowing any duty before paid in respect thereof; and where any property shall be given with any such general power of appointment, which property in default of appointment will belong to the person or persons to whom such power shall also be given, such property shall be charged with, and shall pay the duty by this a (St imposed, in the same manner as if such property had been given to such person or persons absolutely in the first instance, without such power of appointment.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any sum of money or and how on personal estate, directed to be applied in the purchase of real personal ef-estate, shall be charged with and pay duty as personal estate; ^be unless the same shall befo given as to be enjoyed by different per- in purchase of fons in succession, and then each person entitled thereto in fuc-real estates. celhon, shall pay duty for the same in the same manner as if the same had not been directed to be applied in the purchase of real estate, unless the same shall have been actually applied in the purchase of real estate before such duty accrued; but no duty shall accrue in respectc thereof, after the same shall have been actually applied in the purchase of real estate, for so much thereof as shall have been so applied: provided nevertheless, That in case before the same or some part thereof shall be actually so applied, any person or persons shall become entitled to an estate of inheritance in possession in the real estate to be purchased therewith, or with so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the purchase of real estate, the same duty which ought to be paid by such person or persons, if absolutely entitled thereto as personal estate by virtue of any bequest thereof as such, shall be charged on such person or persons, and raised and paid out of the fund remaining to be applied in such purchase. Estates pur

XX. And be it further enacted, That the estates pur auter vie9 auter vie ap-applicable by law in the same manner as personal estate, shall be ^nal^estatesr' charged with the duties hereby imposed as personal estate. to -oe cWo-cd

XXI. Provided as such.

650

Money left to pay duty not chargeable as a legacy.

Modeofafcer-taining duty on property not reduced into money.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any direction shall be given, by any will or testamentary internment, for payment of the duty chargeable upon any legacy or bequest out of some other fund, so that such legacy or bequete may pass to the person or persons to whom or for whose benefit the same shall be given, free of duty, no duty shall be chargeable upon the money to be applied for the payment of such duty, notwithstanding the same may be deemed a legacy, to or for the benefit of the person or persons who would otherwise pay such duty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in cases of specifick legacies, and where the residue of any personal estate shall con-flit of property which shall not be reduced into money, it shall be lawful for the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the administration of such effebbs, or the person or persons by whom the duty thereon ought to be paid, to set a value thereon, and offer to pay the duty according to such value; or to require the commissioners for management of the stamp duties, to appoint a person to set such value, at the expence of the person or persons by whom such duty ought to be paid; and it shall be lawful for the of to accept the duty offered to be paid, upon the value set by the person or persons having or taking the administration of such effects, or by whom the duty for the same shall be payable, without such appraisement, if the said of shall think fit so to do; but if the said commissioners shall not be satisfied with the value so set, on which the duty shall be so offered, it shall be lawful for the said of, notwithstanding such offer, to appoint a person to appraise such effebls, and to set the value thereon, on which value fofet the said of shall assess the duty payable in respect thereof, and require the same to be paid; but if the person or persons by whom such duty shall be payable, shall not be satisfied with the valuation made under the authority of the said of, and pay the duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such person or persons to cause the valuation so made under the authority of the said of, to be reviewed by the of of the land tax for the time being, of the district or place where such effebfs shall be, at their next meeting, after the said commissioners for management of the stamp duties shall have assessed and required payment of such duty as aforesaid, if fourteen days shall have elapsed between such time and the meeting of the said commissioners of land tax, and if not, then at the next succeeding meeting of the said commissioners of which appeal six days notice shall be given to the said commissioners of stamp duties; and the said of of the land tax shall and may (if they think fit) appoint a person to appraise such effedfs, and set a value thereon, and shall and may hear and determine such appeal, in the same manner as in any other cases of appeal to them, and with the like authorities, and their judgement shall be final; and if the valuation made under the authority of the said commissioners of the stamp duties in the case late-mentioned, shall not be duly appealed from within the

6$i

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

time aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon appeal, the duty shall be paid according to such valuation; and if any variation shall be made on such appeal, the duty shall be paid according to such variation; and if the dutyassessed in manner aforesaid, shall exceed the duty offered to and refused by the said of of stamp duties, the expence of such appraisement and other proceedings in assessing such duty, shall be borne by the person or persons by whom such duly shall be payable; and if any dispute shall arise between any person or persons entitled to any such legacy, or residue, or part of residue, and any person or persons having or taking the burthen of the administration of such effects, with respect to the value thereof, ortfcith respect to the duty to be paid thereon, the duty shall be assessed by the said of of stamp duties on reference to them by either party for that purpose; and if the value of any property on which such duty ought to be paid shall be in dispute, the said of of the stamp duties shall cause an appraisement to be made thereof, at the expence of the person or persons by whom such duty ought to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed in other cases, and a fiefs the duty thereon accordingly; and if such person or persons by whom such duty ought to be paid, shall be dissatisfied with such valuation, or with the assessment of duty made upon such valuation by the said of of the stamp duties, the same shall be reviewed and finally determined by the said of of the land tax, upon appeal to them within the time, and under the restrictions, and in the manner herein-before- directed in other cases; but if such valuation or assessment shall not be duly appealed from within the time limited for that purpose, or shall be affirmed upon appeal, the duty shall be paid according thereto; and if any variation shall be made therein on such appeal, the duty shall be paid according to such variation; and in case the effects whereon any such duty shall be payable shall be at the distance often miles from London, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful to make the like application to such person as shall be deputed for that purpose by the said of to act in their Head, in such cases, within the county or dillridl in which such effects shall be; and such person so deputed shall act in such cases, in all respects? in the same manner as the said of are hereby authorised to act, subject nevertheless to the instructions and controul of the said of.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any legacy, Duty on lega-or part of any legacy, or residue qr part of residue, whereon any cies not satis-duty shall be chargeable by this a, shall be satisfied otherwise^tobe^id than by payment of money or application of specifick effects for according to that purpose, or shall be released for consideratiop, qr compounded thevalue of the for less than the amount or value thereof, then and in such case, satisfaction. the duty shall be charged and paid in respect of such legacy, or part of legacy, or residue, or part of residue, according to the amount or value of the property taken in satisfaction thereof, or as the consideration for release thereof, or composition for the same: provided always, That if any legacy or bequest shall be

order them to pay cost& j

652 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

made in satisfaction of any other legacy, or bequest, or title to any residue, or part of residue, of any personal estate remaining unpaid, the duty shall not be paid on both fubej&s, although both may be chargeable with duty, but shall be paid on the subject yielding the largest duty.

If legatees

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-refuse to fons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or cie^dut^e- ot^er testamentary instrument, or the administration of the per-duflted, the fonal estate of any person deceased, or any other person or persons court, in case hereby made chargeable with duty, shall declare himself, herself, of suit may or themselves ready and willing, and shall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary legacy, or residue, or part of residue, deducing the duty payable thereon, or shall in like manner offer to deliver or otherwise dispose of any specifick legacy, or any specifick property, part of any residue of any personal estate, to or for the benefit of the person or persons entitled thereto, or to any trustee or trustees for such person or persons, upon payment of the duty payable in respect thereof, and the person or persons entitled to such legacy, or residue, or part of residue, or the trustee or trustees for such person or persons, shall refuse to accept such offer, and to give a proper release and discharge for such legacy or residue, or so much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered, or other -wife disposed of as aforesaid, then and in' such case, although no actual tender shall be made, if any suit shall be afterwards instituted for such legacy or effects, respecting which such offer shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the court in which such suit shall be instituted, to order all costs, charges, and expences attending the same, to be paid by the person or persons who shall have refilled to accept such offer, and to give or join in such release or discharge, or to order such costs, charges, and expences, to be deducted and retained out of such legacy or effects, together with the duty payable thereon, as the said court shall see fit; and in case any suit shall be instituted for payment of any legacy, or residue, or part of residue, of any personal estate, and the person or persons sued for the same shall be desirous of flaying proceedings in such suit, on payment of the money due, or delivering, or otherwise disposing of the speciiick effects demanded, after deducting or receiving the duty payable thereon, eluding duty, it shall be lawful for the court in which such suit shall be instituted,

make^order^ lt ^ee^on apphcatfon in a fumijnary way, to make such Serein.1"* or<^er for payment of such legacy, or residue, or part of residue, or for delivering or otherwise disposing of such effects, and for payment of the duty payable thereon, and all such costs, charges, If suit be insti- and expences, attending such suit as shall bejuft. tilted concern-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any suit shall be in-

SatfoS^the" concerning the administration of the personal estate of

court to pro- any Person dying testate or intestate, or any part of such estate in vide for pay- which any direction shall be given touching the payment of any ment of the legacies or legacy of such person, or the residue of his or her per-duty- fonal

and in suits where the party sued may wish to stop proceedings on payment of bequests, de-

HoSted by

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 653

fonal estate, or any part thereof, the court wherein such suit shall be instituted shall, in giving directions concerning the same, provide for the due payment of the duties hereby imposed; and in taking any account of any personal estate, or otherwise acting concerning the same, such court shall take care that no allowance shall be made in respect of any legacy, or part of legacy, or of any residue, or part of residue, in any manner whatsoever, without due proof of the payment of the duties hereby imposed.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Executors person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution, ma^ discharge of any will or other testamentary instrument, or the administra- payment of tion of the personal estate of any person deceased, may from time the duty

to time pay, deliver, or otherwise dispose of any legacy, or any accrued* part of any legacy, or make distribution of any part of the residue of any personal estate, on payment, from time to time, of such proportions of the duty hereby imposed, as shall accrue in respect of such part of such personal estate as shall be so administered.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons No legacy, having or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or^be testamentary instrument, or the administration of the personal without a estate of any person deceased, nor any trustee or trustees, or other receipt con-person or persons hereby diretfted and required to account for any taining certain duty, shall, from and after the passing of this a eft, pay, deliver, or Particular; 5* otherwise dispose of, or in any manner satisfy, discharge, or compound for, any legacy whatsoever, or any part thereof, or the

residue of any personal estate, or any part thereof, in respetft whereof any duty is hereby imposed, without taking a receiptor discharge in writing for the same, expressing the date of such receipt or discharge, and the names of the testator, testatrix, or intestate, under whose will or testamentary disposition, or upon whose intestacy the title to such legacy or part of legacy, or to such residue, or part of residue, shall accrue, and of the person or persons to whom such receipt or discharge shall be given, and of the person or persons to whom such legacy or residue, or part of residue, shall have been given, or shall have belonged in consequence of intestacy, and the amount or value of the legacy or part of legacy, or residue or part of residue, for which such receipt or discharge shall be given, and also the amount and rate of the duty payable and allowed thereon; and that no written no receipt receipt or discharge for any legacy or part of any legacy, or for UJl

the residue of any personal estate, or any part of such residue, in See

respect whereof any duty is hereby imposed, shall be received in evidence, or be available in any manner whatever, unless the same shall be stamped, as required by this act; and no evidence whatsoever shall be given of any payment, satisfaction, or discharge whatsoever, or of any release or composition of such legacy, or any part thereof, or of such residue, or any part thereof, without producing such receipt or discharge, duly stamped as aforesaid, unless the actual payment of the duty hereby imposed,

shall

Copy of entry at stamp office of payment of duty, evidence. Stampt receipts for annuities not required but on compleating payments for each of the first fouF years.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.'c. 52.

[179^.

fh all first be given in evidence: provided always, That a copy of the entry, in the books of the commissioners of the (lamps, of the payment of such duty, shall be admitted as evidence thereof: provided also, That payment of any annuity shall not be deemed a payment for which such stamped receipt shall be required, under the directions of this act, except the several payments which shall courtpleat the payments for each of the first four years, during which such annuity shall be payable; and in like manner any payment in respect of any legacy or bequest, hereby directed to be charged with the duty in the same manner as annuities are hereby made chargeable with duty, shall not be deemed a payment for which such stamped receipt shall be required, except the several payments which shall compleat the payments for each of the first four years in respect of which such legacy or bequest shall be chargeable' with duty as

an annuity.

Penalty of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any person having ioi. per cent, or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or testa-for paying or menlary instrument, or the administration of the personal estate cies without of any Person deceased, and any trustee or trustees, or other stam.pt re- person or persons, hereby directed and required to account for ceipts. any duty, who shall pay, deliver, or otherwise dispose of, or in

any manner satisfy or discharge, or compound for any legacy.given by such will or testamentary instrument, or the residue, or

any part of the residue, of such personal estate, to or for the benefit of any person or persons entitled to such legacy, or any part thereof, or to such residue, or any part thereof, without taking such receipt or discharge in writing as aforesaid, and causing the same to be stamped within the time hereby allowed for {lamping the same, shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds per centum on the sum of money, or the value of the property if not money, for which such receipt or discharge ought to have been given in pursuance of this act; and all and every person and persons receiving or taking the benefit of any such money, or other property, without giving a written receipt or discharge for the same, in which the duty payable in respect thereof shall be expressed to have been allowed or paid to the person or persons to whom such receipt or discharge shall be given, and which shall bear date on the day of signing the iarne, shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds per centum on the sum of money, or on the value of the property, so received or taken.

Receiptstobe

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such receipt statnpt within or discharge shall be brought within the space of twenty-one days after the date thereof, to the said head office of the said of, or to some other office to be appointed by the said of for such purpose, to be stamped, paying the duty for the same, and upon such payment either at the said head office, or at any other office to be appointed as aforesaid, the receiver general or other proper officer to be appointed for that purpose by the said of, as the case shall require, shall write upon such receipt or discharge an acknowledgement of the payment of the

ar days after date, on t&hich an ac-kncwledge-toept of payment of the duty shall be written &cc.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 655

duty so paid in words at length, and bearing date the day on which such payment shall be made, and shall subscribe his name thereto, and enter an account thereof in a book or books to be provided for that purpose, to the intent that he may be thereby charged with the sum so paid; and in case the duty shall be so paid at the said head office, then the receipt or discharge so brought to be stamped, shall be forthwith stamped with one of the said four (lamps as the case shall require; and in case the duty shall be so paid at any other office to be appointed by the said of as aforesaid, the receipt or discharge whereon such acknowledgement of the payment of duty shall be so written and subscribed, shall be transmitted within the space of twenty-one days from the day of payment of such duty, to the said head office to be stamped, and the same shall be stamped accordingly with one of the said four (lamps as the case shall require; and in case the person or persons paying such duty at any such office to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be desirous that the same should be transmitted to the said head office, by the officer to whom such duty shall be paid, and shall leave the same with such officer for such purpose, such officer shall thereupon sign and deliver an acknowledgement, that such receipt or discharge has been left with him for such purpose, and shall transmit such receipt or dfcharge to such head office to be stamped as aforesaid, and the same shall be sent again to such officer as footi as conveniently may be after the stamping thereof; and such officer shall deliver back the same to the person or persons entitled thereto, upon re-delivery to him of the acknowledgement which he shall have given for the same: provided always, That if any such receipt or discharge shall not be so brought to any withirTthree such office as aforesaid, within such space of twenty-one days as months after aforesaid, it shall nevertheless be lawful to carry such receipt or date, on pay-discharge to the said head office to be stamped in like manner, rnentofduty, within three calendar months after the date thereof, paying duty for the same, and also the further sum of ten pounds per centum on such duty, by way of penalty for not having before paid such duty, on payment of which duty and penalty, the said of are hereby authorised and required to (lamp such receipt or discharge, in the same manner as if the same had been brought to the said office within the space of twenty-one days from the date thereof; but the said of, or any of their officers, shall noton any pretence whatever, except as herein after directed, (lamp any vellum, parchment, or paper, upon duty be paid which any receipt or discharge for any legacy or part of legacy, and they are or any residue of any personal effiate, or any part thereof, shall be brought to be written or signed with the said new (lamps, or any of them, unlefe tife^Fmited* the duty for the same shall be paid, and such receipt or discharge time.

shall be produced to be so stamped in manner aforesaid, within the times and in the manner herein-before respectively limited and appointed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to Mi (lakes in the satisfaction of the said of of stamp duties, upon

oath e re

1 and iou per the cent, penalty;

but none to be stampt unless the

656

fied, if no fui be instituted, on payment of the difference within three months, and 10l. per cent.

Persons paying or receiving money contrary to this act, indemnified on discovering the other offender.

If by infancy or absence legacies cannot be paid, the money may be paid into the bank and laid out in the 3l. per cents.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

oath or affirmation to be administered by a justice of the peace, or matter or matters extraordinary in chancery, which oath or affirmation such persons are hereby empowered to administer, that less duty has been paid for any legacy, or residue, or part of residue, than ought to have been paid for the same, by mittake, without any intention to defraud; and if application shall be made to the said of to rectify such mittake, and accept the duty really due before any suit shall be instituted concerning the same, and within three calendar months after payment of the money actually paid instead of the just duty, it shall be lawful for the said of to accept the difference between the money paid and the just duty, together with the sum of ten pounds per centum on such difference by way of penalty in full for the just duty, and which shall be in discharge ot all penalties incurred by non-payment of such duty, and to cause an acknowledgement of the payment of the just duty to be written on the receipt or discharge given for such legacy or residue or part of residue, and to be subscribed by the proper officer, and also to cause such receipt or discharge to be properly stamped if necessary, in the same manner as would have been done if the just duty had been originally paid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enaffect, That the party or parties paying or satisfying any legacy, or any residue of any personal estate, or any part of such residue, or receiving the same, contrary to the provisions of this aeff, who shall, within the space of twelve calendar months after the offence committed, discover the ether party or parties offending therein, so that such party or parties so discovered be thereupon convicted, such person so discovering shall be indemnified and discharged from all penalties incurred for any offence against this act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of the infancy, or absence beyond the seas, of any person entitled to any legacy, or to the residue of any per-lonal estate, of any part thereof, chargeable with duty by virtue of this act, thi person or persons having or taking the burthen of, any will or testamentary instrument, or the administration of such personal estate, cannoffpay such legacy or some part thereof, although he, she, or they may have effects for that purpose, or cannot pay such residue, or some part thereof, although he, she, or they may have the same, or some part thereof, in his, her, or their hands, it shall be lawful for such person or persons to pay such legacy, or residue, or any parts or part thereof respectively, or any sum or sums of money on account thereof, after deducting the duty chargeable thereon, into the bank of England, with the privity of the accountant general of the court of chancery, to be placed to the account of the person or persons for whose benefit the same shall be so paid; for payment of which money the said accountant general shall give his certificate as usual in such cases, on production of the certificate of the commissioners of stamps, that the duty thereon has been duly paid; and such payment into the bank shall be a sufficient discharge for the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 657

money so paid in, provided the duty be also paid thereon as aforesaid; and such money when paid in shall be laid out by the said accountant general, without any formal request for that purpose, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, which, with the dividends thereon, shall be transferred and paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their benefit, on application to the court of chancery, by petition or motion, in a summary way: provided always, That if it shall afterwards appear that such money, or If such money any part thereof, has been improperly paid into the bank as be improperly aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said court of chancery, j^ancery^ upon petition, in a summary way to dispose thereof, and of the maydispose annuities purchased therewith, and the dividends received there- thereof: on, in such manner as justice shall require: provided also, That if more thaii if it shall appear that the duty paid in respect of any such sum of ^et ^a^eeetl money was more than ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful paid, thecom-for the person or persons who shall have paid such duty, to apply missioners for to the said of for management of the stamp duties, to stamps may repay such excess of duty; and the said of are hereby ^cdfs*authorised, upon such application, to repay such excess of duty*to the person or persons who shall appear to them entitled to receive the same, or to pay such excess of duty into the bank, with the privity of the said accountant general, for the benefit of the person or persons entitled, there to be placed to the same account, and to be applied in the same manner as the same would have beeri applicable, if paid together with the remainder of the legacy, or sum of money, in respetft of which the same shall have been paid $ and the said of are hereby authorised to make such payments respectively out of the monies in their hands, arising from duties imposed by this act; and if the duty paid to the said ^nd ifless, on of shall appear to be less than the duty which ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who chancery paid such money into the bank as aforesaid, upon payment of the may order full duty to the said of, in such manner as the same re-payment ought to be paid, with such penalties, if any, as ought to be the party* paid in respect thereof, to apply to the court of chancery, in a summary way, for the repayment of the further sum paid to the said of for such duty, out of the money in the bank so paid in by such person or persons, or the produce thereof, which payment the said court is hereby authorised to order.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if at the end of Ifiit shall ap-two years after the death of any person deceased, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said of of stamp duties, ersforftatnps, that it will require time to collet the debts or effects of such at the end of* person then outstanding, or that from circumstances it will be two years difficult to ascertain or adjust the amount of the clear residue of the personal estate of such person liable to duty, and the parties thaUt will^ interested therein shall be desirous of compounding for the duty require time thereon, it shall be lawful for such parties respectively, with the to collect the consent of the commissioners of stamp duties, to make application

658

ascertain the residue of the personal eft-Ue, the duty may be compounded for:

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

to the court of exchequer at JVejhninJitr, if the deceased person resided in England or elsewhere, except in Scotland, and to the court of exchequer in Scotland, if the deceased resided in Scotland, for. leave to compound such duty, Rating upon oath the particulars of the personal estate for which such composition shall be proposed to be made, by affidavit to be filed in the said court, and declaring at the same time upon oath, whether any other property of the deceased then outstanding besides the property for which such composition shall be proposed to be made, hath come to the knowledge of the said parties, or any of them, and the nature thereof, and the circumstances attending the same; and in such case it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer in England or Scotland, as the case may be, to appoint a proper person to set a value on the personal eslate, or such part thereof, for which no duty shall have been charged, and which shall be specified in such affidavit as the property for which such composition shall be desired, and to adjuR and settle the duty which, juRly and equitably under all circumstances, ought to be paid in respect of such personal eRate so specified, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby' required, if the said court of exchequer to which such application shall be made, shall confirm the said adjuRment and settlement, and order the duty to be accepted accordingly, and by authority of such order to accept payment of the sum so adjuRed and settled, in full discharge of the duty on so much of such personal eRate as shall be so specified, and according to such order, and to enter the same in their books accordingly, and to grant certificates thereof, expressing the receipt of such duty by way of composition under such order; and every such person to whom such certificate shall be granted, and every future representative of the same eRate, and all persons entitled to the benefit of the property for which such composition shall be so paid, shall be discharged from any further payment of duty on the same; and in all future payments of such property, it shall be lawful for the persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or testamentary instrument disposing such property, or the ^dminiflration thereof, to pay, apply, and dispose of the same, and for all persons entitled to the benefit thereof to receive the same, without having the receipts and discharges in writing, hereby required to be given and taken for the same, Ramped as herein-before directed; provided such receipts or discharges shall express the same to be given under the authority of such com- as aforesaid, and not liable to duty: provided always nevertheless. That the duty shall be charged and paid upon all and every part of the personal eRate of such person deceased, other than that which shall be specified in such affidavit as aforesaid, and included in the valuation in which such composition shall have in the cornpo- been made as aforesaid, and for which the said court of exchequer fitioa. shall allow and order such composition to be taken as aforesaid, in

the same manner as if no such composition had been made; and all and every person and persons shall be liable to all the like penalties and forfeitures for not duly paying the duty for such

personal

duty to be paid on any part of per-liunal estates rnot included

659

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

personal estate not compounded for, and subject to the like rules, methods, and directions, for charging such duty, as such person and persons respectively would be liable to if such composition had not been made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after^refunded^ payment of duty on any legacy, or residue, or part of residue, of the tQ9 the personal estate of any person deceased, any debt shall be re- be repaid, covered against the estate of such deceased person, or any loss shall happen, by reason whereof, or for any other just cause, any legatee or other person, by whom any legacy or part of legacy, or any residue of any personal estate hath been received or retained, shall be obliged to refund the same, or any part thereof, then in every such case it shall be lawful for the said of of stamp duties, and they are hereby required, on due proof made on oath as aforesaid, to their satisfaction, of the amount of such sums refunded, and that by reason thereof there hath been an over-payment of duty, to settle and adjust the amount of such over-payment, and to repay the same out of the money in their hands, arising from the duties by this act imposed, or to allow the same in future payments as the case may permit or require.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any per- Executors son or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of previous to^any will or testamentary instrument, or the administration of any {*este^personal estate as aforesaid, shall be entitled to any legacy, or the transmit the residue, or any part of the residue, of the personal estate of any particulars, testator, testatrix, or intestate, such person shall be chargeablethe duty with the duty whenever he, she, or they shall be entitled, in the he commff-dye course of administration, to retain to his, her, or their own ftoners of life, any part of the said estate, in satisfaction of such legacy, or (lamps, whp residue, or any part thereof; and every such person, before any shall^charge such retainer, shall transmit to the said of of stamp Jo-ree^bleto duties, or their officers, a note containing the particulars of such this act. legacy, residue, or part of residue, intended to be retained, and the amount or value thereof, and the duty which such person or persons shall offer to pay thereon; and the said of shall charge and assess the duty thereon, in such manner as the duty shall be chargeable thereon by virtue of the provisions in this act contained, and such duty shall be paid accordingly; and on payment of the said duty, the said receiver general of the said duty, or officer appointed to receive the same, shall, at the foot of a duplicate of the said assessment duly stamped, in such manner as the said of shall direct for such purpose, give a receipt for such duty in such form of words as the said of shall direct, which receipt shall be a discharge for the duty expressed therein; and in case any such person or persons Penalty for shall neglect to pay such duty as aforesaid, within fourteen days n^n^of after the same ought to have been paid as aforesaid, every such uty for 14 person and persons shall forfeit and pay treble the value of the duty days, which ought to have been paid.

Receipts for legacies, except those by wills, respect-

660 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

XXXVI. And whereas doubts have arisen upon the conJlrnBion of the said acts of the twentieth, twenty-third*, a?id twenty-ninth years of his Majesif s reign, whether the duties thereby imposed were intended to be imposed on all legacies, bequests, and dispositions by zvill or testamentary instrument whatsoever: be it enacted and declared, That all receipts and discharges whatsoever for legacies specifick and pecuniary, and of any nature or kind whatsoever, and for all personal estate whatsoever, in any manner given or disposed of by ing which the will or testamentary instrument, whether by way of annuity or duties impot- other particular bequest, or by way of residue, or share of'refrdue, Mentioned in or ot^erwi^e howsoever, as well as on personal estate, distributa-the preamble, ble upon intestacy, except such dispositions as shall be made by are repealed, any will or testamentary instrument, with respect to which the to be deemed duties imposed by the said former acts are hereby repealed, shall re<rPPts be deemed and taken to be receipts and discharges for legacies, of those acts; within the intent and meaning of the said former acts respectively; and such re- an<^ eveiT Person and persons to whom any such legacy,

ceipts to be or any part of any such legacy, shall be due and payable at the given for lega- time of pasting this act, or who at the time of passing this act shall ^affin^this entitieci to any residue, or any share or part of any residue, of ad ^nd for any Personal estate, under any such will or testamentary instru-legacies be- ment, or upon intestacy, and also all and every person and persons corning due who shall become entitled to any legacy, or residue, or part of refi-wh1chSr<d n Per^ona^ e^ate5 after the pacing of this act, upon

thereby3im^wMch no duty is imposed by this act, and upon which the duties posed*'imposed by the said former act remain in force and unrepealed, shall, upon receipt or other satisfaction or discharge, of any such legacy, or part of such legacy, or residue, or part of such residue, sign and give a receipt or discharge in writing, duly stamped as required by the said former acts respectively; and the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or other testamentary instrument, or the administration of anypersonal estate, shall have the like powers to require such receipt or discharge in writing, and to retain the duty payable inrefped thereof, and the person and persons paying, or otherwise satisfying or discharging, and the person or persons receiving, or being otherwise satisfied for such legacy, or residue, or part of residue, shall be in like manner debtors for the duty imposed on such receipt or discharge in case of non-payment of such duty, and to the like penalties for enforcing due payment thereof, as by this act are provided with respect to the duties hereby imposed on legacies, and residue of personal estate of persons dying after the passing of this act.

If administra-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the authority tion be^made under or by colour of which any person shall have administered dii tv shall have estate or effects of any person deceased, or any part thereof,

beeniinpro- shall be void, or be repealed, or declared void, and such person perly paid, it shall, before the avoidance, repeal, or declaration of avoidance, shall be repaid; have paid any duty hereby imposed, or any duty imposed by any to have been1 former acts, which shall not be allowed to such person

paid, it shall out of the estate or effects of such deceased person, by reason that

the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. $2. 66 x

the same duty was not really due or payable, the money paid for be allowed ip such duty shall, on proof thereof to the satisfaction of the said of of stamp duties, be repaid to the person or persons eXecutor. who shall have paid the same, or his, her, or their representatives, by the said of, out of any monies in their hands arising from the duties imposed by this act, or the said former acts; but in case such duty ought to have been paid by the rightful executor or executors, administrator or administrators, of such deceased person, then and in such case the payment of such duty shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding such avoidance, repeal, or declaration of avoidance as aforesaid; and no such person shall, by reason of the avoidance, repeal, or declaration of avoidance of such authority/be sued, molested, or troubled for or in respect of such payment; but all such payments, in respect of the said duty, shall be allowed in account with such rightful executor or executors, administrator or administrators, and the same shall be deemed payments in the due course of administration, as fully and effectually as if such payments had been made by rightful executors or administrators; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or fner|^fvear* persons, upon oath or affirmation before the said of g^by o/per-of stamp duties, or of of land tax, or any person or jury, persons authorised by this act to administer any such oath or affirmation, shall wilfullyand corruptly swear, affirm, or alledge any

matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, with intent to defraud his Majesty of any of the said duties hereby imposed, or with intent to charge any person or persons with any greater ox other duty than such person or persons ought to be charged with, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being, any person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is subject and liable to.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty of alter any word, letter, figure, or number, in any assessment or 5o1

j*o j */ irikT

receipt to be made or given in pursuance of this act, for any of 6

the said duties, after the same shall have been signed by the officer appointed to lign the same, according to the directions of this act, or shall utter or publish as true any such altered assessment or receipt, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any other person or persons, then and in such case, every person so altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That g; Ec

if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter- tofufferdeath/ feited or forged, any stamp directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used, in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble theimpression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall utter, vend, sell or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duty, with such ? u w 3 counterfeit

Powers of former acts relating to (lamps, to

662 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

counterfeit impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in case of felony without benefit.of clergy,

stampt, Sfree^

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every from all other receipt or discharge for any legacy, or any part of any legacy, duties. or for any residue, or part of residue, of any personal estate,

which shall be duly stamped as required by this act, shall be free and discharged from all stamp duties imposed by the said recited acts, or by any other act of parliament upon receipts or discharges for money; and that every such receipt or discharge which shall be duly stamped as required by the said recited acts, and upon which no new duty is imposed by this act, shall be also free and discharged from any stamp duty imposed by any other a c1 upon receipts or discharges for money,

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisoes, articles, clauses, allowances, and all matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or extend"to this acts of parliament, relating to the stamp dutie on vellum, parch-act. ment, and paper, and not hereby altered, shall be of full, foree

and effect with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said duties hereby imposed.

Recovery and

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pe- application of cunjary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, where no other foTwithin 3 niode of prosecution is specially prescribed by this act, shall, if sued months. for within the space of three calendar months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England> or in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be Spits for pe* allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's nalty incurred attorney general in England, or his Majesty's advocate in Scot-

tiem of fraudTn ca^e appear to satisfaction that such penalty

jnay be stopt. was incurred without any intention of fraud, to stop all further proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect' as well to the {hare of such penalty claimed by such informer, or informers, as to the {hare thereof belonging to his Majesty.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 663

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That irl Recovery and default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except faedforwithm in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, and of three months, his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland respecti vely, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfcture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's stamp duties for the time being, any law, usage, or cullom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to rewar the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful informers, for the said of to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture so reco^ vered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or among#: any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising from the said duties herein-before duties to be granted, and also the duties arising from the said former acts of Pq.ic* lothere- m ceiver Ercncrsi

the twentieth, twenty-third, and twenty-ninth years aforesaid, Of starifp du-

not hereby repealed, and all arrears of the said rates and duties tics, and by

hereby repealed, shall, from and after the pasting of this aeft, be him paid into

paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for ^exchequer*

the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same, the necessary charges of raising

and accounting for the same being deducted, into his Majesty's

receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time and in such

manner as other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid, and the same shall be carried to

and made part of the consolidated fund,

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Exchequer to

pasting of this act, out of the monies that shall be paid into the Of

said receipt of the said duties hereby imposed, and of the said the duties for

former duties not hereby repealed, and arrears of duties hereby 10 years, and

repealed, the sum of ten thousand two hundred and sixty-nine the remainder

pounds fifteen shillings, being one fourth part of the sum of forty- ? be applied

one thousand and seventy-nine pounds, the annual average pro- any increased

duce for three years, ending the fil'd day of August one thousand charge occa-

seven hundred and ninety-five, of the whole of the said former du- honed by any

ties, ill all quarterly, on the fifth day of July, the tenth day of Ofio- and

her, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, in every ^ept

year during the period of ten years, be set apart from the remain- other duties

der of the said monies; and that after the setting apart at the said granted for

receipt of exchequer at the end of each such quarter, the sum of the same Pur"

ten thousand two hundred and sixty-nine pounds fifteen shillings, other

U V 4 the monies0

664 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

the said remainder of the said monies arising or to arise of the said several duties, and of arrears as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament; and that the said remainder of the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties, granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any account whatever.

limitation of

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit $ lonSf shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, then, and in every such case, the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action General issue. or suit to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shal be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city or place, than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfiiit, or discontinue his, her, or their action, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall Treble calls. and may recoVer treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit v in other cases of law.

T H I

THE

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

FORM to be used by the of of stamp duties, in providing blank forms for receipts and discharges, given under this act.

STAMP OFFICE.

On account of the personal estate of deceased,

between taking the ad mi narration of the said estate, and legatee [a;, next of

kin, as the case may be].

. s. d.

Amount of the sum [or value, if not in money'] accounted for -

Duty allowed at the rate of

per centum -

Balance received

Received the day of the above balance in [full, or part, as the case may be] of my [legacy, or share, as the case may be] out of the personal estate above mentioned.

Signed

666 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52 [1795.

TABLE I.

The values of an annuity of 100. per annum, held on a single life, and payable yearly.

Years of age. Value.

. s.

Birth 1032 14

1 1346 10

2 1563 6

3 1646 4

4 170? 0

5*1724 16

6.1748 4

7 1761 2

8.1766 4

9 1762 10

JO. >752 6

11 >739 6

12 1725 2

13 17 jo 6

14- 1695 0

15 1679 2

16 1662 10

17.1646 4

18 1630 18

19.1616 14

20 1603 6

21 1591 4

2291579 H

23 1568 0

24.> 5 56 0

25 >543 >6

26 > 531 4

27 1518 8

28.>5S 6

29.1491 l6

30 1478 2

31 I463 18

32 1449 10

33 1434 H

34*I4I9 IO

35 I4O3 l8

36.I388 O

37 1371 12

38.1354 l6

39 1337 IO

40.13*9 H

41 130! l6

42 1283 j6

43 - 1265 14

44 1247 4

45 - 5228 6

46 1208 18

47*1189 O

48.. 1168 IO

49 1147 IO

0*. j 126 8

5 1 1105 14

52 1084 18

53 1063 14

54 1042 z

55 1020 2

56.997 !4

57 974 >3

58 95' 12

59 928 O

60 903 18

61.879 10

62 854 14

63.829 z

64 803 0

65 776 2

66.748 l6

67.721 2

68.693 0

69 664 14

70 636 2

71 607 10

72.579 0

73 550 14

74 523 0

75*496 4

76. 47 > 0

77 445 >4

78.4>9 >4

79 39z 2

80 364 6

81 337 >4

82 312 4

83.288 14

84.270 l6

8? 254 6

86.239 6

87.223 2

88*213 3

89.196 14

90.I75 l6

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 667

TABLE II.

[Garbage removed. Rescan as table.]

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

[1795. TABLE III.

The values of art annuity of ioo. per annum, payable yearly, for any number of years, not exceeding 90.

Years. Value.

1 96 2

21 u88 12

3 277 10

4 362 18

445 2

6 524 4

7 600 4

8 673 4

9 743 >o

so 8l I O

S I 876 O

12 938 10

*3 99# 10

H 4 1056 6

15 2111 16

16 1165 4

*7 I2l6 IO

18 I265 l8

19 1313 6

20 1359 0

21 1402 18

22 1445 2

23 1485 12

24 1524 12

25 1562 4

26598 4

27 4 1632 18

28 0 16 66 6

29 4 169^ 6

3 1729 4

31 1758 16

3 2 1787 6

33 1814 14

34 1841 2

35 1866 8

3^1890 16

37 1914 4

38 0 0 1936 14

39 4 1958 8

40 1979 4

41 r 1999 6

42 0 4 foi8 10

43 4 2037 0

44 2054 16

4>*a 2072 0

Years. Value.  s-

46, 4 + 2088 8

47*. 4 5104 4

48 4 2119 10

49 2134 2

5 0 2148 4

51.2161 14

5 2 2174 14

53 0 2187 4

54; 9 2199 4

5592210 16

56 2221 18

57*0 2232 12

58.2242 18

59 0 2252 16

60 4 2262 6

62 4 2271 8

62 # 2280 4

63 2288 14

64*9 2296 16

65 0 2304 12

66 2312 2

67*2319 8

68 # 2326 6

69 2333 0

70 2339 8

712345 12

72 2351 10

73 2357 4

74 # 2362 14

75 # 2368 O

76 % 2373 2

772377 18

78 # 2382 12

79 2387 4

80 0 2391 io

81*0 2395 H

8z 4 2399 14

83 0 2403 io

842407 4

85 2410 16

86 2414 4

87 2417 IO

88 a 2420 14

89 2423 14

90.2426 14

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 699

RULES

FOR INFERRING

The value of an annuity of 100. per annum, held on the longest of two lives:

Also, The value of an annuity of ioo. per annum, held on the joint continuance of three lives:

Also, The value of an annuity of ioo. per annum, held on the longed: of three lives.

RULE for determining the value of an annuity of ioo* per annum, payable yearly, and held on the longed: of two lives.

THE values of an annuity of ioo. per annum, held on each of the single lives, to be added together ( from Table I.) and from this sum the value of an annuity held on the joint continuance of the two lives ( from Table II,) to be subtracted; the result is the value of an annuity of ioo. per annum, held on the longed: of the two lives.

RULE for determining the value of an annuity of JOOj. per annum, payable yearly, and held on the joint continuance of three lives.

THE value of an annuity of ioo^. per annum on the joint continuance of the two elder lives, is to be found ( from Table II.) The age of a single life of the same (or neared) value, with the annuity on the said joint lives, to be found from Table I. The value of an annuity of 100l. per annum on the joint continuance of this life, and the younger life from Table II. five pounds being deduced from the said sum, is the value of an annuity of IQO^. Per annum, held on the joint.continuance of the three lives.

RULE for determining the value of an annuity of ioo. per annum, payable yearly, and held on the longed: of three lives.

THE values of an annuity of iock. per annum for each of the three single lives to be extracted from Table I. and to be added together. The value of an annuity of ioo. per annum on the joint continuance of the two younged lives, also the value of an annuity of ioo. per annum on the joint continuance of the two elded lives, also the value of an annuity of ioo. per annum on the joint continuance of the oldest life and the younged: life $ (all found by Table II.) to be subtracted from the sum or addition of the annuities on the three single lives: to the result is to be added the value of an annuity of ioo^. per annum held on the joint continuance of the three livesj the amount is the value of an annuity of iqo. per annum on the longed: of the three lives.

yoo Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53. [1795.

CAP. LIII.

An act for indemnifying all p who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of his Majesty in council respecting the exportation of rock salt; for preventing suits in consequence of the Jame; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation or carrying coastwise of rock salt; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

[April 26, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an order in council bearing date Order in the twelfth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was pleased to order that no person or persons whatsoever

12* should, from and after the publication of the said order until the twenty-

fifth day ^December one thouj and seven hundred and ninety flvey directly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of or from any port or place in Great Britain, or load or lay on boards or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board of any flip, vessel or boat, in order to be exported\ transported, carried, or conveyed, out of any and Dec. 30, port or place in Great Britain, any sort of rock salt whatsoever; which Feb^iT^and or^er was> h three orders of his Majesty in council) bearing date re-March 16 Jpeflively the thirtieth day of December one thousand seven hundred

1796, respect- and ninety-five, the twelfth day ^February and the sixteenth day of in g rock salt, March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six^further continued recited. j?Qr jpace four weeks) to commence from the eighteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: and whereas the said orders cannot be justified by law, but were expedient for the service of the publick, and for preventing the supply of a necessary article to his Majesty's enemies, and ought therefore to be justified by an atI of parliament^ and all persons issuing, advising, or a fling under or in obedience to the said orders respectively indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Suits for any r*Uy Gf the same. That all personal actions or suits, indictments, ^dcm^fn re-d ^n^ormat^onsf anc^ a^ prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any act, matter, or things advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said orders, or of any contract or agreement may^leacTthe not performed by reason or means of or in obedience to such general issue. orders, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, foadvised, commanded, appointed, or done* or foreborne to be done, or such contradf or agreement not: performed, he, file, or they, may plead the general issue, and give tn actions this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or commenced plaintiffs, in any action or suit so to be prosecuted or commenced aftei^FebUii a^ter e^vent^ day of February one thousand feveft hundred 1796, defend- 2nd ninety-six, in that part of Great Britain called England) shall become

lation to the said orders m?de void, and persons prosecuted

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53. 701

become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discon- ar>ts to have.tinuance, or if a verdictt pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the doubk costs. defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like remedy, as in cases where costs by law are given to the defendant; and if any such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, after the said eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of suit, in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^k*jd m

if any action or suit hath been already commenced against any reaay com-person or persons for any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, menced may commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on apply to the account of any such contract or agreement not performed, it f\ourtlto liav shall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such a^e 9

actions or suits respectively, in whatever courts in Great Britain

such actions or suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively, to stay all proceedings therein respectively, by motion in a summary way; and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order, shall award and allow to the defendants or defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases where the costs are bylaw given to defendants or defenders.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may, by His Majesty

proclamation or order in council, when he shall see cause, and x^rtir*for such time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting orcarrying^ or carrying coastwise, or the attempting to export or carry coast- coastwiferock wife, any sort of rock salt whatsoever. salt;

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, and if export- from and after the passing of this act all rock salt whatsoever

which shall be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or 9

laden or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of any port or place in Great Britain, or coastwise, contrary to any such proclamation of his Majesty, or order, of his Majesty in council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and all and every person or persons Of^ncjers offending therein shall forfeit treble the value of any such rock forfeit treble salt as shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed out the value, and of this kingdom, or coastwise, or laden or laid on board of anyhe ship, vessel, or boat, for either of those purposes; and such ship, may*vessel, or boat, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized, by any officer or officers of the customs: provided ^council^always, That his Majesty may, by special licence under his sign may permit manual, or by any such order in council or proclamation, make rock salt to be such exception with respect to the exportation or carrying coast-

A A A 3 wife

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 54. [1795.

wife of -any sort of rock salt whatsoever, and such regulations concerning the manner of exporting or carrying the same coast-wife, as to him, with the advice of his privy council, shall appear to be proper, ' specifying the quantities of the said rock salt, and also the place or places to and from which the same shall or may be so exported or carried coastwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That, any part of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this prefect session of parliament.

CAP. LI V.

An act to amend an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

[April 26, 1796.]

WHEREAS an c5l ivas passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual C. 44j recited; preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now1 in being relative thereto; whereby it is among other things enacted, that every person who J, hall wilfully take, kill, aestroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her possesson, or use any partridge, between the first day ^February and the first day of September, in any year, shall incur certain penalties and forfeitures, by ihejaid aft laid and imposed: and whereas the fear ching for, taking, and killing partridges, so early in the year as the first day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the corn the Ji growing or uncut, or cut and not carried: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mold excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the and so much authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act,

as relates to so much of the said act as relates to the wilfully taking, killing,

SidK?sPbefore destroying> carrying, felling, baying, having, or using, any par-Sept. 1, re- tridge, before the first day of September in any year, shall be, and pealed. the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

Perform taking IE And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing

partridge, &c. of this act, every person who shall wilfully take, kill, destroy, between Feb. carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her possession, or use, within that liable tcP e*4' Part Britain called Scotland, any partridge, between the

nalties of re- htft day February and the fourteenth day of September, in any

cited ad. year, shall be liable to and incur the same penalties and forfeitures, as

by the said act are laid and imposed on every person wilfully taking, killing, destroying, carrying, felling, buying, having, or using, any partridge, between the first day of February and the first day of September, in every year; such penalties and forfeitures to be imposed, inflicted, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same manner, and under such and the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as in and by the said act is provided and directed.

70 z

Amay be altered or repealed this session.

[Preamble.]

13 Geo. 3.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 55, 5.6, 703

CAP. LV.

An act for making the port of Scarborough, in the if and of T obago,

a free port, under certain regulations and ref notions.

[April 26,

1796.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by fever a I acts, made in the twenty-seventh,

thirtieth, thirty -first, thirty feconcl, and thirty-third years of2 7 Geo. 3. c, the reign of his present Majesty, it is provided that wool, cotton wooll^o Geo 3 c indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, tobacco, logzvood, fufic, and29. all forts of wood for dyers ife, hides, skins, and tallow, beaver, and 31 Geo. 3. c.?// forts of furs, tortoise-Jhell, hardwood or mill timber, mahogany, 38'qco c #// goods for cabinet ware, horses, ajfes, mules, and cattle,

being growth and production of any of the colonies or plantations in 33 Geo. 3. c. America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign Euro- s\ pean sovereign or fate, and all coin and builion, diamonds, or precious reclted, Jlones, may be imported from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah ia Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio in the if and of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the if and ^Grenada, the port of Roseau in the if and of Dominica, the port of Nassau in the if and of New Providence one of the Bahama Islands, and the port of Saint John's. in the if and of Antigua, in any foreign foop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and owned and navigated in the manner therein prescribed, and together with other goods and commodities mentioned in the said acts, may be expor ted from thence under certain regulations and ref rid ions: and whereas it is expedient to permit the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated to be in like manner imported into the port ^Scarborough in the ifand of T obago, and together with such other goods and commodities to be in like manner exported from thence: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day and from June of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, all the goods79^, ex- and commodities herein-before enumerated and described shall and may be imported into the port of Scarborough in the island of borough in 7obago, in the like foreign ships and vessels, and together with Tobago, such other goods and commodities mentioned in the said acts, or any of them, be exported from thence to such part of his Majesty's dominions to which the exportation of the same is permitted by any of the said acts, under the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures; to be recovered and applied in the manner in the said acts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

CAP. LVI.

An act for amending an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importa* tion into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian raeal, or rye, in British ships, or other ships the property of persons of

a a a 4. any

704 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57  59. [1795.

any kingdom or Hate in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehousefor home consumption.

[April 26, 1796.]

Bounties, granted by 36 Geo. 3. c. 21. on wheat, Scc. imported, extended to the ports of Barnstaple, Biddeford, Bridgewater, Bridport, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carnarvon, Fowey, Newhaven, Scarborough, Shoreham, Weymouth, Borrowstoness, Perth, Grangemouth, and Port Dundas.

CAP. LVII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications! within the time limited bylaw, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnity members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been Tramped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors: and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglebfed to transmit descript'ons of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpefe.

[April 26, 1796.]

CAP. LVIII.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United Sates.

[April 26, 1796 ]  Continued to April 5, 1797. 1

CAP. LIX.

An act for the more effectual execution of several acts of parliament, made for the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

[April 26, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

jo Geo. 3. c. 26.

it Geo. 3. c. 42.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in par-ment, it is enacted, That at the time appointed for taking any petition, complaining of an undue election or return of a member or members to serve in parliament, into consideration, and previous to the reading of the order of the day for that purpose, the house shall be counted\ and that if there be leys than one hundred members present, the order for taking such petition into consideration shall be immediately adjourned to a particular hour on the following day, as therein mentioned\ and the house foall then adjourn to the said day; and that on the said following day the house shall proceed in the same manner; and so from day*to day till there be an attendance of one hundred members at the reading the order of the day to take such petition into consideration: and whereas by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said act, it is enacted, That if at the time of drawing by lot the names of the members, in manner prescribed by the said former aft\ the number of forty-nine members, not set aside nor excusedy cannot be completed? the house shall proceed

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 705

proceed in the manner they are directed by the said former act to pro- ceed, in erse there be left than one hundred members present at the time therein prescribed for counting the house; andfo from day to day, as often as the case shall happen: and whereas by an act, passed in the 2 5 Geo. 3. c* twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act aiJ to limit the duration of polls and ferutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to serve in parliament for places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament 3 a7id by one other act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the 28 Geo. 3. c reign of his present Majesty, intituled An acte for the further regu- 52>r?Cite* lation of the trials of controverted eledHons, or returns of members to serve in parliament, it is enacted, That petitions complaining of the omission, or of the insufficiency of a return to any writ issued for the ehftion of any member or members to serve in parliament, and also the petitions of any person or persons, desiring to oppose any right of election, or the right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, any returning officer or returning officers, which shall have been deemed valid by the determination of any select committee, shall be taken into consideration, tried, and determined, in the same manner as petitions complaining of undue elections and returns are directed to be taken into consideration, tried, and determined, by the said acts passed in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty: and whereas it is expedieyit that further provision [hould be made for preventing delay in the appointment of Qny such select committee, to be appointed for the purposes aforesaid, any or either of them: be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if, jf apter after counting of the house in the manner before mentioned, counting the there be less than one hundred members present, or if the forty- the house, nine members, not set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, it the^l^re shall and may be lawful for the house, (after the order or orders cited a(^ for taking any such petition or petitions into consideration, shall there be not have been adjourned to a particular hour, on the following or such members

other day as in the said acts is directed,) to proceed (in like pre^Q^set^manner as they might have proceeded if there had been no order ^Menor ex-or orders for taking any such petition or petitions into considera- cused, cannot tion on that day) upon any order of the day for the call of the be completed, house, which shall have been previously fixed for that day, and to t, lc house may direct that the house, in pursuance of such order, be then called any^order of IX over, if they shall so think fir, or to direct that such order of the the day for day for a call of the house shall be adjourned to such future day the call of the as they shall appoint, and in either of such cases to come to such tl0U^> &c*> resolutions, and to make such orders relating thereto, as are usually at any time made in such cases, or as to them shall seem meet; and in case no order of the day for a call of the house shall have been previously fixed for that day, then that it shall and may be lawful for the house to order that the house shall be called over on such future day as they shall appoint, and to make such orders

relating

but if such 4.9 members can* not be completed, the house not to proceed until the door is unlocked, and the parties, &c. withdrawn.

When petitions are to be taken into consideration, the house not to proceed to other business until there be due attendance, except calling over the house, &c.

[Preamble.]

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1795.

relating thereto as they shall think necessary, and in any case to make such other orders as to them shall seem expedient for enforcing the attendance of the members on the business of the house; and that the house shall then adjourn to the same day to which such order or orders shall have been adjourned, and so from time to time, as occasion shall require; and in case no such proceedings with respect to any call of the house, or other the matters before-mentioned shall take place, or if in the coufle of those proceedings the house shall be adjourned for want of members, the house shall be deemed and taken, and shall be declared to be adjourned to the same day to which such order or orders shall have been adjourned: provided always, That in case the forty-nine members, not set aside nor excused, cannot be completed, it shall not be lawful for the house to proceed upon any of the matters before mentioned, until the door of the house is unlocked, and the parties, their counsel and agents, are withdrawn from the bar,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the house shall not, on any day when any such petition or petitions shall be ordered to be taken into consideration, proceed to any other business (other than such as may, by virtue of any act of parliament, be proceeded on previous to the reading of the order of the day for taking any such petition or petitions into consideration) until there be an attendance of one hundred members, or until the number of forty-nine members, not set aside nor excused, shall be completed, other than and except to the calling over of the house, adjourning such call, or ordering a call of the house on a future day, and making such orders relative thereto as they shall think fit, or such other orders as to them shall seem expedient for enforcing the attendance of the members on the business of the house, in the manner before-mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An act to regulate the making and vending of metal buttons; and to prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real quality of such buttons.

[April zfi, 1796.]

WHEREAS the manufacturing and vending of gilt and plated buttons has for many years been a great, and till of late an increasing branch of trade in this kingdom; and great quantities of such goods have been (ent to foreign markets: and whereas it hath been discove red that certain deceitful and fraudulent practices have been and may be used in the making and vending of such buttons, parties larly by the stamping or marking of metal buttons, being neither gilt or plated, with the word gilt or plated, or with other ivords or marks, intimating that the same were gilt or plated, to the intent that the same might pass for, and be sold as and for gilt and plated buttons; or by marking metal buttons of an inferior quality, or being f ightly gilt, with words or marks intimating that the same were strongly gilt, or extra strongly gilt, to the great injury of the purchasers thereof and of the fair trader; and by which the use and wear of ?ilt and plated buttons is greatly diminished, both at home and abroad

and

77

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6o>

and this'valuable manufacture may ultimately te loft to this country: therefore, for preventing and punishing such fraudulent and pernicious practices; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, it) this present parliament assembled, and by and with the authority of the same, That, from and after Penalty on the first day of Align ft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, putting talfe no person or persons, who shall order or apply for any metal' buttons of or from any manufacturer or maker of buttons, shall order or direct the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, to be printed, call, stamped, or marked, in or upon any part of such buttons, orfcorder or direct any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, whether the same do or do not indicate the quality, to be printed, cast, stamped, or marked, in or upon the underside of such buttons, unless such person or persons do and shall at the same time order and direct such buttons to be gilt with gold, or plated with hiver respectively; and that no person or persons shall procure or purchase, or cause to be procured or purchased, any metal buttons not being gilt with gold, or plated with silver respectively, having the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, printed, call:, stamped, or marked thereon, or having any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, whether the same do or do not indicate the quality.

printed, cast, stamped, or marked, on the underside thereof, knowing the same not to be gilt with gold, or plated with silver respectively, on pain of forfeiting, in every of the cases aforesaid, such buttons, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of such buttons not exceeding twelve dozen j and for any quantity of such buttons exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, No marks to from and after the said first day of August, no person or persons uiedbut shall print, cast, stamp, or mark, or cause, direct, or procure to be expr^fs the^ printed, cast, stamped, or marked, in or upon any part of any rea] quality of metal button or buttons, the words gilt or plated, or any other the buttons, word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, or any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, on the underside thereof, whether the same do or do not indicate the quality, unless the same be respectively really and bona fide plated with silver, before the same shall be so printed, cast, stamped, or marked as aforesaid, or afterwards gilt with gold, or destroyed before being fold; and that no person or persons shall put, place, or affix, or cause, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or affixed, upon any metal button or buttons, having the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, on any part of such button or buttons, or any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, on the underside thereof, whether the same do or do not indicate the quality, any ornament or ornaments whatsoever, unless those parts of such button or buttons which shall not be

covered

7S

To re drain persons from marking any other than th words " gilt" or " plated" upon metal buttons.

Where persons may mark the words " double gilt, " and

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1795.

covered by such ornament or ornaments, be respectively really and bona fide plated with silver, or gilt with gold, before such ornament or ornaments shall be put, placed, or affixed upon such button or buttons; and that no person or persons shall put, place, or pack, or cause, direct, or procure, to be put, placed, or packed for sale, in or upon any card or cards, paper or papers, or other substance, or fell, or expose or offer tosale, or cause, directs, or procure to be sold or exposed, or offered to sale, any metal buttons, not being gilt with gold, or plated with silver respectively, if the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality of such buttons, be printed, caff, stamped, or marked, in or upon any part of such buttons, or upon such card or cards, (not being the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other substance; or if any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, be printed, caff, damped, or marked, on the underside of such buttons, whether the same do or not indicate the quality, knowing the same not to be gilt with gold, or plated with silver respectively; upon pain of forfeiting, in every of the cases aforesaid, such buttons, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of such buttons exceeding one dozen, and not exceeding twelve dozen; and for any quan-tityof such buttons exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, no person or persons

s shall print, caff, (lamp, or mark, or cause, direct, or procure to be'printed, caff, stamped, or marked, in or upon any part of any metal button or buttons, any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating or purporting to indicate the quality thereof, save and except the words " gilt" or " plated" respectively; and that no person or persons shall put, place, or pack, or cause, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or packed for sale, in or upon any card or cards, (except the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other fubffance or pareel, or expose or offer to sale, or cause, directs, or procure to be sold, or exposed or offered to sale, any metal buttons having any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating or purporting to indicate the quality thereof, other than and except the words "gilt" or " plated"respectively, printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any part thereof, upon pain of forfeiting in every of the cases aforesaid such buttons, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of such buttons exceeding one dozen, and not exceeding twelve dozen; and for any quantity of such buttons exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to inflidfany fine, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment, upon any person or persons who shall print, caff, stamp, or mark, or

cause

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 709

cause or procure to be printed, cast, stamped, or marked, the treble gilt, " words u double gilt" in or upon any metal buttons, or put, place, 1 or pack, or cause, direct, or procure, to be put, placed, or paeked, 11 ons* for sale, in or upon any card or cards, (except the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other substance or pareel, or expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct, or procure, to be sold, or exposed or offered to sale, any metal buttons having the words a double gilt" printed, cad:, stamped, or marked, in or upon any part thereof; provided continually, from the time of gilding thereof, gold shall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper surface of the said buttons, exclusive of the edges, in the proportion of ten grains to such quantity of the said buttons, the upper surfaces of which, exclusive of the edges, shall measure or be equal to the superficies of a circle twelve inches in diameter; or who shall print, cast, stamp, or mark, or cause or procure to be printed, cast, stamped, or marked the words " treble gilt" in or upon any metal buttons, or put, place, or pack, or cause, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or packed for sale, in or upon any card or cards, (except the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other substance or pareel, or expose or offer to sale, or cause, directs, or procure to be sold, or exposed or offered to sale, any metal buttons having the words " treble gilt" printed, cast, stamped, or marked, in or upon any part thereof; provided continually, from the time of gilding thereof, gold shall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper surface of the said buttons, exclusive of the edges, in the proportion of fifteen grains to such quantity of the said buttons, the upper surfaces of which, exclusive of the edges, shall measure or be equal to the superficies of a circle twelve inches in diameter; any thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Penalty on from and after the said first day of August, if any person shall make

out, fend, or deliver, for, with, or in relation to any metal but- mvolces# tons, any list, bill of pareels, or invoice, expressing therein any other than the real quality of such buttons, and shall at the time of making out, fending, or delivering such lift, bill of pareels, or invoice, know that such lift, bill of pareels, or invoice, express therein any other than the real quality of such buttons, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall knowingly put, place, or inter- Penalty on mix, pr cause, order, direct, or procure to be put, placed, or intermixed, any metal button or buttons, that shall not be respect ferent quali-tively really and bona fide gilt with gold, or plated with silver, ties.

Upon any card or cards, (except pattern cards,) or upon any paper or papers, or other substance whereon or wherein any metal button or buttons gilt with gold, or plated with silver, shall be put or placed, nor intermix the same in any other manner, upon

pain

)y

yio Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. $o.

[1791.

pain of forfeiting the buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding one dozen, and not exceeding twelve dozen; and for any quantity of buttons so put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen; to he levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

VII. And, for the more easy and better ascertaining what frail be deemed or taken to be a gilt or plated button or buttons, be it enacted, For ascertain- That no metal buttons shall be deemed or taken to be gilt but-bedeed^ttons> un^e^'s continually, from the time of gilding thereof, gold be a gil^but- remain Put) placed, and equallyspread upon the upper surface ton. of the said buttons, exclusive of the edges, in the proportion of five

grains to such quantity of the said buttons, the upper surfaces of which, exclusive of the edges, shall measure or be equal to the area or superficies of a circle twelve inches in diameter; and that no metal buttons shall be deemed or taken to be plated buttons, unless the area or superficies of the upper surface thereof be made of a plate of silver, put, placed, or fixed uporr copper, or a mixture of copper with other metals, previous to such plate of silver and copper, or mixture of copper with other metals, being rolled into sheets or fillets.

Recovery of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be penalties. lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county, city, or place where the offender or offenders shall reside, or where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act; and such justices are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and the witnesses on each side, and shall examine into the matter of fast, and upon due proof thereof, either by con-session of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the pecuniary penalty, with costs to be allowed by such justices; and to award and issue out their warrant, under their hands and seals, for the levying such penalty and coils on the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five days, inclusive of the day of the seizure, rendering the surplus, if any, to the person or persons whole goods or chattels shall be distrained; and for want of a sufficient distress, such justices shall and may commit such offender or offenders to his Majesty's gaol for the county, city, or place, where such information shall be laid as aforesaid, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless payment shall be sooner made of the said penalty and costs.

Appeal. IXv And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of such justices, he, she, or they may (upon giving security, with a sufficient surety, to the amount of the value of such penalty or penalties, and costs, together with such further costs

as

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 711

as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed) appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place, where such conviction shall be made; and the justices at such sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses on oath, and to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as the said court shall think reasonable, to the party in whose favour such appeal shall be determined.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Mitigation of be lawful for, and in the power of the said justices of the peace, Penaffies. and also of the said quarter sessions, to modify and mitigate the said penalties, in such manner as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such penalties shall in no case be reduced below one half, or, where such penalties shall be less than the sum of forty pounds, below twenty pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no conviction made Proceeding* upon any offence or offences in this amentioned or created n^foJ^for shall be set aside in or by any court whatsoever, for want of form, ^.ant or or through the mistake of any fact, circumstance, or other mat- form only, ter whatsoever, provided the material facts alledged in such conviction, and upon which the same shall be grounded, be proved

to the satisfaction of the said court; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That a conviction in the form or to the effect following (mutatis mutandis) as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without stating the case, or the facts or evidence in any particular manner; (that is to say, )

BE it remembered. That on the day of Form of con-

in the year of our Lord at in the county of vi<^ion*

J. B. came before us, C.D. and E. F. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, [city, or place, as the case may bef\ and informed us, that G. H. of on the day of now last past, at

in the said county, [city, or place, as the case may be; ] [herefet forth the fast for which the information is laid,] whereupon the said G. H. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before us on the day of at

in the said county, [city or place,] and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence, [or, as the case may happen to be,] did not appear before us pursuant to the said summons; [or, did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge,] but the same being fully proved before us upon the oath of f. K. a credible witness,

[ar, as the case may happen to be,] acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it manifestly appeared to us that the said G. H. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information; we do therefore hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said G. H, hath forfeited the said buttons, together with the sum of

712 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6o.; [179*

of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of the statute in that case made and provided. Given under our hands and seals, the day of

For compelling the attendance of witnesses.

Penalties may be recovered by action.

Limitation of time for informations under the act.

Application of the penalties.

To enable parishioners to be witnesses.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be summoned as a Witness to give evidence before such justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the informer, or the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such justices, then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are herein-before directed as to other penalties.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to recover any of the pecuniary penalties aforesaid by action or suit in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with full costs of suit, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the offence is committed, or where the offender or offenders reside, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause any such metal buttons as shall be liable to be forfeited by virtue of this act, to be seized, and the same, when seized, to keep in safe custody, for the purpose of producing the same in evidence upon any prosecution or action to be instituted or commenced for the pecuniary penalties incurred in respect thereof; and when and as soon as the further production thereof in evidence shall become unnecessary, then the same shall, by order of such justices, be defaced and destroyed.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no information shall be exhibited, or action brought, for any of the offences aforesaid, unless within the space of three calendar months after the commission of such offences reflectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the pecuniary penalties so to be recovered as aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the poor of the parish, township, or place, where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all actions, suits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of the parish, township, or place in which any offence or offences shall be committed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of

the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6o. 713

the pariflh, township, or place, wherein any Such offence or offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Persons dif-case any person or persons who shall be liable to any of the ^ofeorder penalties aforesaid, by reason of any thing done by him, her, or any thing them, under the order, direction, or procurement of any other punishable person or persons, shall, before any information or complaint under this act shall be laid or made against him, her, or them, discover to any noTbe two or more justices the name or names of the person or persons liable to any by whose order, direction, or procurement he, she, or they penalty for shall have done such act which shall have made himself, herself, doing it.

or themselves liable to any of the penalties, so that such person or persons by whose order, direction, or procurement he, she, or they shall have done such act, shall be prosecuted to conviction for the same, then and in such case such person or persons who shall give such information, or make such complaint, shall not be liable to the pains and penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to a moiety of the penalty as other informers.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any manufacturer or maker of buttons, who Manufactu-shall have ordered any metal buttons to be gilt with gold by any rers not to be gilder or gilders, or other person or persons whatsoever, shall, Jj^kies^cer before the burnishing of the said buttons, appear before two tajn capeg

or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county, city, or place, where such gilder or gilders, or other person or persons shall reside, or where the offence of such gilder or gilders, or other person or persons, shall have been committed, and proved before the said justices, by one or more credible witnesses, that he ordered and directed the said buttons to be gilt in the manner required by this act, and delivered a quantity of gold fufRcient for that purpose, or paid or contracted to pay a proper sum of money in that behalf, and shall afterwards prosecute such gilder or gilders, or other person or persons, to conviction, then and in any of the cases the said manufacturer or maker of buttons shall not be liable to any of the fines, forfeitures, penalties, and punishments in and by this act inflicted, for or on account of the said buttons not being gilt with gold; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. Provided all'o, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be con- What buttons strued to extend or relate, to any button or buttons made of gold, the act shall silver, tin, pewter, lead, or mixtures of tin and lead, or iron not extend to tinned, or of the mixed metals called Baib Metal or White Metals

or 6f either or any of these metals inlaid with steel, or buttons plated upon (hell or fhelis; any thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit or action shall be commenced against: any person Limitation of or persons for what he or she may do in pursuance of this act, actions, such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be Vol. XL.'Bbb laid,

?i4 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61  6^.

[1795.

laid, brought, and tried in the county, city, or place, where the offence was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such suit or action, suits or actions, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence; and if any suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict shall pass against him or her, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs.

[Publick act.]

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick act; and all judges, justices, and all other persons herein concerned, are hereby required as such to take notice hereof without specially pleading the same,

CAP. LXI.

An act for further continuing and amending the several acts passed for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.  -[ April a6, 1796.]  Continued to June 24, 1S10.

CAP. LXII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant to John earl of Westmorland, his heirs and assigns, in fee limple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the hayes or walks of Sulehay Fermes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant to Henry earl of Exeter, his heirs and assigns, in fee ftmple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Westhay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same,

CAP. LXLV.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, esquire, his heirs and assigns, in fee ftmple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the lawn of Benefield, and the bailiwick of Rockingham, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

CAP. LXV.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Paul, Covent-Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, and the vestry rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinllating the iron

rails

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 66  72. 715

rails inclosing the fcite of the said church, and the gates leading thereto; and for making several regulations relating to the said parish.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for enabling the commissioners for executing an act passed in the the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, initituled, An act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the King's town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parish of Maidstone, to raise a further iurq of money for completing the purposes of the said add,

CAP. LXVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigation for Morwellham quay, in the parish of Tavistock, in the county of Devon, to Tamerton bridge, in the parish of North Tamerton, in the county of Cornwall, and also a certain collateral cut from Powlfon bridge, in the parish of Lifton, in the said county of Devon, to Richgrove mill, in the parish of Saint Stephen, near to the borough of Launceston, in the said county of Cornwall

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Aberdeen, in the parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the river Don, at or near the south end of the bridge over the same (adjacent to the royal burgh of Inverurie) in the parish of Kintore, all within the county of Aberdeen, North Britain.

CAP. LXIX.

An act to amend an add of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to and through a place called the Bank, near the town of Cardiff, in the county of Glamorgan, and for extending the said canal to a place called the Lower Layer, below the said town.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable the company of proprietor of the Leominster canal navigation to finish and complete the same.

CAP. LXXI.

An act to explain and an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, rrom the river Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the Whitchurch line of the said canal and collateral cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton common to Sherryman's bridge, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the said county of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining, and preserving certain commons and waste grounds, called the Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the manor and parish of Ramsey, in the county of Huntingdon, and for repealing an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the BBB; several

716 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73, .74. [1795.

several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Stand-ground, and Water Newton, in the county of Huntingdon, and of Dod-dihgton, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for laying an additional tax upon the lands within the North Level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portland, otherwise Great Porsand, in the county of Lincoln, for the further support and preservation of the principal banks and works of the said North Level.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for raising the [am of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities.

[May 14, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

\\7your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com-V V mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being de-firoustoraife the neceflaryfupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved, that the sum of seven millions five hundred thousand poundsbe raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned- and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Every contri- same, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of seven to b^ entitled*m*ons ^ve hundred thousand pounds shall, for every one hun-to a principal dred pounds contributed and paid, either in money or exchequer cfiool.in bills, as herein after is mentioned, be entitled to the principal the 3 percent, sum of one hundred pounds in consolidated annuities, after the

confols., and rate three pounds per centum per annumy and to an additional iin additional*i r r j i*i

principal of principal ium of twenty pounds in like annuities, after the rate

20l. therein, of three pounds per centum per annum, and also to a further prin-

from Jan. 5, cipal sum of twenty-five pounds in reduced annuities, after the

1796; a fur- rate 0p t[lree pounds per centum per annum redeemable by parlia- ther nrinciDal 1, 1 1 j

or'251. in the ment; the said several consolidated annuities after the rate of

3 per cents. three pounds and of three pounds per ce?itum per annum to corn-

reduced, and mence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred

sTd^or^ and ninety-six, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of

years,l 3 three pounds per centum.per annum to commence from the fifth

months, from day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and shall

April 5, 1796, also be entitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds so

contributed, to a further annuity of five shillings and sixpence*

to continue for a certain term of sixty-three years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred

Annuities to and ninety-six, and then to cease; and that the said several con-

be payable out folicjated annuities after the rate of three pounds and of three

dated fund^" Pounc's Per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of

half-yearly, three pounds per centum respectively, and the said further annuity

of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. 717

of five shillings and sixpence, in respect of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the said several consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum shall be paid half yearly, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; and the said annuity of five shillings and sixpence to continue for a certain term of sixty-three years and nine months from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and then to cease, shall be paid half yearly, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have, in books opened at the bank ^England for that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective fwns by them so subscribed to the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds to be raised by annuities, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contri- Contributors

butors who have made such deposits with the cashier or cashiers of ^e^aJe0plts

the governor and company of the bank of England, (which cashier ^thebank1

or cashiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers may pay the

of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in remainder of that behalf), to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers their subscript-

of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several ^n*a*-

remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards

the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds,

either in money or exchequer bills as herein after is mentioned, at

or before the respective days and times and in the proportions

herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say),

the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-seventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-six; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of June then next following; the

further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-

ninth day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen

pounds per centum on or before the nineteenth day of August then

next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on

or before the twenty-third day of September then next following;

and the remaining lum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before

the twenty-sixth day of October then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who Contributors i shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue paytheir of an add, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An in exchequer act for raifrng a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the bills made u service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; or of der 35 Geo.

b b b 3'anotherc* 2I*

35 Geo. 3x.37,

and

35 Geo. 3. c.

320.

Guardians may subscribe for infants.

718 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

35 GEO. 3.C. 22. another act passed in the same session, intituled An afi

a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousandJ'even hundred and ninety-five \ or of a nother act passed in the same session, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; or of another act passed in the same session, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; shall be at liberty to pay or deliver in the same for the purchase of the said annuities; and such exchequer bill or bills shall be received as money by the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company, and placed as such to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or delivering in the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money or effebls of any infant, to contribute and pay any money or deliver in any exchequer bill or bills for or towards advancing the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, or exchequer bill or bills delivered in, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money or exchequer bill or bills.

V. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respectc of the said sum of leven millions five hundred thousand pounds to be contributed as aforesaid, either in money or in exchequer bills, at any time on or before the twenty-second day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the same, to the twenty-sixth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be entitled to an annuity after the rate of three pounds/)/?/* centum, for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, and also to an annuity

Contributors to be allowed discount for subscriptions p ud in advance.

Annuities to be paid half-yearly, but not till subscriptions are completed.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. 719

after the like rate of three pounds per centum in respect of the said additional principal sum of twenty pounds, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until redemption by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned 5 and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum in respect of the additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, until redemption by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity of five shillings and six-pence, to continue for the term of sixty-three years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and then to cease; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, and of five shillings and sixpence, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), the said first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of Aprils in every year; and the said annuity of five shillings and sixpence, on the said tenth day of October, and the said fifth day of Aprils in every year; the first payment upon the said first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum^ to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and on the said annuity of ive shillings and sixpence, on the said tenth day or October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; but shall not be payable uitil the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, acministrators, successors or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the lums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and Contributors e^ery such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their execu- Paying ttle tors, administrators, and assigns, who shall have paid or delivered subscrinfions11 inio the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, by the times or their contribution on or before the second day of July one herein specifi-thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be entitled to have ed> to be en* and receive, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred anifuifies^t an: l ninety-six, at the bank of England, the half year's annuities, ccr ajn pC_ aftsr the rate of three pounds per centum and of three pounds per riods. cerium, that shall become due on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that all and every perbn or persons who shall have completed the whole of his, her, or tkeir said payment or payments, on or before the seventh day of Gttober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth day of October one

b b b 4 thousand

7 20

Annuities payable at the bank.

The bank to appoint a cashier and accountant general, and the treasury to order money to be paid to the cashier.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the half year's annuity* after the rate of three pounds per centum, or five shillings and sixpence, or either of them, which by virtue of this act shall become due on such day respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable, and paid, and be transferrable at the bank of England; and, as to the said several annuities of three pounds per centum, of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

IX. And for the more easy and fur e payment ofall the several annuities established by this ah> be it further enacted, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of Englatid, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this

annuities* a<^ > and that ca^er or cashiers to whom the said moner

without delay, shall from time to time be issued, shall, from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer; aid that the said accountant general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in.order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

cdpTs^or^ X. it further enabled. That the cashier or cashiers of

subscriptions the governor and company of the bank of England^ who shallhive which may be received, or shall receive any part of the said contributions assigned be- towards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand fore^Sept. zz, p0uncjs> shall give a receipt or receipts in writing, to every such contributor for all such sums and exchequer bills, and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon Cashiertoglve rnac^e* at any time before the twenty-second day of September one security and to thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and no longer: provided pay money always. That such cashier or cashiers shall give security to the within 5 days good liking of any three or more of the of of thetrea-fntoYheex-fury* or l^e high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering chequer. and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the

publicly

and the accountant general to inspect his accounts.

7 21

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74.

publick use, all the monies and exchequer bills which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay and deliver all such monies and exchequer bills as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the farthefi, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the office of the account-^hook to be ant general of the governor and company of the bank of England accountant for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, general's of-in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; fice for enter-which book or books the said respective contributors, their respect-nS contribute executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall and ^plicat^of*may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to, which shall be and inspect, without any fee or charge; and that the said ac- transmitted to countant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one alitor of thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such contributors duly Contributors paying or delivering in exchequer bills for the whole sum so sub- ?aZrn^ scribed, at or before the respective times in this act limited in tions to be ? that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, fuc- entitled to ceftors, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be en- ^heirannuities titled by virtue of this act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said

several annuities by this act granted, in respect of the sum so subscribed out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for the payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, as well in respect of the said transfer-rable annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, as of five shillings and sixpence personnum., payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XIII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors Subscriptions who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said not com-cashier or cashiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and pleted, to be in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or forfeited, sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance

and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned; then, and in every such case, so much of the respective

sum

the bank.

7zz Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

sum or Turns To subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of, three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, and of five shillings and sixpence per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this acct contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

As soon as

XIV. And be it further enacted, That as Toon as any contri-are comT^ d tutors, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall they may be ^ave completed their payments of the whole sum payable by them transferred at respectively, towards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds the principal sum or Turns so by them subscribed and paid respectively, shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, -their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the several first mentioned annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of five shillings and sixpence per annum for sixty-three years and nine months, and then to cease; and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption of all the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of five shillings and sixpence per annum at the expiration of the said period of sixty-three years and nine months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. Treaf^rymay

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe nev Daidlnto" for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cailuer or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Accountant Great Britain in this present session of parliament, general to

XVII. And be it further enacted, That books shall be constantly keep books for kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein all assignmems or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards

Annuities to be deemed personal estate.

ney paid into the exchequer.

registerin,

transfers.

HcJsted by

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74* 723

the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds,

shall be entered and registered; which^ntry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing, under his or their hand and leal, or hands and seals, to be attested by iwo or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, That all persons pof- Stock may be sessed of any {hare or interest ineither of the said stocks of annui- ^7/^which ties, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by mu^ en_ will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but tered with the that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so accountant much of the said will as relates to such share, estate or interest, entrah in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the said. office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or Transfers not interest, in the said stocks of annuities shall go to the executors, to behable to administrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp duties stamp duty, whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out Treasury to of the monies arising- from the contributions towards raising the Cental said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds by annui- pences out of ties, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or contributions, the high treamrer for the time being, shall have power to discharge anc* to allow all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution and of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reason- accountant able, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be general, thought proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said cafhifr or caftiters, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and shall also have power to make out of the consolidated fund such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour, of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which The 3 per any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, ^this^ad in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said to be added to sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which the joint stock the said respective annuities first mentioned, after the rate of three of the 3 per pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum shall be attend- cents.confols.; ing, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an

and the 3 per cents.reduced to the joint stock of 3 per cents, reduced.

Annuities of 5s. 6d. to be added to the annuities for 99 and 98 years.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuity last mentioned after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities, transferable at the bank of Englandr, which by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities, after the rate of five shillings and sixpence per annum, to continue for a certain term of sixty-three years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and then to cease, to which any person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, shall be entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint stock with certain annuities which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the bank of England^or the respective terms of ninety-nine years and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two respectively, and then to cease; and which said respective annuities were consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by divers acts, made in the

reiga

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. 725

reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the same time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and so much money Annuities shall from time to time, continue to be set apart, and issued to* be

the receipt of the exchequer to the said cashier or cashiers of pajci out0fthe the bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay so consolidated much of the said annuities, after the respective rates of three fund, pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, or three pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of sixty-three years and nine months, from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and then to cease, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons coun-fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged so?Conor counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or assist in the forging or tributions, &c. counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any guilty offe-part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of iny*

seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or shall alter any number, figure or word therein; or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or anybody politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof con-vided in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the The bank to said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc- continue a cessors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their^nfthe^nn^i-own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or ties hereby any of them, {nail continue a corporation for the purposes of this granted cease. ad, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed

by parliament, or shall cease as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter cr thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or be^aken*for gratuity wf -tsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his receiving con. MajestyA; >jeds, for receiving or paying the said subscription tributions, or or conti ib on monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning n; same, or for paying the said annuities, or any oftransferring them, or.any transfer of any sum, great or final], to be made in penaRy Of 30I pursuanc A this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by u.^cng or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity,

72-6. Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 75, 76. [1795.

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXV.'And whereas, by an act^ ? made in the present session of parliament^ intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury are authorised to raise money, by loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding the amount of two millions and by another act of the same session, intituled An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the said of are authorised to raise a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding the amount of one million five hundred thousand pounds: and whereas the provisions of this act render it unnecessary to make life of any money

Treasury not that might be raised under the said acts: be it therefore enacted, That to make any it shall notbelawful for the said of of his Majesty's trea-ifiTuesof mo- fury to or for the officers of the exchequer to make any

to be raised idues of any money which might be raised under the authority of under 36 Geo. the said acts, or either of them, nor for the of of the

2.C. 29.&C. 30. treasury to cause the said exchequer bills to be applied in discharge of any services for which money has been or shall be granted by parliament, or of any extraordinary services incurred, or to be incurred, and not provided for by parliament.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall

[General issue.]

and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if.afterwards a verdi eft shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall aifeontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then Treble costs. such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for further continuing for a limited time, an act, made in the thirty-second year the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effc dual administration of the office of a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey* as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies/

[May 14, 1796.]

Ad 32, Geo. 3. c. 53, recited.  Continued for five years.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to indemnify all persons tvho have acted in consequence of orders in council, ijfuedfence the twenty-second day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the admission of certain

articles

727

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 76.

articles of merchandize in neutral ships; and to authorise the issuing orders in council for the like purpose, for a limited time,

[May

14, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aR, passed in the of,

intituled An act to make further provihon respecting ships 35 Geo. 3. c. 8o. and effects come into this kingdom, to take the benefit of his Majesty's orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days q{January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom; it was amongst other things enacted, That it should and might be lawful, at any time before the expiration of six calendar months after the passing of the said act, to permit, by order in council, ships or vessels, under the special circumstances of the case mentioned in the said act, to take the benefit of the said orders; and also of another act passed in the last fiession of parliament, intituled An act for rendering effectual his Majesty's or- and35 Geo. 3. ders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January recited* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the ad-million of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in consequence of such orders; and that all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the same, should be exempted from all forfeitures', and all persons who had a died or should aft. in' bringing in the same, or who had acted or fioould aft in pursuance of or according to any special order in council,

should be indemnified, and shoidd be released and discharged, in the same manner as is provided in the said last recited act respecting ships and vessels, and goods, wares, ?nerchandize, and effects, brought in ships or vessels entitled to the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five \ and that all such ships or vessels, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the same, shall be ad-onitted to the same privileges and advantages as to importation, ware-housing, or exportation, and should be liable to the payment of the same duties, and be entitled to the same drawbacks, and should be subject to the same conditions, rides, regulations, rejlrift ions, penalties, and forfeit tures, as are provided in the said first-mentioned act respecting ships and vessels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, that have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the said last mentioned act, or of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: <and whereas a number of ships and vejj'els have been admitted to an entry by order in council, made in virtue of the said first mentioned act, within the said six calendar ?nonths after the passing of the said act: and whereas, at the expiration of the said six months, it being found that many ships and vessels intending to take the benefit of the acts hereinbefore mentioned, were upon the sea, and had not yet arrived, and that the commerce of this kingdom had already been benefited by the admission of the aforesaid Jlnps and vessels, and would be Jlill further benefited by the admission of others in the manner herein-before mentioned;

orders in council have been issued to admit to an entry in

the

OO^ lC

728 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 76. [1795.

the ports of this kingdom, several other ships and vessels in the circumstances before mentioned, permitting such parts of the cargoes of such' ships and vessels as were intended for re-exportation to be ware-hcufed for re-exportation, and such parts thereof as may by law be sold in this kingdom, and were intended to be sold in this kingdom, to be entered, upon bond being given for payment of such duties as parliament might think proper to impose on the same: and whereas it is expedient that such last mentioned flips and vessels, with their cargoes, should be exempted from allforfeitures, and all persons who have aided or shall act in bringing in the same, or who have aided or shall aid in pursuance of or according tojiich special orders, ought to be indemnified: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Vessels admit- and by the authority of the same, That all such ships or vessels, ^toentrjr wjtj1 their cargoes, shall be exempted from forfeiture, and all council since persons who have acted or who shall act in bringing in the same, the expiration or who shall act in pursuance of or according to such orders if-of the first sued fmce the expiration of the said first mentioned act, shall be ^t'exem^ted indemn^ecU in t^ie ^ame manner as if such ships and vessels, fromfortei- their cargoes, had been entitled to take the benefit of the

ture, and per-said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of so6 acting January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in the bSemnified ^ame mar*ner as persons acting in pursuance of or according to &c. 9the said last mentioned orders have been exempted from forfeiture,

and indemnified by the said last mentioned act; and such last mentioned ships and vessels, with their cargoes, shall be considered as entitled to take the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and of the said last mentioned act, and as entitled to the same drawbacks, and as subject to the same duties, conditions, rules, regulations, restridhons, penalties, and forfeitures, as if such ships and vessels, with their cargoes, had been admitted to entry during the continuance of the said first mentioned adh

II. And whereas, under the special cir cum fiances of the commerce of Europe, and particularly of that of The United Provinces, it will be for the benefit of the commerce of this kingdom to continue to allow, for a further time to be limited, such ships and vessels described in the said act, as may not choose to return to the ports of The United Provinces, and also any other ships and vejf els belonging to persons of any country in amity with his Majesty, which are in search of a place wherein to depojit their goods, wares, and merchandize, to come to any of the ports of this kingdom, in the same manner as if such flips and vessels, with their cargoes, had been entitled to take the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of

January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore Vessels not enacted, That, until the twenty-second day of February one choosing to thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be rtturn to the lawful to admit, by order in council, such ships or vessels, under Pftr.ts ?p^e such special circumstances, to take the benefit of the said last vinces and" mentioned a di, and of the said orders in council of the sixteenth

and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 76, 729

and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred Vessels be-and ninety-five, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the same, shall be exempted from al! forfeitures, and {vjth

all persons who shall act in bringing in the same, or who shall his Majesty, act in pursuance of or according to any such order in council, may, by order shall be indemnified, and shall be released and discharged in the ed*Vi

same manner as is provided in the said laid mentioned act re- 1797,

spedling ships and vessels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and to take the effects, brought in ships or vessels entitled to the benefit of the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of ^mentioned January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all such ships and vessels, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the same, shall be admitted to the same privileges and advantages, as to importation, warehousing, or exportation, and shall be liable to the payment of the same duties, and be entitled to the same drawbacks, and shall be subject to the same conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are provided in the said first mentioned act reflecting ships and vessels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, that have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the said last mentioned act, or of the said orders in council of the Iixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, except in cases wherein any of the said duties or drawbacks have been altered by any act passed in the present session of parliament.

III. And whereas, by the first mentioned of the said acts, his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, is empowered, from time to time, to grant a commission or commissions, under the great seal of Great Britain, to three or more persons, authorising them to take info their possesson, and under their care, flips and cargoes described in the said act, and to manage, fell, and otherwise dispose of the same, in the manner therein directed: and whereas a commission has been granted by virtue of the said act to five persons, and doubts may arise 'whether a majority of the said of are authorised by law to do any act in execution of the powers thereby granted, without the presence and concurrence of the other of; be it further enacted, That every act, matter, or thing, done or per- Three of the formed, or ordered to be done or performed, in execution of the commission-powers granted in the said commission, by any three or more of the said of, shall be deemed and taken to have been, the first men-and shall be, equally valid, as if such aeft, matter, or thing, tioned att, had been done or performed, or ordered to be done or performed, maY a<^ > by the whole of the said of; and all and every person and persons who have done or performed, or shall do or perform, any act, matter, or thing, in obedience to or in pursuance of the same, shall be indemnified as if the same had been done or performed, or ordered to be done or performed, by the whole of the^t^e said of; and that any three or more of the said com- majority of missioners, and also that the majority of persons appointed in those wh'omay-any future commission to be granted by virtue of the said first be appointed mentioned act, shall have full power and authority to do and m an-v.^re Voh, XL. C c c perform, commi

73 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77, 78. [1795.

perform, and order to be done and performed, any act, matter* or thing, in execution of the said commissions respectively, which the whole of the of appointed therein may do and perform, or order to be done and performed, by virtue of the said hrft mentioned act and tlje said commissions respectively.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragenaeilt of the mackarel fishery/

[May 14, 1796.]

Act 35 Geo. 3. c. 54, recited. Bounties granted by the recited act to be paid by the officers' appointed to pay bounties under 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. and 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. who shall retain money to pay the charges of recited act.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for charging the duty on mahogany imported by weight [May 14, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament, 55 Geo. 3. c. \ V intituled An act for granting certain duties of customs on io, recited; the importation of fruit, fa 11 ad oil, vvaile silk, and timber, and on the exportation of British rock salt and coal, among other things a duty of one penny halfpenny the foot square, superficial measurey is imposed cn the importation of mahogany into the kingdom of Great Britain, and a drawback of the whole of the said duty is allowed on the exportation thereof from the said kingdom: and whereas difficulties have arisen in respect to the ascertaining the duty so imp of eel; and it is therefore expedient, as well for the benefit of the revenue, as the accommodation of the merchant, that the duty on mahogany should in future be charged\ and the drawback allowed, on the weight, instead of the superficial me afure thereof: be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present and instead of parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, drawback11 from and after the pading of this act, instead and in lieu of the

thereby grant* duty imposed on the importation, and the drawback allowed on ed ancLallow- the exportation of mahogany by the said recited act, the duty and ed on maho- drawback shall be reflectively as follows; (videlicet),

gany, the following to take place.

Mahogany of the growth of any of the Bahama 1  islands, and imported directly from thence, ?* the ton containing twenty hundred weight 3 Mahogany of the growth of the British) limits within the province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said bay, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Mahogany not imported directly from any of the Bahama islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any mahogany being of the growth of any other country or place, the ton containing twenty hundred weight

Duty.

Drawback.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 79. 731

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duty and

in case any mahogany has been imported since the passing of the diawback o said recited act, and such mahogany has not been delivered by the imported^ officers of the customs on payment of the duty thereby imposed, and not de-the same shall be charged with the duty, and shall on exportation livered to be be allo\ved the drawback according to this act. thiTad^ to

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties and drawbacks by this act respectively imposed drawbacks to and allowed, shall be raised, levied, ' cohered, paid, recovered, be levied and allowed, appropriated, and applied, in like manner, and under allowed as by such and the same rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and Bie reci*e^ forfeitures, as the duties on the importation, and the drawbacks ac s'

on the exportation of the several articles contained in the schedule referred to in the said recited act, are respectively now raised, ievied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited act.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for reducing the duty payable on black lead imported into this kingdom.

[May 14, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the more effectual preserving and encouraging the manufacture of black lead melting pots in this country, to reduce the duty payable on the importation into, and to alter the drawback allowable on, the exportation of foreign block lead from Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from The duty on and after the passing of this act, the duty to be paid on the impor- drawback tation, and the drawback to be allowed on the exportation, of on exporta-foreign black lead, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty- tion, osso-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An a cl reign black for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting leah fi^ed by other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, toge- cJ 13, repeal-iher ivilh the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permit- ed. ting the importation of centain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, (except as to the recovery and payment of arrears), and instead and in lieu thereof, the duty on the importation, and the ^id^dravX drawback on the exportation, of foreign black lead, shall be re- back, spectively as follows 3 videlicet,

Black lead the hundred weight

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duty and the duty and drawback by this act imposed and allowed, shall be ^a^ed\nd raised, levied, collected^ paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, paid^umler

C C c 2 and recited act.

Duty. Drawback.

 S. d. Ml-

I T

732 Anno regni tricesimo sexto GfcoRdn 111. c. 80, 81. [1795.

and applied, in like maliner, and under such and the same rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty on the importation, and the drawback on the exportation, of black lead are now raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited act.

CAP. LXXX.

' An act for repealing the stamp duties on licences to fell gloves and mittens

by retail.

[May 14, 1796.]

Acts 25 Geo. 3. c. 55. and 34 Geo. 3. c. 10, recited. Duties imposed by the first recited act on licences to vend gloves and mittens to ceaie.

[Preamble.]

35 Geo. 3. c. 119. and

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for allowing the importation of melasses from any country hi British ships or vessels, and in ships or vessels belonging to any fate in amity with his Majesty^for a limited time.

[May 14, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty, it is amongst other things enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that part of Great Britain called England; and from and after the seventeenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, until and upon the frfi day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; no low wines or spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or difiilled., from any wheat, barley, malt, or tilts, or any sort of coni or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the same: and whereas by an act passed in the present fef* v. ao, recited, fieri of parliament, intituled An a dr to continue, for a further limited time, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, (An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty; and to prohibit*the distillation of low wines or spirits from meladles, of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes/ the said recited act passed in the last fiffion of parliament, is further continued until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and all the fines, penalties, fors eitures, clauses, rnatters, and things, in the said act to prevent the dfi illation of low wines or spirits from wheat, and the several other articles therein enumerated, are extended to the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or difiillingy of low wives or spirits from melasses, of the manufacture of this kingdom,

36 Geo. 3.

733

Melaftes may he imported from any

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8r.

or from sugar or potatoes, or any mixture vjith the same r effectively: and whereas, for the benefit of the difiilleries of this kingdom, it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, //; <? importation of melasses from any country in Europe, not in the possessfon of his Majesty, in am ship or vessel belonging to Great Britain, or belonging to any kingdom cr fate in amity with his Majesty, subjtdi to the duty on foreign melasses, not of and from the British plantations in America, and to permit, during the continuance of the said recited acts, the importation of melasses from any country 'out of Europe, not in the possession of his Majfiy, in any British ship or vessel owned and navigated according to law, Or in any ship or vessel belonging to any hngdomor fate in amity with his Majesty, subject, to the duty on melasses of and from the British plantations in America $ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to import into this kingdom, country melasses from any country in Europe, not in the possession of in British his Majesty, and in any ship or vessel belonging to Great ^ifels'be* Britain, or to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, on iong*ing to payment of a duty of eleven shillings and nine-pence the hundred any state in weight; and during the continuance of the before-recited acts, amity with it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import Majesty*

t t y / r r r OH DlVITlCIlt

into this kingdom, melasses from any country out of Europe, not Of certain in the possession of his Majesty, in any British Qiip or vessel owned duties, and and navigated according to law, on payment of a duty of three to be allowed shillings the hundred weight; and also to import any melasses from any country out of Europe, not in the possession of his Ma- ex^ jesty, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, on payment of a duty of six shillings the hundred weight; and on the exportation according to law of such melasses imported from any country in Europe, not in the possession of his Majesty, there shall be allowed a drawback of eleven shillings and five-pence the hundred weight; and on the exportation according to law of such melasses imported in British-built ships, from any country out of Europe, not in the possession of his Majesty, there shall be allowed a drawback of two shillings and eight-pence the hundred weight; and on the exportation according to law of any melasses imported from any country out of Europe, not in the possession of his Majesty, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, there shall be allowed a drawback of five shillings and eight-pence the hundred weight.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, bMevied and paid, recovered, allowed, applied, and appropriated, in like man- allowed ner, and under such and the same rules, regulations, restrictions, agreeable to penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties on the importation, and Geo"*the drawback on the exportation of melasses, are respectively now c*l*

C G c 3 raised,

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3. c. 13.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82. [1795.

raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several duties of cujhms and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce and manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act more effi dually to prevent the landing of goods, wares, and merchandize, vjiihoiit the presence of the proper officer; to authorise officers of the cu/loms to convey wines laying on the quays to his Majesty's warehouse within a certain time after the landing thereof; 'and to require the owners of ships, vessels, and boats, licensed by the admiralty, to give security to redeliver their licences, in case any such snips, vessels, or boats, shall be lofi, broken up, or othenvije disposed of

[May 14, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom*, and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; it is among other things enacted, That all goods, wares, or merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain, with an intentfo be landed, except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious Jones, and builion, and ft e/h fifio, British taken and imported in British-^/7^ ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and regijhred according to law; and also except turbots and lobjers, hoiuever taken or imported; whether such goods, wares, or ?nerchandize, are or shall be liable to duty or not, shall be regularly entered at the cufom-house, and landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers who shall examine the same, and shall not deliver them out of his or their custody and possession, until he or they shall have taken a particular account of the quantity and species of such goods: and whereas the good purposes intended by the said act have been in many infiances deseated, and the revenue exposed\ to frauds, by the landing of goods without the presence of the proper officer; and it is therefore expedient that the said act should be amended, and that goods so landed, either on Sundays, holidays, or any other days, should be forfeited: be it therefore enacted by the King's mpfl: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal^ and commons, in this present parliament affem-

bledj,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82.

bled, and by the authority of the same, That if any goods, wares, No goods im-or merchandize, Imported or brought into- Great Britain^ (except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious stones, and builion, and fresh fl1;, nbe un-fish, British taken and imported in British-built ships cr vessels, shipped with* owned, navigated, and registered according to law and also out tht preexcept tuibots and jobfters, however taken or imported), whether lc>nce '1 fj)e r n, proper officer,

Jucn gooes, wares, or merchandize, are or mail be liable to duty Jon p^ilH]ty of

or not, shall be unshipped or landed without the presence of the forfeiture, proper officer of the customs, either on Sundays, holidays, or any other days, all such goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs,

II. And whereas by an act^ passed in the last session of parliament, 35 Geo 3 intituled An act for charging warehouse rent on wines, in cer- * IJk* tain cases, secured in his Majesty's warehouses; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China; and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom, officers of the customs are authorised to cany or convey to his Majesty's warehouses, for security of the duties, any wine that is not entered according to law, within twenty days from the time of the master making his report at the custom-house of the ship on board of which such wines Jh all have been imported: and whereas the importers, proprietors, or consignees of wine, are in the practice of making entries for the same, within the time prescribed by law, and letting such wine remain on the quays for a long time, without being removed, whereby the quays are much crouded, to the great inconvenience of trade and commerce, and impediment to the publick service; for the prevention thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the proper officer or officers Wine not re-of the customs or excise, at the expiration of ten days from and 10

after the landing thereof, to carry and convey such wines to any jandin^ may of his Majesty's warehouses, and before the same shall be deli- be ware-veredut of any warehouse or warehouses, the importer, pro- housed; and prietor, or consignee, of such wine, shall pay into the hands of before deli-the preper officers of customs and excise respectively, all duties the^du\eyeand, which shall be due thereon, and which shall remain unpaid, and 6d. a week per into tie hands of the proper warehouse keeper of customs or cask ware-excise warehouse rent, for such wine, at and after the rate six pence per week, for each and every cask or other package, ^re^0^et0 from the time of the same being warehoused, together with the be paid; costs, charges, and expences, attending the carrying of such wine, casks, and packages, to such warehouse or warehouses, or othewife relating to such wine, ca{ks, and packages; and if the ^oved^rom" imperter, proprietor, or consignee, shall neglect or refuse to take the warehouse such wine from such warehouse or warehouses within the space in 3 months, of tiree months, the same shall and may be sold to defray the naay be iold. said Juties, warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences incurred theeon; and the overplus shall be paid to the said importer, prcurietor, or consignee.

II. And whereas by an passed in the twenty-fourth year of fhereign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more ef- Geo. 3. fedial prevention of ffiiuggling in this kingdom, and several other 2* c*

c c c 4 aflS)

736 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82. [1795.

acts, certain ships, vessels, and beats, therein particularly defer ibed, are in certain cases subject to forfeiture, unlsfs the oiuner thereof shall have a licence, <75 therein dsferibed and directed, y#r navigating the same from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commifon-ers of the admiralty for the time being, or any person authorised by them to grant the f ime: and whereas the owner of every ship, vefel, or boaty so lice iff is required to give certain security, <25 z/z the said acts directed, before such ship, vejje!, or boat, proceeds to sea, or fails out of any port, harbour, <?r creek, in this kingdom: and whereas it is expedient that, 0-z/*r rf/w? the security in the said acts directed,

further security shouli be given by bond, r; z manner directed by the said act s, by the said owner, before any such vessel shall proceed to Jea, <?r fad out of any port, harbour, 0; //; ir kingdom, that on

any fuel ship, vessel, or boat, being loft, broken up, jold, or otherwise disposed of the said licence, so granted as aforesaid, fail be delivered up to the person or persons by whom such security fall have been taken, Ar'j or ffezr successors in office, in order that the same may

be cancelled within the /pace of three months from the time any such fip, vessel, or boat, fall have been loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Owners of That, from and after the passing of this act, the owner of every Vu^fuantl; o^e^ vessel, or boat, which shall be licensed in pursuance of the

laflmentioned a<3s> or either of them, {bail, before any such ship, veiled, act, to give or boat, shall proceed to sea, or fail out of any port, harbour, bond, that if or creek, in this kingdom, give security by bond, (over and &cytheUft' abve the fecu rity directed by the said acts), in the manner du cence shall be re<^ed therein respectively, that in case any such ship, vessel, or delivered up. boat, shall be loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of, every such licence shall be delivered up to the person or persons by whom such security shall have been taken, or to his or their successors in office, in order that the same may be caicelied, which he or they are hereby authorised a'nd required to do, within the space of three months from the time any such ship, vessel, or boat, shall be loft, broken up, fold, or otlerwife disposed of; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary h anywise notwithstanding.

Commission-

IV. Provided always, That although any licence granted in ers of customs pUrfLiance of the said acts may not be delivered up to bt can-

TTY! TT nf T* TT*- J 1

time direct celled within the time specified in this act, it shall and m\y be licences to be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's culloms in Eng-cancelled. land, or any four or more of them, or the of o' his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of hem, and they are hereby authorised respectively, in case they feesufficient cause, at any time, to diredf the person or persons by whom security shall have been taken from the owner or owters of any ship, vessel, or boar, to whom such licence, shall fyve been granted, to receive such licence, and cancel such seeing

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. S3. 737

CAP. LXXXIII.

An 1uJfor the further support and maintenance of curates within the church of England, and for making certain regulations r type cling the appointment of such curates, and the admission of persons to cures augmented by fftueen Anne's bounty, with respect to the avoidance of other benefices.

[May 1-4, 17 <76.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, in and by a statute taffed in the twelfth yea'

of the reign of ffucen Anne, it is enacted, That if any rector or IZ Ann-, Hat. vicar, having cure of fouls, shoidd, after the twenty ninth of Septem- 2. c. 12. ber one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, nominate and present any curate to the bishop or ordinary, to be licensed or admitted to serve the cure of such re (dor or vicar in his absence, the Jald bishop or ordinary, having regard to the greatness of the cure, and the value of the ecclesta(liccl benefices of such red or or vicar, should, on or before the granting such licence, appoint, by writing under his hand and fed, a sufficient certain stipend or iallowance, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum nor leys than twenty pounds per annum, to be paid or answered at such times as he should think fit, by finch rector or vicar to such -curate, for his support and maintenance; and if it should appear to the bishop or ordinary, upon complaint or otherwise, that any curate of such -rector or vicar, licensed or admitted before the twenty-ninth <?/ September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, had not a sass dent maintenance, it should be lawful for thefa id bishop or ordinary to appoint him a certain stipend or allowance in like manner as before mentioned; and in case any difference should arise between any rector or vicar and his curate, touching such stipend or allo wance, or the payment thereof the bishop or ordinary, on complaint to him made, should fnmmnrily hear and determine the same; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay such stipend or allowance, might fequefler the profits of such benefice for and until payment thereof: and whereas in many places the provision made, in and by the said statute, for the support and maintenance of such curate is now become insufficient be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the bishop or ordinary to appoint under ap^ointTItE his hand and seal any stipend or allowance for any curate hereto- pend to cu-fore nominated or employed, or hereafter to be nominated or era- rates, of 75l. ploved, not exceeding seventy-five pounds per annum, over and fheufeof the besides, on livings where the rector or vicar does not personallyrefide parsonage four months in the year atleast, the use of the redory or vicarage house in&a house, and the garden and stable thereunto belonging, such use to be certain case,

granted to the said curate for the space of twelve calendar months or ailra^Rw" o'1 sqcc for it

by the authority of the bishop or ordinary, under his hand and

seal, with power in the said bishop or ordinary to renew the grant from time to time, or a further sum not exceeding fifteen pounds per annum, in lieu of such house, garden and stable, in case there shall be none such, or it shall appear to the bishop or ordinary not to be convenient to allot and assign the same to such

curate

73^ Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83. [1795.

curate; which laid stipend or (Upends shall be paid and recovered in such and the same manner as the stipend payable under and by virtue of the said reefed 3.6b: provided always, That the said house, garden, and liable, shall be for the use of the said curate and his family only during his abfual residence in the said rectory and vicarage house.

the house mf ^lovl^ec^ be it further enacted, That the bi-

be^revokecT.1^ &0P or ordinary (bail have power, at any time, under his hand and leal, to revoke the grant to the said curate of the said house, garden, and stable, or any of them; and also to insert in such grant such terms and conditions to be observed on the part of the; curate as he shall think reasonable; and also that the curate shall peaceably deliver up the possession of the premises granted to him at the expiration or other sooner determination of the grant Penalty on thereof; and in case he shall refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and ltu ^el*verin^ lfe to rector or vicar all such parts of his (bipend as shall U^' then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due, and also the sum

of fifty pound, to such rector or vicar, and which shall be reco- verable in an ablion of debt, i Geo. i. stat. U J. And whereas by an act passed in the first year of his late most c*I0, gracious majesty King George the First, it was enacted, That all churches, curacies, and chapels, which should be aug?nenied by the governors of the late Fpueen Anne's bounty, should be from thenceforth perpetual cures and bene fees: and whereas it is expedient that such augmented churches, curacies, and chapels, should be subject to the jame rules as benefices with respeSi to the avoidance of other bene fees; be mented^lt ^urt^er ena<^ed> That such augmented churches, curacies, and Queen Anne's chaPe^s5 (hah be considered in law as benefices presentative, so as bounty, to that the licence thereto shall operate in the same manner as insti-

be deemed tution to such benefices, and shall render voidable other livings

beneficespre-n y{^e manner as institution to the said benefices; and that it th^Officiating ^e for the bishop or ordinary within whole jurisdiction

curate may such augmented church, curacy, or chapel, shall lie, to appoint.have a like under his hand and seal any stipend or allowance for the officiate stipend. ing curate to be nominated or employed by the perpetual curate or incumbent thereof, not exceeding seventy-five pounds per annum, for which payment the said curate shall have the same and like remedies as are herein-before given to the curates of reblors and vicars.

W. And whereas doubts have been lately entertained, whether the acceptance of such augmented churches, curacies, and chapels, has rendered voidable in law such other benefices as the incumbents possessed before their acceptance of the same: and whereas it is fit that many incumbents who have accepted such churches, curacies, and chapels, should be quieted in the possession of the benefices they enjoyed before Benefices held the acceptance of the same: it is hereby enabled and declared, That e^cureOtoOe benefices as were held in conjunction with augmented

held by the cures before the passing of this act, shall continue to be held by presentin- the present incumbents therewith; and that it shall not be lawful cumbjpnts. t<? present to the said benefices until they shall become void or

voidable

7 39

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 84, 85.

voidable by death or cession, or by other lawful cause of avoidance, arising after the passing of this act.

V. And whereas many perpetual curacies, although not augmented ..by the bounty of Queen Anne, have nevertheless become confder able if. value by the improvement of the tythes or glebe of which they happen to be endowed, or by other circum/lancei; be it further enacted,

That the bishop or ordinary within whole jurisdiction they lie, Bishop or or-shall have the like power, and under the like limitations, and with dinary may the like remedies, in apportioning the stipends to be paid to the^of

said officiating curates by the curates or incumbents of perpetual ficiating cu-curacies, as is herein-before given respecting the apportionment rates ofperpe-of the Stipends to the curates employed in perpetual cures aug- tual curacies mented. \.td.

VI. And whereas it is expedient that the authority of ordinaries to license curates, and to remove lie erf eel curates, should be further explained., enlarged, and confirmed; be it enacted and declared, That it 9i'dinaryn1ay shall be lawful for the ordinary to license any curate who is or shall be actually employed by the rector, vicar, or other incum* though no bent of any parish church or chapel, although no express nomi- nomination nation of such curate shall have been made, either in words or in shall have been writing, to the ordinary by the said rector, vicar, or other in-^thefficurn cumbent; and that the ordinary shall have power to reyoke, j, ent, and may iummariiy and without process, any licence granted to airy curate revoke any employed within his jurisdiction, and to remove such curate for licence, sub-such good and reasonable cause as he shall approve; subject, ne- to^h^a^ch^ vertheless, to an appeal, as well in the case of a grant of a licence bishop of the to a curate who has not been nominated, as in the revocation of a province* licence granted to a curate; such appeal to be made, in either case, to the archbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act:, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or comm i Hioners of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty.fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on hor'es ler to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as Should be willing to contract for the same.

[May 14, 1796.]

Ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26, recited. From August i, 1796, the treasury may let to farm the duties on post horses separately in districts. No contract to be made to continue beyond the Feb. i, ioqf

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for the better regulation of mills.

[May 14, 1796.

WHEREAS the laws now in being for the regulation of mills preamble.

have been found deficient and ineffectual: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven From July r* hundred and ninety-six, every miller or other person keeping a mill796, a ba-

in osted by

weights to be kept in every corn mill, (which may be examined by the persons appointed undtr 35 Geo. 3. c. 102.), on penalty of 20s.

Proviso ns of

35 Geo. 3* c. 102. to

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85. [1795.

for the grinding of corn, shall have in such mill a true and equal balance, with proper weights, according to the standard of the exchequer 3 and any person or persons appointed by virtue of an atf, passed in the last session of parliament intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of safe and unequal balances, to examine the weights and balances within his or their respective counties, ridings, liberties, and divisions, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby author rifed snd required to examine such balances and weights, and to proceed with respect: to them in the same manner as is provided in the said atft with respedi to weights and balances'; and every miller, or other person as aforesaid, in whose mill shall be found no balance or weights, shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding twenty shillings, and every miller, or other person as aforesaid, in whose mill shall be found any weight or weights not being extend to this according to the standard in the exchequer, or any false or unequal balance or balances, and all persons obstruesting, hindering, or refitting such persons in viewing and examining the same;, shall be liable to be proceeded against, and shall forfeit and pay the like penalties, as any person 'committing the like offences against the provisions of the said act would be respectively liable to.

enacted, That every person or persons to be brought any corn to any mill to the miller or other person acting for him, or keeping the mill, to weigh, in his or her presence, such corn before it shall be ground, and after it shall be ground may' require the miller or 01 her person as aforesaid to weigh, in his or her presence, the produce of the corn so ground; and if any miller or other person as aforesaid shall refuse so to weigh the said corn, he shall be liable to forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every miller, or other person keeping a mill for grinding corn, shall, after grinding any corn, deliver to the person who brought or caused such corn to be brought, if such person shall require the same, the whole quired, allow- produce of such corn in weight, allowing for the diminution in ing for waste weight that shall have been c;

Millers to weigh corn, if required, before and after ground, on penalty of 40s.

Millers to deliver the whole produce of corn when ground, if re-

II. And be it further who shall bring or cause be ground, may require

caused by the waste in grinding, and

toll is herein after allowed to be

r by taking toll, in cases where on penalty or J t?*,

is. per bushel taken; and if such corn shall be drehed into flour, then the whole for the deft- produce in weight, allowing for the diminution in weight that shall have been caused by the waste in grinding and dressing, and by taking toll as aforesaid; and if such corn, on being weighed after grinding, or, after grinding and dressing, shall appear to weigh less than such full weight, after allowing for the diminution aforesaid, as the case may be, such miller shall, for every bushel of corn so deficient in weight, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding one shilling, and also treble the value of such deficiency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in cases where toll is herein after allowed to be taken, such quantity of corn as the miller shall be lawfully entitled to deduct by way of toll for

grinding

ciency, and treble the value.

Toll to be deducted from corn before it be put into the mill.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85. 741

grinding of the same, shall be deducted before the said corn shall be put into the mill.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no mil- JutmoneyTto ler, or other person keeping a mill for grinding corn, shall de- betaken for mand or take any part of the corn brou the produce of such corn when ground, ment, but in lieu thereof he shall be enti in lawful money of Great Britain; and every miller or other no money. person as aforesaid who shall demand or take any part of the corn brought to be ground, or of the produce of such corn when ground, by way of toll for payment, shall for every such offence be liable to forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds: provided always, That where any person who has brought or caused to be brought anvcorn to be ground shall not have money to pay for grinding the same, it shall be lawful for the miller or other person as aforesaid, with the consent of the person bringing the same, or causing it to be brought, to take such part of the produce of such corn as will be equal to the money price expressed in the table of prices for grinding such corn, as herein after required: provided also, That nothing in this clause contained, shall Ad not to extend or be construed to extend, to the ancient mills, commonly extend to called Soke Mills, or to such other ancient mills where the right and obligation of the possessors of the same to grind corn for particu- take toll has lar persons, or within particular districts, and to take a fixed and been establifa-certain toll for grinding* have been established by ancient custom, and the law of the land, but that such mills shall continue an aw* to take toll in the same quantity, and in the same manner, as they have been used and accufcomed to do under the authority aforesaid,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Millers to put day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, every up in their miller, or other person, who shall grind for hire or toll, shall prices* on cause to be put up in some conspicuous place in his mill, and penalty of 20s. renew when necessary, in fair and legible characters, a table of the prices in money, or of the amount of toll or multure, for which the several operations of his mill* are to be performed respectively; and every miller, or other person, as aforesaid, who shall omit to set up and keep fair and legible such a table, shall be liable to forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings for every such offence.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Act not to thins in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, extend to pri*

o*s v'ltf* mills

to any mills kept for the private use of the proprietor or occupier only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every penalty and forfei- Recovery and ture imposed by this act shall and may be recoverable before any application one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, otPena ue*' division, or place, where the offence shall be committed, upon conviction, or contession of the party, or on the oath of one or

more credible witness or witnesses; and such penalty and forfeiture shall be levied by warrant under the hand and leal, or

hands

ghi to be ground, or of toll, on pe-by way of toll for pay- naltT * 5* tied to demand payment hit

Appeal may

be made to the quarter fdliojas.

Judgements not remove -able.

Limitation of informations.

Form ofcon-vision.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. 85. [1795.

hands and Teals, of such justice or justices, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending; and the penalty and forfeiture, when so levied, shall be paid one moiety to the informer, ano the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, and the overplus (if any), after the coifs of such conviction and distress and sale are deducted, shall be returned to the party or parties offending; and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalty-and forfeiture, and the said costs and charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his or their brand and feai, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the Laid penalty and forfeiture, and costs and charges, shall respectively be sooner paid and satisfied: provided always, That in case any person or persons Thai] find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice or justices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, division, or place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice or justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices, at their quarter sessions as aforesaid, to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet, and no such judgement or conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any court whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any information for any offence committed against this a Cl shall be laid before one or more justice or justices of the peace, within ten days after the fakl offence has been committed, and that otherwise such information shall be of no effeCl.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such conviction before one or more justice or justices may be made in the following form:

1 to wit.

>E it remembered, That on the day of.in the year

A.B. was, upon the complaint of C.D. convinced before of the justices of the

peace for in pursuance of an act passed in the

thirty-six th year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for [or as the case may be]. Given under hand and feai,

the day and year above written.'

Which conviction shall be certified to the next general quarter sessions, there to be filed amongst the records of the county, riding, or division;

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. 743

[Publick act.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

and 4-Car c. 36.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act to prevent abuses andfrauds in the paeking, weighty andfate of butter; and to repeal certain acts relating thereto.

[May 14,

1796.]

WHEREAS, to prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, Preamble-weighty and sale of butter, various provisions tv ere made, by a fatute, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second., and intituled An act for-re- 1 forming of the abuses commited in the weight and false packing z of butter; and by another Statute^ made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and ^ueen Mary, and intituled An act to and Will. $c prevent abuses committed by the traders in butter and cheese: Mary, c. 7, and whereas the provisions of the said two statutes are found to be de- recited* fcftive and inefficient; and therefore it may be expedient to make neiv regulations in respect to the paeking, weighty and sale of such butter be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every cooper, or other person Regulation* who shall make any vessel for the packing of butter, shall make for making the same of good and well seasoned timber, and tight, and not nacklnetf leaky, and shall grove in the heads and bottoms thereof; and Gutter, every vdfel which shall be made for the packing of such butter shall be a tub, firkin, or half firkin, and no other; and every tub, firkin, and half firkin, shall, at the time the same shall be delivered out of the possession of the cOoper, or other person making the same, be of the weight and proportion, and capable of containing the several quantities of butter herein after mentioned; (that is to say). Every tub shall weigh of itself, including the top and bottom, not less than eleven pounds, and not more than fifteen pounds avoirdupois weight; and neither the top nor the bottom of any such tub shall be more than five eighth parts of an inch in thickness in any part thereof; and every such tub shall be capable of containing eighty-four pounds avoirdupois weight of butter, and not less: every firkin shall weigh of itself, including the top and bottom, not less than (even pounds, and not more than eleven pounds, avoirdupois weight; and the top and bottom of each such firkin shall not be more than four eighth parts of an inch each in thickness in any part thereof; and every such firkin shall be capable of containing fifty-six pounds avoirdupois weight of butter, and not less: and every half firkin, shall weigh of itself, including the top and bottom thereof, not less than four pounds, and not more than six pounds, avoirdupois weight; and the top and bottom thereof shall not be more than three, eighth parts of an inch each in thickness in any part thereof; and every

half

r44

Penalty of xos. for each vessels made contrary to the above directions. Vessels to be branded with the name of the maker and the weight, ou penalty of ios.

Directions for packing of butter;

Penalty of 5l. for not conforming to them.

Quantities to be packed in each vessel.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. [1795.

half firkin shall be capable of containing twenty-eight pounds avoirdupois weight of butter, and not Jess; upon pain and penalty^ that the cooper, or other person or persons who (hah make any such vessel in any respect contrary to the directions aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such vessel, so made contrary to the directions aforesaid, the sum of ten shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That every cooper, or other person making a vessel for packing such butter as aforesaid, before suffering any such vessel to go out of his possession, shall, on the bottom of such vessel, on the outside, with _an iron, brand his christian name and his surname at length., and in permanent and legible letters, to denote that it is the mark of the cooper or maker of the vessel, together with the exact weight or tare thereof, or in default thereof, for every such offence shall forfeit and pay, for every such vessel not marked according to the directions aforesaid, the sum of ten shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That every dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other person who shall pack any butter for sale, shall pack the same in veflbls so made and marked as aforesaid, and no other, and shall properly soak and season every vessel wherein he shall pack any butter, before the packing thereof; and when such vessel shall have been so soaked and sea-foned, shall on the bottom thereof, on the inflde, and on the top of every such vessel, on the outside, with an iron, brand his christian name and his surname at length, in permanent and legible letters; and shall also, with an iron, brand on the top, on the outside, and on the bouge or body of every such vessel, the true weight or tare of such empty vessel, when the same shall have been soaked and seasoned; and shall also, with an iron, brand his christian name and his surname at length, in permanent and legible letters, on the bouge or body of every such vessel, across two different (laves at lead, to prevent such staves from being taken out and changed; and also shall distinctly, and at length, imprint his christian name and surname upon the top of the butter contained in every such vessel when so filled; upon the pain and penalty that every dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other person who shall offend in packing butter for side, in any vessel not made and marked by the cooper or maker thereof as aforesaid, or not soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding the weight of such vessel, after the same shall be so soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding his christian name and surname at length on every such vessel as aforesaid, or in not imprinting his christian name and surname on the butter packed therein as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other person who shall pack any butter for sale, shall pack in every tub, firkin, and half firkin, (exclusive of the tare of the calk or vessel,) the several and respective quantities of good and merchantable butter herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) in every tub eighty-four pounds averdupois weight

net,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. 746

net, and not less, (besides the tare of the cask,) of good and merchantable butter; in every firkin fifty-six pounds avoirdupois weight net, and not less, (besides the tare of the cask,) of good and merchantable butter; and in every half firkin twenty-eight pounds avoirdupois weight net, and not less, (besides the tare of the cask,) of good and merchantable butter; and that no butter tc*

which is old or corrupt shall be mixed or packed up into any tub, J firkin, or half firkin whatsoever, with any butter which is new and found; nor shall any whey butter be packed or mixed with 3ny butter that is made of cream, but the said respective forts of butter shall be packed up severally and apart by themselves, and shall not be mixed one with another; and every tub, firkin, or half firkin, of butter, shall be of one fort and goodness throughout such tub, firkin, or half firkin; and that no butter shall be salted with nor salted any great salt, but all butter shall be salted and saved with small Sreat

fine salt; nor shall more salt be intermixed with the butter than shall be needful for it's preservation; upon pain and penalty that fevery dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other such person as aforesaid, who shall offend, by not putting up in each tub, firkin, and half firkin, of butter to be sold, or to be exposed to sale respectively, such quantities as aforesaid, or by mixing butter. Penalty of 5I; or faking it contrary to the directions aforesaid, shall for everycr each-offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds. offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any change, alteration, Penalty of

fraud, or deceit shall be made, used, or practised, by any farmer, 3ok for any dairy man, and feller of butter, or factor for the sale or buying of butter thereof, or any other person or persons whomsoever, either in the 9

vessel wherein butter shall be packed for sale as aforesaid, or in

the butter itself therein contained, whether in quantity, quality, weight, or otherwise, or in any of the brands or marks directed to be placed on such vessel as aforesaid, or in any of the fbaves whereon such brands or marks fhrdl be placed, or in any other manner howsoever, after the packing of any butter for sale in any such vessel as aforesaid, all and every person or persons who shall be concerned in making any such change, alteration, or in using or practising such fraud or deceit, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of thirty pounds.

VI. And to the intent that the benefit intended by this act may be extended with full effetl to all persons who do either cut out butter by

retail or expend it, be it further enacted, That every cheesemonger, The full dealer in butter, or other person or persons who shall fell to any quantity of person or persons any tub or tubs, firkin or firkins, half firkin or bu tter to be half firkins of butter, shall deliver in every such tub, firkin, and yefiCh!^ m half firkin, the full and due quantity appointed by this act, and not less, or in default thereof shall be liable to make satisfaction Satisfaction to the person or persons who shall buy the same for what shall be

may be reco- vered with

wanting, according to the price for which the same was fold; and shall be liable to an action on the case for recovery of such cofcs. satisfaction, together with costs of suit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no cheesemonger, dealer Penalty of 5l. in butter, or other person or persons whomsoever, shall repack Packing Vol. XL. Den form an> Vc c

746

butter for laic again

for Britifa butter under certain restrictions.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. [1795.

for sale any butter in any such tub, firkin, or half firkin as aforesaid, upon pain and penalty that every cheesemonger, or other person or persons, who shall repack any butter into any tub or tubs, firkin or firkins, or half firkin or half firkins, to sell the same again, shall, for every tub, firkin, or half firkin, so repacked, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

Foreign but- V

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ter may here*n t^s a<q. contained shall extend to make any cheesemonger, or vessels used dealer in butter, or other person or persons whomsoever, liable to any of the penalties of this act, for using any of the tubs, firkins, or half firkins aforesaid, after the British butter packed in such vessels shall have been taken thereout, for the re-packing for sale of any foreign butter, as do and shall, before he, she, or they* so repack such foreign butter, entirely cut out or efface the several names of the original dairy man, farmer, or feller of butters from and out of every such vessel leaving the name and tare of the cooper, and the tare of the original dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter thereon; and after the names are so taken out and efe faced, do and shall, with an iron, brand his, her, or their christian name and surname, or christian names and surnames, in words at length, and the words u foreign butter" in permanent and legible letters, upon the bouge or body of every such vessel or vessels, across two (laves at least, to denote that such butter is foreign butter.

IX. And whereas divers frauds and abuses are daily praflifed in the sale of butter, in counterfeiting and forging the names and marks of owners and farmer sy ayid of particular dairy men up07i vessels wherein butter is paeked: for preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That if any person shall be hereafter convicted of counterfeiting or forging any of the names or marks of any such owners, farmers, or dairy men, as aforesaid, ' or of causing the same, or any of them, or any part thereof, to be counterfeited or forged, the person or persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every offence and offences committed against, or alledged to be committed against this act, the mode of determining which is not herein-before prescribed, and where the penalty for the offence shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, shall be inquired of, sued for, heard, and determined before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, borough, town, liberty, or division, wherein such offence shall be committed, or alledged to be committed; and upon proof thereof, by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, before such justice or justices, the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred shall or may be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or justices, the overplus (after deducting the charges of distraining and costs) being to be rendered to such offender; and that such penalties and forfeitures shall be to the life of the informer or informers; and that in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not

Penalty of 40l. for counterfeiting names or marks of farmers, on vessels,

Recovery and application of penalties, not exceeding 5k

74 7

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86.

not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for fugh justice or justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his hand and seal or their hands and seals, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-eight days, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be foorler fully paid and satisfied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this act shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following*(that is to say).

to wit.

1 T> E it remembered, That on this day of Form of

' j X3 A.B. is convicted before conviction,

of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace for the said county of [or} for the riding or

division of the said county of or, for the city,

liberty, or town of as the case shall happen to bej

For that the said A.B. on [time of committing offence,] at [place of committing offence,] did [here fate the offence againf the add according to the fasts\ contrary to the form of the statute in that case made and provided.; and the said adjudge him or her

to pay and forfeit for the said offence the sum of Given under my hand and seal, [or our hands and seals,] the day and year first above mentioned/

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form aforesaid, to mjtted to the

be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next quarter fef-

general or quarter section of the peace to be holden for the county, hons, who

riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, wherein such con- m^deter-

vition was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the mmQ aPPea s*

said general or quarter section; and in case any person or persons

so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices, to the said general or quarter section, the justices in such

general or quarter section are hereby required, upon receiving

the said conviction, drawn Up in the form aforesaid, to proceed

to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal,

according to the directions of this act; any law, custom, or usage,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Appeal may person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any determination of any justice or justices of the peace, who mall at any time at in pursuance of the power to him <or them given by this at, it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons to appeal to the next general or general quarter section of the peace to be holden for the county or place where the said offence shall be committed or alledged to be committed, and the justices assembled, preftding at such general or

DDD2 general

Convictons not to be set aside for want of form, nor removeable

General issue may be pleaded.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. [1795.

general quarter session, are hereby empowered to award costs to either party, as to them shall seem meet in respect of such appeal,

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such conviction made, or judgement given as aforesaid, shall be set aside by the said court of general of general quarter session for want of form, if the material facts alledged in such conviction or into any court judgement, and on which the same shall be grounded, be proved at We it min- to the satisfaction of the said court: nor shall any such convic-er' tion or judgement, or any order or proceedings of the said court,

be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster y any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding. Recovery and

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such fines, penalties, application of and forfeitures, imposed by this act, as amount to more than the

ceedings 1X" ^urn ^ve Pounc^s? for anc^ recovered by action of

s*debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster respectively; and that every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, last mentioned, shall be to the use of him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the same, with costs of suit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done in pursuance or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his or their defence or de>-fences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffor plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judge-.meat shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendantor defendants shall have double costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the packing of butter in any

not more than pot or other vessel which shall not be capable of containing more 34-lb. than fourteen pounds avoirdupois weight of butter.

XVII. Provided always, That every information, prosecution, or suit, which shall be laid or brought for any offence committed against this act, shall be commenced within four months after the offence committed.

XVIII. And whereas an act was made in the ninth year of King George the First^ intituled An act for the better preventing abuses committed in weighing and packing of butter in the city of York: and whereas another act was made in the seventeenth year of King George the Second, intituled An act to prevent the committing of abuses in the weighing and packing of butter in the town and borough of New Mahon, in the county of York: and whereas another act was made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing a market at Milford, intituled An act to enable sir William Hamilton, knight of the most honourable order of the bath, his heirs and assigns, to make and provide qu^ys,

dock*

Act not to extend to vessels.containing

Limitation of actions.

Certain; recited

idle

749

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

dock, piers, and other erections, and to establish a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto respectively, within the manor of Huberston and jFV//, in the county of Pembroke: and whereas all the said three several aids last mentioned contain a clause referring to the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth of Charles the Second\ and to the penalties in the same aid; be it further enacted, That so and so much much of the said act of the ninth of King George the First, and of thereof as re-the said act of the seventeenth of King George the Second, and of the said act of the thirtieth of his present Majesty, respectively, as, 3 & I4. Car. severally refers to the said act of King Charles the Second, and 2. or as men-also so much of the same three several acts respectively as men- ^ons Pots tions pots of butter, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed^re" but the same three several acts respectively, in other respects, shall be and remain as if this act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall com- Ad to commence and begin to be in force on the first day of July in the year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and from andimme- x'& J4 gar

diately after the commencement of this act the said statute of the 2. and part

thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the ot Will. So

Second, and also so much of the said statute of the fourth year of MarT be.j repealed,

the reign of King William and Queen Mary y as aifcharges any 1

person from the effect of any part of the said act of the thirteenth

and fourteenth of King Charles the Second, expressed to be for

preventing any fraud in the feller of butter, after the factor or

buyer hath contracted for the same, shall be, and the same are

and is hereby repealed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- not to

thing contained in this act shall extend to that part of Great \

Bnlain called Scotland. Scotland-

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers*

[May 14,

1796.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-ninth year ^/'Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for fur-^eo' ther regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers, which was 3*r5 Geo. 3. to be in force for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the c. 52. and then next session of parliament: and whereas, by an act passed in the 33 Geo. 3. c. thirty-first year of the reign of his present Alajefy, the said act of the recited. twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty % vas continued for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: andwhereasy by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said act passed in the twenty^ ninth year of his present Alajeffs reign was in part repealed, andy subject to such repeal, continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas the fold act of the twenty-ninth year of his present Majestfs reign requiresfome amendments, altera-tions, and additions; and it would be convenient for the magistrates, and beneficial to the pawnbrokers and the publicky if the powers of the

75 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

said act, with such amendments, alterations, and additions as are itequi-site, were consolidated and reduced into one act of parliament, to be in force for a limited time: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said acts, passed in the twenty-ninth, thirty-hrft, and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers, shall be, and the same are hereby declared From expira- to be in full force and effect until the expiration of the present tion of the section of parliament; and from and after such expiration this act tMs to^be0 commence and take effect in lieu and in dead thereof, and be putin execu- Put ln execution for and during the term of three years, and Prom tion for three thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, years.

II. And be it further enacted, That, upon and from the com-

Pawnbrokers rnencement of this abt, it shall be lawful for all persons using and exercising the trade and business of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every person and persons applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned dr pledged with such pawnbroker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the same $ videlicet,

allowed to take the following rate for profit.

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum not exceeding two shillings and sixpence, the sum of one halfpenny, for any time during which the said pledge shall remain in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the same for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent the sum of five shillings, one penny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten shillings, two-pence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve shillings and sixpence, two-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen shillings, three-pence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen shillings and sixpence, three-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent one, pound, four-pence; and so on progressively and in proportion for any sum not exceeding forty shillings:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum of money exceeding forty shillings^ and not exceeding forty-two shillings, eight-pence;

And,

1

tested

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. 751

And for every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum exceeding forty-two shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of three-pence, and no more, for the loan of every twenty shillings, for all such money so lent, by the calendar month, including the current month; and so in proportion for any fradional sum:

Which said several sums shall be taken in lieu of, and as a full-satisfaction for, all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pawnbrokers in all cases where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or rates, f.u3rj: her pledge shall exceed the sum of two shillings and sixpence, and g

not exceed the sum of forty shillings, the person lending the same shall and may take, by way of profit as aforesaid, at and after the rate of four-pence, and no more, for the loan of twenty shillings by the calendar month, including the current month as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all kimitin^the cases where the party or parties entitled to and applying for the QSf or redemption of goods pawned, within the space of (even days after month.

the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shall have been pledged, be, foe, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem the same, without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said (even days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed; and that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first seven days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, she, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem such goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; but that in all cases where the party or parties so inti tied, and applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration, of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole second month; and that the like regulation and restricftion shall take place and be in force in every subsequent calendar month wherein application shall be made'for reedeming goods pawned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pawns to be all and every person and persons who, from and after the com- ooks^ mencement of this act, shall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or'exchange, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding five shillings,

shall forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any money upon such pawn or pledge, enter or cause to entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he, she, or they shall receive in pawn* pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name of the person or persons by whom, such goods or

752 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and the name of the (Ireet, and number of the house, if the same shall be said to be numbered, where such person shall abide, and whether such person or persons is or are a lodger in, or the keeper of such house, by using the letter . if a lodger, and the letters H. K. if a housekeeper, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, according to the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same, into all which circumstances the pawnbroker is hereby required to inquire of the party pawning before any money shall be lent or advanced, or any exchange shall take place; and in all cases where the money lent on any such goods or chattels shall not exceed the sum of five shillings, such entry shall be made in such book or books, by all and every such person and persons so taking the same by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange as aforesaid, within four hours next after the said goods and chattels shall have to^ive^note ^een Pavvne(h pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid; and every describing^such Per n shall, at the time of the taking of every pawn, pledge, things pawn- or exchange whatsoever, give to the person or persons do pawned. ing, pledging, or exchanging the same, a note or memorandum,

fairly and legibly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing the rein, in like manner, a description of the goods and chattels which he, she, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode, and number of the house, if said to be numbered, of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether such person is a lodger or housekeeper as aforesaid, by using the letter L. if a lodger, and the letters H. K. if a housekeeper, and also the name, and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof according to the information aforesaid, and upon which said note or memorandum, or on the back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written, or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the same; which said note or memorandum the party and parties pawning* pledging, or exchanging the said goods or chattels shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such pledge, unless the party pledging, or offering to pledge the same, shall accept and take such note or memorandum; and every such note, where the sum lent shall be less than five shillings, shall be delivered gratis\ and where the sum lent shall be five shillings or upwards, and less than ten shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be ten shillings or upwards, and less than twenty shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same 5 and where the sum lent shall be twenty shillings, or upwards, and less than five pounds, the sum of two-pence for the same; and where the sum Jent shall he five pounds or upwards, the sum of four-pence, and no more, and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or (lie shall be

obliged

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii I. IT. c. 87. 753

obliged to re-deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The amount That in all cases where any goods or chattels, pawned or ^Ppcatesa pledged, shall be redeemed, the pawnbroker of whom the same jnciorfed on shall be redeemed shall, at the time of such redemption, fairly pledges re-and legibly write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, deemed, upon every duplicate respecting such pawn or pledge, the amount

of the profit taken by him, or on his account, on the money lent upon such goods or chattels so redeemed, and shall keep such duplicate in his custody for the space of one year then next following.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty That, from and after the commencement of this act, if any fully0p^vning person or persons shall knowingly and designedly pawn, pledge, goods the*' or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chattels of property of any other person or persons, not being employed or authorised others.

by the owner or owners thereof so to do, it shall be lawful for any justice to grant his warrant to apprehend any person so offending, and if he, she, or they shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, and also the full value of the goods or chattels so pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction shall be had,

shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the house of correction, or some other publick prison of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offender or offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for a space not exceeding three calendar months, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if, within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment, the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or justices, at his and their discretion, may order the person or persons so convicted to be publickly whipped in the house of correction or prison to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other publick place of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence'shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices shall seem proper; and the said respective forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making satisfaction thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the costs of the prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the justice or justices before Whom fu: h conviction shall be had; but if the party or parties

injured

754- Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.' [1795.

injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and costs, or if there shall be any overplus of the said respective forfeitures, after making such satisfaction, and paying such costs as aforesaid, then such respective forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, (as the case shall happen) shall be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

Persons forg.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, terfcitinUn" ^at^any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter* nates. 5 or Procure to he counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any such note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with an intent to defraud any person or persons whomsoever, every such person shall be punished in manner herein after mentioned and it shall be lawful for any person or persons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom any note shall be uttered or offered, which he, she, or they shall have reason to suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of a constable, or other peace officer, who shall, and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey such person or persons before some justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon examination it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, then and in every such case the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any time not exceeding the space of three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

For punching

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^ivin^ood ^"^atn ca^e any person or persons who shall offer, by way of account of pawn, pledge, exchange, or sale, any goods or chattels, shall not themselveSjOn be able, or shall refute to give a satisfadfory account of himself, offering to herself, or themselves, or of the means by which he, she, or pawn good&, they became possessed of such goods or chattels, or shall wilfully give any false information to the pawnbroker, or to his or her servant or servants, as to whether such j. oods or chattels are his, her, or their own property or not, or of his or her name and place of abode, or the name and place of abode of the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, or if there shall be any other reason to suspect that such goods or chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or clandoftinely obtained, or if any person or persons, not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law,

755

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for any person. or persons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom such goods or chattels shall be so offered, or with whom such goods or chattels are in pledge, to seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels, and to deliver such person or persons immediately into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, who shall and is hereby required, as soon as may be, to convey such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels so offered, before some justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if such justice or justices shall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause to suspecff that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have any pretence or colour of right to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons into safe custody for such reasonable time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said examinations, it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the same hath or have not any pretence or colour of right so to do, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise such commitment by any other law; and where the nature of the offence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlawfully p^ned the pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make'out, either on his, pawnbroker her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or to restore being one of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, them, before any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, that such owner or owners hath or have had his, her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just cause to suspect that any person or persons, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the privity or authority of such owner or owners thereof, and shall make appear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, probable grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, then, and in any such case, any justice

l-tosted by

756 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

tice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, may issue his or their warrant for fear chi ng, within the hours of bufmess, the house, warehouse, or other place of any such person or persons who shall be charged on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any such goods or chattels, without the privity of, or authority from, the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any house, warehouse, or other place wherein any such goods or chattels shall, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, be charged or suspected to be, shall, after the commencement of this act, on request made to him, her, or them, to open the same, by any peace officer authorised to search there, by warrant from a justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, in which such house, warehouse, or other place, shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any such house, warehouse, or other place, within the hours of business, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels suspecffed to be there, dofng no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker, or other person or persons, shall oppose or hinder any such search; and if upon the search of the house, ware*-house, or other place, of any such suspecfed person or persons as aforesaid, any of the goods or chattels which shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, shall be found, and the property of the owner or owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out to the satisfacftion of any such justice or justices, by the oath, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if any such witness or witnesses shall be of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with any such offence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause the goods and chattels found on any such search, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof.

XI. And whereas goods and chattels are often pawned or pledged for securing the payment of money lent thereon, and the profit thereof \ and afterwards the borrowers, or their representatives, are desirous to repay the same, and the profit due thereon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the same are so pawned, or pledged; yet they are frequently under great difficulties to get back the goods and chattels fio pawned, and are often under a necessity to commence fiuits at law for the recovery thereof \ to their great expence: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore-Punishirg the said, That, from and after the commencement of this act, if any pawnbroker goods or chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing any deliver up*0*' roney lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal goods to the sum of ten pounds, and the profit thereof, and if within one year pawner. after the pawning or pledging thereof, (proof having been made on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible witness or witnesses, and by producing the note or memorandum

757

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

directed to be given by this act as aforesaid, before any justice or justices, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, of the pawning or pledging of any such goods or chattels within the said space of one year, or one year and three months, as the case may be), any such pawner or pawners, who was or were the real owner or owners of such goods or chattels at the time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit according to the table of rates by this adfestablished, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned for any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, then and in1 any such case, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, or some other credible person, any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or persons who took such pawn, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices, and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on oath or solemn affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and such other credible person or persons as shall appear before him or them, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof as aforesaid, shall be proved, by oath or affirmation as aforesaid, to have been made, (such principal money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds), to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by the borrower or borrowers of such principal money, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the said space of one year, or one year and three months, as the case may be, after the said pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, of such principal money, and the profit due thereon as aforesaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns; and in case the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her, or them, made by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her, or their executors,

7^5 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

tors, administrators, or assigns, before any such justice or justices* such justice or justices shall thereupon, by order under his of their hand or hands, direct the goods or chattels so pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof} his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns; and if the person or persons who shall have lent any principal sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten pounds, on any goods or chattels pawned, his. Her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make satisfacftion for the goods of chattels which shall be so proved, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid shall order and diretft, then any such justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties so refusing to deliver up or make satisfacftion for the same, to the house of correction^ or some other publick prison for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, wherein the offender or offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain, without bail or main prize, until he, she, or they shall deliver up the goods of chattels so pawned and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the order of such justice or justices as aforesaid, of make such satisfaction or compensation as such justice or justices shall adjudge reasonable, for the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to the redemption of such goods or chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

XII. And, to prevent any inconvenience to persons carrying on the

track and business of a pawnbroker, from several different persons

claiming a property in the same goods or chattels, be it further en-

Persons pro- acted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the com-

ducing notes rnencement of this act, any person or persons who shall at any or memoran*.

Uums deemed time Prduce any such note or memorandum as aforesaid to the

the owners, person or persons with whom the goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, or as authorised by the owner thereof to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as respeIs the person or persons having such goods or chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors of such goods and chattels, and the person or persons so using the said trade and business of a pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to the provisions of this act respe(ting principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chattels to the person or persons who shall so produce the said note or memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previous notice, from the real owner or owners thereof, not to deliver the same to the person or persons producing such note, or unless notice shall have been given to him, her, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, or are

759

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

suspected to have been fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or proceed in manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such note hath been loft, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any pawnbroker shall have had such previous no- Where nates lice as aforesaid, or in case any such note or memorandum as mernn-aforesaid shall be loft, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained pawnbroker^ from the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels to deliver a mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then and in copy, every such case the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods and chattels were so pledged or exchanged shall, at the request and application of any person or persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the pawnbroker as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver to such person or persons so re-quelling and applying for the same a copy of the note or memorandum so loft, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular circumstances attending the case, printed or written, or in part printed and in part written, on the said copy, as the same shall be flated to him or her by the party applying as aforesaid, for which copy of such note or memorandum, and form of affidavit, in case the money lent shall not exceed the sum of five shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one halfpenny, and in case the money lent shall exceed the sum of five shillings, and not exceed the sum of ten shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; and in case the money lent shall exceed the sum of ten shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled to receive and take on giving the original note or memorandum, such money to be paid by the party applying for the same at the time of making the said application 5 and the person or persons having so obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, and form of affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or, right to, such goods and chattels, to the satisfaction of some justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, where the said goods or chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged, and shall also verify on oath or affirmation, as the case may be, before some justice of the peace, the truth of the particular circumstances attending the case mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation to be made as aforesaid, the caption of such oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the justice before whom the same shall be made, and who shall and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, whereupon the pawnbroker shall fufrer the person or persons proving such property to the fat is faction of such justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such copy of the said note or memorrndum, and the

'jSo

Pawned goods deemed forfeited at the end of a year.

On notice from persons having goods in pledge not to fell, three monchs further allowed beyond the year, for redemption.

Account of tales to be entered by the pawnbrokers in a book;

and overplus paid to the owner of the goods pawned or fold.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

said affidavit or affirmation with the said pawnbroker, to redeem such goods or chattels.

XIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged shall be deemed forfeited, and may be sold at the expiration of one whole year, exclusive of the day whereon the goods and chattels were so pawned as aforesaid; and that all goods and chattels so forfeited, on which any fam above ten shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have been lent, shall be sold by publick ati&ion, but not otherwise, by the order of the person having the same in pawn, at and after the expiration of the said year; but the person employed to fell such goods and chattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick view, and catalogues thereof to be published, and an advertisement given notice of such sale, and containing the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods or chattels were in pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some publick newspaper, two days at lead before the first day of sale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, for every offence in the premiles, the sum of ten pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons entitled to redeem goods or chattels in pledge shall, before or upon the expiration of the said one year from the time of pawning the same, give notice in writing, or in the presence of one witness, to the person or persons having the same in pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their usual place of abode, not to sell the same at the end of the said one year, then and in every such case such goods or chattels shall not be sold or disposed of by the person or persons having the same in pledge until after the expiration of three calendar months, to be computed from the expiration of the said year; during which, said term of three months the owner or owners of the said goods and chattels mail have liberty to redeem the same upon the terms ffipulated and provided by this acct.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons to whom any goods or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged shall, from time to time, enter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her or them, for that purpose, a true and just account of the sale of all goods and chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for upwards of ten shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, ex pie (fin g the day when, and the money for which such goods or chattels pawned were fold, together with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by w'oin the same were fold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer; and in case any such goods or chattels shall be sold for more than the principal money and profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of such sale, the overplus shall, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, on demand, to the person by whom, or on whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. 761

assigns, in case such demand shall be made within three years after such sale, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being first deduced; and such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or for whom such goods or chattek were so pawned or pledged, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns shall, for his, her, or their satisfaction in this matter, be permitted to inspect the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspection the sum of one penny, and no more; and in case any person or persons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or who is entitled to such overplus money, to inspect such entry as aforesaid, in any such book or books, such person or persons, if an executor or executors, administrator or admi-strators, or assignee or assignees, at such time producing his, her, or their letters testamentary, letters of ad mi nitration or alignment; or in case the goods or chattels were fold for more than the sum entered in any such book or books, or if any such person or persons shall not make such entry as aforesaid, or shall not have bona fide, according to the directions of this act, fold the same, or shall refuse to pay such overplus upon demand to the paWner or pawners, owner or owners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or a Hi g ns, he, she, or they producing such their letters testamentary, letters of administration or alignment, every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and treble the sum such goods and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the person or ersons by whom or on whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the commencement of this act, no person Pawnbroker or persons having any goods or chattels in pledge shall, under any not to pur-pretence whatsoever, either byhimselfor herself, or by any other ^hilft^they* person for him or her, purchase any such goods or chattels so are in his being in pledge with him or her, during the time the same shall custody. remain in his or her custody as such pledge, save and except at such publick auction as aforesaid, nor f^all suffer the same to be redeemed with a view or intention to purchase the same j nor shall any such person, taking or having any goods or chattels in pledge, make or cause to be made any contract or agreement with any person or persons offering to pledge, or pledging the same, or with the owner or owners of the pledge, for the purchase, sale, or disposition of the said goods and chattels before the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any pawnbroker purchase, or receive, or take, any goods or chattels in pledge, of or from any person or persons who shall appear to be under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor \ or purchase, or take in pawn, pledge,

Vol. XL. E e  or

762. Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

or exchange, the note or memorandum aforesaid of any other pawnbroker; nor buy any goods cr chattels in the course of his, her, or their trade or business, before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of (even of the clock Time for in the evening, throughout the year; nor receive or take in goods

t^wns limited or c^atte's byway of pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight pawns imne. ^t^e c]oc]c in the forenoon, or after nine of the clock in the

evening, between Michaelmas Day an 1 Lady Day following, or before seven of the clock in the forenoon, or after ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and excepting on the evenings preceding Good Friday and Christmas Day % nor shall any person or persons exercise or carry on the trade or business of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day.

XVII'I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Pawnbrokers That upon and from and after the commencement of this ar, table ant^ every Person and persons, who shall follow and carry on cfprofits, '&c.the trade and business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the rate of profit allowed by this act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also the various prices of the notes or memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to the rates aforesaid, and an account of what notes or memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the expence of-obtaining a second note or memorandum, where the former one has been loft, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and place the same in a conspicuous part or parts of the shop or other place wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such trade or business, so as to be visible to, and legible by, the persons pledging goods and chattels {landing in the several boxes or places provided for such persons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels at such (hop.

XIX. And, for the better man]fe. fling by whom the trade and business of a pawnbroker shall hereafter be carried on, be it further Pawnbrokers' enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the businessfto be commencement this act, all and every person or persons who placed over shall follow or carry on the trade and business of a pawnbroker,

the door. shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible characters,

over the door of each shop or other place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for carrying on that trade and business* the christian and furnace or names of the person or persons so carrying on the said trade or business, and the word u pawnbroker, " or cc pawnbrokers, " as the case may be, following the same, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds, for every shop or place which shall be so made use of for the space of one week without having such name or names, and the said word* so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, (which warrant such justices are hereby authorised and, required

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii IK, c 87. 7^3

required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any credible wicness or witnesses upon oath or affirmation, as the case may be; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering the same shall be dedusted, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, in the course of any proceedings before any justice or Penalty on justices of the peace, in pursuance of or under this act, it shall pawnbrokers appear, or be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or justices, {^for? Hiriited upon oath or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods or chat- tin; e, or in-tels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the time allowed juring them. by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions of this act, or have been embezzled or loft, or are become, or have been rendered of less value than the same were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the default, neglect, or wilful misbehaviour of the person or persons to whom the fame! were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, admini. strators, or assigns, agents or servants, then and in any such case it shall be lawful for every such justice and justices, and he and they is any are hereby required to allow and award a reasonable satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels iri respect thereof, or of such damage; and the sum or lums of money so allowed or awarded, in case the same shall not amount to the principal and profit aforesaid, which shall appear to be due to any person or persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be deducted out of the said principal and profit; and in ail cases where the goods and chattels pawned as aforesaid shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the balance, after deducting out of the principal and profit as aforesaid for the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable satisfaction, in respect to such damage, as any such justice or justices shall order or award, and upon so doing the justice or justices shall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, had paid or tendered the whole money due for the principal and profit aforesaid; and if the satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels,

shall be equal to, or exceed the principal and profit aforesaid, then and in such case the person or persons to whom the same were

 E E 2 so

Pawnbrokers to produce their books when necef* i'ary.

Penalty on pawnbrokers offending against this a t.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

so pledged or pawned, his her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall deliver the goods or chattels so pledged to the owner or owners thereof, without being paid any thing for principal or profit in respect thereof, and shall also pay such exeels, if any, to the person or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, where any information shall be laid 2gainst any pawnbroker for having offended against this act, or respecting any dispute between any pawnbroker and person having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of goods pawned, or iefpeling any felony or other matter, or on any other occasion whatsoever, which, in the judgement of any justice or justices, shall make the production of any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or other paper, necessary, which shall or ought to be in the hands, custody, or power of any pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her custody or power relating to the same, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such justice or justices in the state the same was or were made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatsoever; and in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true and perfect state, such pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good cause for such neglect or refusal, to the satis faction of such justice or justices, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for the use, and to be levied in the manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any pawnbroker shall, from and after the commence-nientof this act, in any wise offend against this act, every such pawnbroker shall, for every such offence in neglecting to make or cause to be made in a fair and regular manner in such book or books as aforesaid, any such entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them, by this act, forfeit the lum of ten pounds; and for every other offence against this act, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence against any part of this act, the sum of five pounds; and that all forfeitures incurred by any offence committed against this act shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed, and it shall be lawful for the justice or justices to award to the party complaining, out of the said penalty, the sum of two pounds and ten shillings, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties, not otherwise

disposed

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7. 765

disposed of and applied by this act, to be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limiting the person or persons shall be subject or liable to any prosecution or information before any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue information, of this act, for any offence or offences against this act, unless information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve

calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish

or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been com- prosecute', &c* mitted by any pawnbroker against this aeft, or some or one of such officers, at the discretion or direction of any justice of the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they, or some or one of them, to be nominated by such justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence so to be suggested by such justice to have been committed against this act, at the expence of the respective pariQi whereof they or he are, is, or shall be, for the time being, such officers or officer.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Ad not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons extend to whomsoever, who shall lend money to any person or persons^mone>"at whomsoever upon pawn or pledge at the rate of five pounds per per cent. centum per annum interest, without taking any further or greater without fur-profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pre- ttier Pro^t# tence whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the provisoes, regulations, and clauses con- The act to

tained in this present act shall, from and after the end of this pre- exten^ to 1'i executors*

sent session of parliament, extend to and include the executors, Of pawn-

administrators, and assigns, of all.and every deceased pawnbroker, brokers, in the same manner as the same extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, save and except that no such executor or administrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own monies or estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own act or neglect.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times, be sued, General issue; molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him, her, or them, done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfiuted, then such defendant or defendants shall have double

E E E 3 costs

y.65 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

[179$.

cost-s awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided alwa\s, and be it enacted by the autho-

Inh^bitants of r; ty aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, informations, trials, and tvlfere ottcn- ot'ner proceedings, in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any cescommitted matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of the parish, deemed corn- town, or place, in which any offence or offences shall be com-files' Wlt- mitted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent

witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parish, town, or place, wherein any such offence or offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be consided, in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effebl following; (that is to say),

'Form of con- 5 HE it remembered, That on this day of

viction. towltff XJ.in the _ year of his Majesty's reign, A.B. is convicted before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of [dr, for the riding or division of the said county of or, for the city, liberty, or

town of as the caje shall happen to he\ for

and the said do adjudge him

[ar, her] to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of Given under the

day and year aforesaid, 5

And the said justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form or to the effect aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter session of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be fled and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter session; and in case any person or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices to the said general or quarter session, the justices in such general or quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the said convibb'on, drawn up in the form or to the effect aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal at such next sessions, and not afterwards, according to the directions of this abt, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this act.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any offence or offences punishable by this act, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the justice or justices before whom

he

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. 767

he or (lie shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal to the justices at the general or quarter session of the peace which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where inch judgement shall have been given, and that the execution of the said judgement shall in such case be suspended, the person so convicted entering into a recognizance, at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in double the sum which such person (half have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with eftedt, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter session, and to pay such costs as the said justices in such session shall award on such occasion, which recognizance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the justices in the said general or quarter session are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such. cods as to them shall appear jud and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter session shall award to be paid for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment shall suffer the respective pains and penalties by this act infiidted upon persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective sums or forfeitures by this act to be paid by or imposed upon persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be in force for three whole years, and from Continuance thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no of this act. longer.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Publick add deemed a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such,

by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever? without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act to regulate the buying and selling of hay aridstraw; and for repealingfo much of two acts, made in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of hay and Jlraw> within the limits therein mentioned. 

[May 14, 1796.]

WHEREAS many and great abuses are committed by falef- PreamW.

meny and other persons felling hay and ft raw in the city of London and within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and other places within the vicinity thereof; and whereas the laws now in

E  E 4 being

So much o? a Will and Mary, ftff. 2. c. 8.

and of 31 Geo.

a. c. 4.0, as relates to hay and straw.

gw I

k}'.; 't

wa

mi:

Jp

m

MM-; -,

WfrZr'i',

mf.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

being are not sufficient to prevent the same; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an a c1, made in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for paving and cleanfng the Jheets in the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs and liberties thereof and out parishes in the county of Middlesex, and in the borough ^Southwark, and other places within the weekly - bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned; and also so much of an add, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to ascertain the weight of truffes of Jlraw, and to punish deceit in the sale of hay and repealed from Jlraw in trijfes, in London, and within the weekly bills of mortality, June*4? I7St5* and within the difance of thirty miles thereof\ and to prevent common salesmen of hay and fraw from buying the same on their own account, to jell again and also to refrain salesmen, brokers, or factors in cattle, from buying on their own account, to fell again, any live cattle in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or which are driving'up thereto, -as relates to hay and draw, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That no hay or straw whatever shall be sold in any market or place within the cities of London or Westminster, or the weekly bills of mortaliry, or within thirty miles thereof, other than what is made up in bundles or trusses; and if any person shall fell any hay or straw, other than what is made up in bundles or trusses, within the cities or limits aforesaid, every person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That each and every bundle or truss of hay fold in any market or place within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the last day oAuguf in any year and the first day of June in the succeeding year, shall contain and be of the full weight of fifty-six pounds at least; and that every bundle or truss of hay fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the first day of June and the last day of Auguf in any year, being new hay, of the summer's growth of that year, shall be and contain the full weight of sixty pounds, and being old hay of any former year's growth, the weight of fifty-six pounds, as aforesaid; and that each and every bundle or truss of straw fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall contain and be of the full weight of thirty-six pounds; and that every load of hay or straw shall contain thirty-six bundles or truffes; and if any hay shall be sold within the cities or limits aforesaid, whereof any bundle or truss shall be of less weight than aforesaid, every person so felling shall forfeit for every such truss or bundle of hay, not being the full weight aforesaid, any sum not exceeding the sum of five shillings, Hor 'tess than two shillings and sixpence, and for every

5 such

No hay or straw to be sold within certain li-'.'suits, except yin truffes. on penalty of 20s.

Weight of

Penalty for felling truffes short of weight.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

r 00

C. oo,

7^9

such truss or bundle of draw the sum of one shilling: provided hut not to ex-

always, That no person shall be convicted in the penalty aforesaid,

for felling any bundle or truss of hay or straw deficient in weight as a quantity

aforesaid, where a load or any other or less quantity is sold at the jold to the same time to the same person, if the number of bundles or truffes same person,

so fold shall amount upon the whole to the average weight re-^the

r ., 1 o amount to the

quired as aforesaid. average

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall weight, fell, within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the first day of Penalty for June and the last day of December in any year, any hay of the telling new growth of that year as or for hay of the growth of any former year, ^or ^ay* shall forfeit and pay for each and every bundle or truss of hay so

fold, the sum of two shillings and sixpence.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every load, Hay or straw

bundle, or truss of hay or straw, which shall be sold in the cities to 1' onc

or limits aforesaid, shall be made up with such hay or straw only a*

as the same appears to be by the outside of every such load, bundle,

or truss; and that such hay or straw only, and not any inferior

hay or straw, shall be deemed and taken to be the hay or straw

which is to make up the weight of every bundle or truss; and Penalty for every person who shall fell within the cities or limits aforesaid, lt

any load, bundle, or truss of hay or straw, which shall in the

inlide thereof be of inferior goodness from what the outside shall appear to be, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding live

shillings, nor less than two shillings and sixpence, for every such

bundle or truss of hay, and the sum of one shilling for every such

bundle or truss of straw.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the pair of bands with Penalty For which any bundle or truss of hay shall be bound shall not exceed bands the weight of five pounds, upon pain that every person who shall exceeding 5l. fell any bundle or truss of hay with bands of a greater weight, weight, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one shilling,

and also the further/um of one shilling for each and every pound weight that every such pair of bands shall weigh over and above the weight of five pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person employed Penalty on

to bind hay or straw, shall not bind up and make the same into persons bind-bundles or truffes of such weight as is directed by this acct, every or

person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of sixpence for light truffes. every bundle or truss of hay or straw not being of such weight.

Vill. And be it further enacted, That no common salesman, Penalty on factor, or agent, within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall buy salesmen buy-and fell, on his own account, or of any person or persons in trust^thei/ for him, any hay or straw whatsoever, or any grass of any kind own account, or description, growing or making into hay, on pain of forfeiting hay or straw, for each and every fifty-six pounds weight of hay so bought and or Srafs for fold five shillings, and for each and every thirty-six pounds weight of straw so bought and sold two shillings; and also for each and every acre of such grass growing or making into hay, so bought and sold, a sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor le(s than fifty shillings,

77

S: \lefmen within 7 days to send to the owner an account of the pbce. time, and price of hay or draw fold, and of the purchaser on penalty.

A register to be kept in markets for entering tales of hay and draw, which shall be open for inspection,

Penalty for not making due, or making untrue entry, or for refuting inspection of register.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88.' [1795.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every common salesman, factor, or agent, for the ia!e of hay or draw, within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall, within fever, days next after the Tile of every load or other quantity of hay or draw, send to the person or persons on whose account the same shall have been fold, a jud and true account under his hand, of the place where, time when, and the price for which the same was fold, and also the name and

place ot abode of the purchasers thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or omission a sum of money not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than ten shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every market for the sale of hay or draw within the cities or limits aforesaid, there shall be kept a publick book or regider for entering and regidering; therein an account of all hay and draw which shall be, from time to time, fold in any such market; and that in and for the city of London, such book or regider shall be kept by the cleik or toll gatherer for the time being, appointed by the lord mayor, commonalty, and citizens in the said city; and that in and for every other such market within the city of Westminster and limits afore-

- laid, such book or regider shall be kept by the clerk or toll gatherer appointed within their several jurisdictions, and that before fix of the clock in the evening on the day of the sale of- any Jiay or draw, exceeding four trusses in one quantity, within the cities or limits aforesaid in any market, and within (even days after any such sale in the said cities and limits out of any market, there shall be made by the feller thereof, a true and faithful entry in the book or regider of the market in which such hay or draw shall be sold, or where the same shall be sold out of any market, in the book or regider of the market neared to the place of sale, distinguishing the true names and places of abode of the persons so felling, and for whom fold, and by whom and on whose account the same shall have been bought, and the place where fold, and the true price paid or agreed to be paid for the same, which entry shall be subscribed by each feller of hay or draw, for which entry shall be paid to the keeper of the book or regider the sum of one penny; and that every such book or regider shall be kept at some convenient place in every such market for the sale of hay and draw within the cities and limits aforesaid, and shall at all times between the hours of nine of the clock in the morning and fix of the clock in the evening of each and every day (Sunday excepted) be open for the inspedhon of every person applying to inspect the same, paying for every such inspection the sum of one penny; and in case any feller of hay or draw shall omit to make the proper entry required by this act, or the keeper of any book or regider for the purposes aforesaid, shall knowingly suffer any untrue entry to be made or signed therein, ' or shall refuse to permit such book or regider to he inspected by any person applying, and tendering payment of the fee for such inspection, every such feller of hay or draw, or keeper of such book or regider, so offending, shall on conviction for every such offence, forfeit and

parishes respectively, proper I'cales and the,

r ii i j n, watch house.

r the weigmng ah hay and itraw which

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. 771 -

and pay a fgm of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten shillings.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in A el not to this act contained shall oblige any p.erson to register any hay or straw which he shall deliver in the cities or limits aforesaid, on iiveredon spe-special contract or agreement, but suchhay and draw only which cial contract, shall be fenr to any market or place within the said cities and limits to be there fold, and which shall be accordingly there fold, fin all be registered as before is directed; airy thing in this act before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no clerk Penalty on

or toll gatherer, or his deputy, within the cities and limits ^atherer^uv-aforesaid, shall buy or fell, or be concerned in the buying or selling fUg or felling of hay or straw within the cities or limits aforesaid, under the hay or itraw. penalty of two shillings and sixpence for every bundle or truss of*hay so bought or sold by him, or in the buying or selling of which he shall be so concerned, and of one shilling for every such bundle or truss of straw.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided Scales and by every clerk or toll gatherer within the cities or limits aforesaid, and kept at the office of the clerk of every bay market within ttv-

the said cities or limits, as also at the watch house of each and market's of-every parish within the limits thereof, by the churchwardens fee, and at and overseers of such

weights, or engines for the weighing aii nay shall be required to be weighed; and such clerk or toll gatherer Hay weigh-of the hay market, or his deputy, and the constable or head- ers-borough of the parish or place where such feales, weights, and engines shall be kept, are hereby appointed hay weighers within their respective parishes and places; and ft any doubt shall at any Buyer of hay time arise, whether any hay or straw fold in the cities or limits or straAV aforesaid, is not of the weight the same ought to be, then it shall be lawful for the buyer thereof, his servant or agent, on the deli- delivery, very of any such hay or straw at the abode, yard, or loft of the buyer, or other place where the same shall be agreed by the feller to be delivered, to cause the same to be weighed in the presence of the feller, or his servant or agent; and if, on the same Directions For being so weighed, the buyer or feller of any such hay or straw, cnifoffihiFa- his servant or agent, shall be distatisfied with any such weigh- tisfaction. ing, it shall be lawful for any such buyer, his servant or agent, if the hay be delivered within a parish where there is any hay market, with all convenient speed, to apply to the cleik or toll gatherer, or his deputy, of such market, and if the hay be delivered in any other parish within the cities or limits aforesaid, to apply to the hay weigher nearest to the place where any such hay or straw shall be delivered to weigh the same, and on any such application being made, such clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher who shall be applied to, shall with all convenient speed come to the place where such hay or straw shall be within the limits aforesaid, and shall there weigh such hay or straw as shall be complained of, and the weight thereof, which shall

712

Penalty for not providing lealcs and weights, or for neglecting to weigh hay or straw.

Ko penalty to be incurred for felling hay or ft raw, not weight, or of bad quality, unless weighed at or before delivery, &c.

Hours at which markets shall end, of which notice shall be given by ringing a bell, on penalty.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

shall be ascertained by any such clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, shall be conclusive to all parties j but in case the clerk or toll gatherer of any market, or his deputy, shall not, upon such application as aforesaid, come with all convenient speed to the place where such hay or straw shall be delivered, it shall be lawful for the buyer, his servant or agent, to apply for the purposes aforesaid to such other hay weigher as shall be nearest to the place where any such hay or draw shall be delivered; and the person who shall require any such clerk, toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, to attend and weigh any such hay or ft raw, shall pay or tender to such hay weigher the sum of three shillings for a load, or in proportion for a greater or less quantity, before he shall be obliged to go to weigh any such hay or straw; and if the hay or straw which shall be so weighed shall not be of the due weight the same ought to be, then the sum so paid shall be forthwith repaid to him by the feller of such hay or straw; and if any clerk or toll gatherer, churchwarden or overseer, within the limits aforesaid, shall omit to provide and keep proper feales and weights, or engines, for the weighing of hay or straw, or if any clerk, toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, shall neglect or refuse to weigh any hay or straw when required, at any seasonable time in the day time, and so as the sum aforesaid shall have been paid or tendered, every such person offending therein, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten shillings.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall incur any penalty for felling any hay or straw of less weight or worse quality than the same ought to be, unless such hay or straw shall be weighed either at or before the delivery, with the priw'ty of the buyer, his servant or agent, or complained of in respect of the quality thereof at the time and place at which the same shall be agreed to be delivered by the feller, in the presence of such feller, his servant or agent, unless such feller, his servant or agent, on request made, or on notice given to him or them to attend to fee such hay or straw so weighed, shall refuse or neglect to attend to fee the same so weighed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the markets for sale of hay and straw, within the cities and limits aforesaid, shall end at three of the clock in the afternoon of every market day between Lady Day and Michaelmas, and at two of the clock in the afternoon of every market day between Michaelmas and Lady Day> and that notices thereof shall be given by the clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, in the several markets or places for the sale of hay and straw within the cities and limits aforesaid, by ringing on the usual market days a large hand bell round each respective market or place for the sale of hay or straw, one hour before the expiration of the times above mentioned, and again at the expiration of the hours above-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence a sum of money pot exceeding tep shillings, nor less than

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83.

773

five shillings; and every person who shall fell any hay or straw Penalty for in any market within the cities or limits aforesaid, after the hours kH'ng a^ter aforesaid, shall forfeit for every bundle or truss of hay so fold the manceL our9* sum of sixpence, and for every bundle or truss of straw so fold the sum of three-pence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person having Penalty for the care or direction of any waggon, wain, or cart, used for the rernain purpose of bringing hay or straw, (halt suffer the same to remain in hay mar-in any market or place for the sale of hay and straw within the kets after cer-cities and limits aforesaid, on the usual market days from Lady tam hours. Day to Michaelmas, after five of the clock in the afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady Day after three of the clock in the afternoon, in any year, every person so offending shall forfeit for every such waggon, wain, or cart, so left as aforesaid, a sum of money not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings. '

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person having Penalty for the care or direction of any waggon, wain, or cart, in any mar- horse^dr^fw ket or place for the sale of hay or straw within the cities or limits hay or aforesaid, shall permit or suffer the horse or horses drawing the straw to refame to feed and remain in any such market or place for the space main in a of fifteen minutes, during the hours allowed for sale of hay or

straw, under any pretence whatsoever, every person so offending ing market" shall for every such offence forfeit and pay a sum of money not hours, exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person whatsoever Penalty for shall buy and sell again any hay or straw, that shall or may be J?\TnS an? conveying by land or water carriage for the purpose of felling hay^fu-aw within the cities or limits aforesaid, and that every person so of- conveying to fending shall forfeit for every truss of hay or straw so bought and be sold within fold the sum of five shillings; and no person shall buy any hay

or straw in any market or place for the sale of hay or straw, for buying-in a the purpose of felling again in any such market or other place marketplace within the cities or limits aforesaid; and every person so offend- to fell it again ing shall, for ever truss of hay or straw so bought, forfeit and pay therein. the sum of five shillings: provided always, That no person felling hay or straw by retail at their own premises, in any less quantity than five truffes as aforesaid, shall be liable to such last mentioned penalty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person within Penalty for the cities or limits aforesaid shall, after having purchased for, than^adfuaUv^ or sent in or delivered to any person, by whom or on whose account he may have been so employed to purchase any hay or straw, charge or demand a greater price than what was really and truly paid or agreed to be paid for any such. hay or straw, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings fori every bundle or truss of hay or straw so purchased, sent in, or delivered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall fell ^or

any quantity of hay or straw within the cities or limits aforesaid, 0thTr than and shall afterwards fend in or deliver, or tender ta the buyer the commo-

tkereof, dity fold.

Penalty for fraudulently increasing weight.

Penalty for delivering less than the number of trufics fold.

Penalty for Hot bringing hay or draw, expo fed and not fold, to the market

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

thereof, as and for the hay or draw so fold, any other hay or draw in part or in whole, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum often shillings for every hjundle or truss of hay, and the sum of five shillings for every bundle or truss of draw so lent in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall knowingly and fraudulently mix, or put, or cause to be mixed, or put, any water, or any sand, earth, or any other matter or thing, in any bundle or truss of hay or draw, with an intent to increase the weight thereof, and shall afterwards fell, fend in, and deliver the same, or any part thereof, within the cities or limits aforesaid; or if any person shall fell any quantity of hay or draw, within the cities or limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards mix, or put, or cause to be mixed, or put, in the bundles or trulfes of fuqh hay or draw, water, sand, earth, or any other matter or thing, with an intent to increase the weight thereof, or any part thereof, and shall afterwards fend in, or deliver, or tender to the buyer thereof, any such hay or draw, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the lum of ten shillings for every bundle or truss of hay, and the sum of five shillings for every bundle or truss of draw so font in, delivered, or tendered as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person felling any hay or draw, in any market or place within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall deliver to, or tender to or for, or on account of, the buyer thereof, a less number of bundles and truffes of hay or draw, as or for the true number bought and sold, or if the driver of the waggon, wain, or cart, in which such hay or draw shall be, for the purpose of being delivered according to such sale, shall secrete, keep back, or withhold, any part of the said hay or draw, or shall deliver a less number of bundles or trusses to the buyer, such driver or person felling, knowing the same so delivered not to be the true number bought, or which ought to be delivered according to such sale, every driver or person felling so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every bundle or truss of hay or draw so secreted, kept back, withheld, or not delivered, and in default of immediate payment of any such penalty by any such driver, on conviction before any justice of the peace in whose jurisdiction the offence shall have been committed, such driver or person felling, shall be forthwith lent, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to the house of correction, or other prison within the jurisdiction of such judice, there to remain and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any space of time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty should be sooner paid 5 any thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. "

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, after having brought or received any hay or draw for sale, or exposed any hay or draw to fate on a market day, in any market or place for sale of hay or draw within the cities or limits aforesaid, which shall not be sold, shall thereupon lodge

the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. S3. 775

the same in any place near to such market or place as aforesaid, place on the and shall nor, if the same be not before that time fold, bring and "^5"

expose the said hay or straw for sale in such market or place, by '*eleven of the clqck in the forenoon of the next ensuing market day, or if any person lodging any hay or straw as aforesaid, which shall be brought to any place for the purpose of sale on a bye day or a day between the usual market days, shall not, if the same be not before that time fold, bring and expose all such hay or straw for sale in such market near to where the same was lodged, on the following market day by the same hour as aforesaid, or as soon after as the weather will permit without endangering the spoiling or injuring the same, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Penalty for

shall have been concerned in buying or selling any hay or straw falib

within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall give, take, or receive, ^cdpts of any false or untrue receipt, ticker, or memorandum, of the price the prices of of any hay or straw so fold or bought as aforesaid, expressive of bay or Itraw a greater or less price than what the same was really and truly

fold for or bought, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, upon complaint being made to any justice of the peace within whose jurisdiction the offence shall have been committed, at any time within six calendar months after such offence committed, any thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: provided always, That if any person offending in either of the cases aforesaid shall, within the said space of six calendar months, give information of and prosecute to conviction any other person so offending, such informer shall be indemified from the penalty herein-before mentioned.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limitation of person shall be prosecuted for any of the before-mentioned of-Pr^ecutionSo fences, except where it has been or shall be herein otherwise expressed, unless information of any such offence be given to the proper magistrate, within fourteen days next after the commission of such offence.

XXVI. And^ for the more speedy recovery of all and every forfeiture which shall he incurred under this ah^ and for the disposing

thereof be it further enacted, That on complaint or information Recovery of being made to any justice of the peace of any offence committed forfeitures, against this act within the jurisdiction of such justice, such justice is hereby required and authorised to summon the person or persons charged with any such offence, and also any witness or witnesses, for the same, at a certain time and place in such summons to be specified, and in default of appearance of the party so summoned, on its being made appear to the said justice upon oath, that such summons was duly served upon or left at the usual place of abode of the party summoned, then every such justice is hereby authorised and required to proceed to hear and

determine

?76

Offenders may be committed for want of distress.

Witnesses refuting to be examined may be committed.

Salesmen convicted of offences, may exhibit complaint against employer before a justice, who may determine the matter.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88.

[179

determine the matter of the said complaint, by the oath or oaths of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, and to convitft the respective offender, and to Ward and adjudge the respective penalties imposed by this act to be paid by such offender, together with the reasonable costs and charges attending such conviction, to be afcei tained and allowed by such justice, and by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, unless within five days from the day of making such distress, the party or parties offending shall pay the penalty and costs to be incurred in such warrant, and likewise the costs and charges of such distress, rendering the overplus (if any) to the said offender; and if any offender against this adfc shall not have any goods or chattels within the jurisdiction of such justice whereon such levy can be made, such justice before whom such convieftion shall be had, is hereby empowered and authorised to blue his warrant for apprehending such offender; and in case such offender shall escape or go out of the jurisdiction of such justice, it shall and may be lawful for any other justice of the peace of the county or place where such offender shall be found, by indorsement of such warrant, to authorise the execution thereof within the jurisdiction of such justice, as well as to convey the offender before the justice who granted such warrant, who may commit him to some publick prison or house of correction of the county or place in which such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, from the time of every such commitment, unless in cases otherwise provided for by this act, and unless such offender shall sooner pay the sum to he mentioned on every such warrant of commitment; and in all cases where any person shall be brought as a witness touching any matter contained in this act, by any summons or warrant, before any justice, and shall refuse to be examined, such justice may commit any such person to some prison of the county or place within the jurisdiction of such justice, for any time not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every such commitment.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall happen that any salesman or falef-men shall in manner aforesaid be convicted of any offence against this act, and thereby become subject to the payment of any of the penalties before mentioned, it shall be lawful for any such salesman to exhibit his complaint or information against the farmer or other person, for whom or on whose account he shall have fold the hay or straw, (on account of which such salesman or salesmen shall have been so convicted), before some justice of the peace within the jurisdiction in which such hay or straw shall have been so fold; and such justice is hereby required to summon such farmer or other person, and also any witness or witnesses, to appear before him the said justice, on a day to be appointed and named in the said summons, (not less than seven

days

777

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83.

days after the issuing of such summons), although such fanner or other person against whom such information shall be laid, may happen to reside out of the county, city, borough, division, or liberty, in which such hay or straw may have been so fold; and on its being made appear to the said justice on oath, that such summons was duly served upon, or left at the usual place of abode of the party summoned, then every such justice is hereby authorised and required to proceed to hear and determine the matter of the said complaint or information, in like manner as is herein-before provided and directed, for hearing of complaints against salesmen; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice th?t such salesman shall not have been guilty of or privy to any fraud or deceit in the premises, but that such fraud or deceit was imputable to such farmer or other person so complained against as aforesaid, then such justice is hereby authorised and required to award to such salesman, the amount of the penalty so by him paid as aforesaid, together with full costs and charges, as well those occasioned by the complaint against him, as by such subsequent complaint against such farmer or other person; such costs and Charges to be first ascertained and allowed by such justice, and to adjudge the said farmer or other person, the owner of the said hay or straw, to pay the same; and the said justice is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and sea!, to cause the same to be levied in like manner as penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever Warrant / the party against whom such warrant of distress shall be granted, endor^dby^ shall happen to reside in another county, city, borough, division, justice of the or liberty, out of the jurisdiction of such justice, that then, and peace where in such case, such warrant shall not be executed or put in force the party until after it shall be endorsed by some justice of the county, iei es* city, borough, division, or liberty, to which such summons shall be directed; and all and every the justice and justices of such county, city, borough, division, or liberty, are hereby required to endorse the same, on due proof of the hand writing of the justice by whom such warrant was issued, and such warrant, when so endorsed, shall and may be execruted in like manner as if the same had been originally granted by a justice of that city, borough, division, or liberty, in which such farmer or other person shall reside: provided nevertheless, That every such complaint Complaint to or information shall be made within fourteen days after the con- be m*de with-viction of such salesman as aforesaid, and not. afterwards; and ^vialon of* if it shall appear to the said justice, on hearing the case, that a salesman; such complaint so made by the salesman as aforesaid, is frivolous and if frivo-and unfounded, it shall be lawful for such justice to award all the juf-reasonable charges and expences by way of costs, to be paid to the*

the said farmer or other person, provided he shall attend the said employer, summons as the said justice shall think right, according to the circumstances of the case; such costs to be levied on the falef-jnan so complaining, in like manner as is herein-before directed.

778 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

Appeal may

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any the^arter Pern convicted of any offence punishable by this act, shall

fessionsT think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement or

determination of any such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal against the same to the justices at the general or general quarter sessions of the peace of the county or place in which any such conviction shall have been made, which shall be held next after any such conviction, unless such next general or general quarter sessions of the peace for any such county or place shall happen, to be held within six days next after any such conviction

and if any such general or general quarter session of the peace shall happen to be so held within the said space of six days next after any such conviction, then it shall be lawful for any such person, at the second general or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for any such county or place next after any such conviction, so that the party appearing before any such appeal shall be received, immediately upon such conviction enter into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties, before such justice so convicting as aforesaid, in the sum of ten pounds each, fc to appear and prosecute every such appeal witheffect; and the justices of the peace at such general or general quarter session of the peace, are hereby authorised and required, on every such appeal being made^ finally to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order, and to award such costs therein, as they in their discretion shall seem meet; and which said order and determination shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such.proceedings or determination.

Penalties to

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every penalty and

go to the forfeiture by this aQ. imposed shall, when recovered, go and be

pro ecu o .^person or persons who shall prosecute to conviction

any offender or offenders against: this act.

Limitation of

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no person shall be sued actions. or prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance or in execution of this act, after the expiration of six months from the offence committed; and every such suit or prosecution shall be brought in the county or place where such offence shall have been committed; and every person so sued shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, not guilty, and may give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his action after the defendant shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon a demurrer against: the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double costs. defendants in every such action shall recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases for recovery of their caffs.

cap;

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 89* 779

CAP. LXXXIX.

for affiefling the of, clerks, and other officers of the

duties on salt, y^r //; r/r salaries and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax in the pari[Jo of Saint Martin in the Fields,

within the city and liberty of West mi after, not with [landing the said office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the duchy liberty in //^Strand, in the county of Middlesex.

[May 14, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an abl passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, it is enabled, That every person in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessect for his office or employment, shall be rated and paid for his said office or employment in the county, city, or place, where the same shall be ex ere fed, although the revenue or profits arising by such office or employment are payable elsewhere; and it is also by the said a i further enabled, That any part of the said abl may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament: and whereas the of, clerks, and other officers, for the time being, appointed and employed in the receipt, management, and government of the duties on salt, did, for a great number of years previous to the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, exercise their offices within the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the city and liberty of Westminster, during all which time they were rated and affieffied to the land tax, for their salaries and other profits of _ their said offices, within the said parifo of Saint Martin in the Fields in the said city and liberty: and whereas persons seized andpossessed of estates and property within the said parifo of Saint Martin in the Fields in the said city and liberty, liable to be affieffied to the land tax, ^will be much oppressied and aggrieved if the said of, clerks, and other officers, employed in the receipt, management, and government of the said duties on salt, should be affieffied for their salaries and other profits of their said offices elsewhere than in the said parifo of Saint Martin in the Fields within the said city and liberty: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord^ spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the of, clerks, and other officers, Commission- from time to time appointed and employed in the receipt, management and government, of the said duties on salt, shall be afteiled be a0efTed to upon the said act for their salaries and other profits of their places the land tax in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the city and for their fa-liberty of Westminster aforesaid, where the salaries and other pro- ^Martiiv fits of the said of, clerks, and other officers, in the in the Fields, said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were afteffect, and not elsewhere, so as the full proportion which was assessed on the said division of Saint Martin in the Fields in the city and liberty aforesaid, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be again afiefted thereon by virtue of

F f f 2 the T

One moiety of the afiefl*-ment, &c. to be paid to the collectors of the district to which the office is or may be removed.

780 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 90.

[179

the raid aft, and so as any other division, district, parish, or place, to which the said office has been or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said salaries and profits, than it was in the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That out of the sum to be assessed on the said of for the receipt, management, and government of the said duties on salt, their clerks, and other officers, there shall be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the division, district, parish, or, place, to which the said office is or may be removed, one moiety thereof; and also the whole of the land tax for all additional of, clerks, and other additional officers of the said duties on salt, which shall or may be hereafter appointed and employed in the said receipt, management, or government, to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, district, parish, or place, by virtue of the said act.

[Publick act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick act,

- and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XC.

An act for the relief of persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the several fiocks and annuities transferrable at the lank ^England.

[May 14, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the laws in being relative to the transfers of stocks and annuities transferrable at the bank ^England, all such transfers are required to be entered or registered; and such entries are to be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and to be signed by the parties making such transfers, or (if such party be absent) by his, her, or their attorney thereunto lawfully authorised; and it is also declared, that no other method of assigning or transferring such flock and annuities shall be good or available in law: and whereas the persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interested in the said fiocks and annuities have been and are put to great inconveniencies by reason that the trustees and other persons, according to the said laws in beings alone qualified to make transfers and to receive the dividends of such stocks and annuities vefied in them in trufi, have been and are absent out of the jurisdiction or not amenable to the process of the high court of chancery or the court of exchequer; and other cases of like inconvenience have arisen: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present When tmf- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, nTme^stock ^rom an^ a^ter Pa^ing of this when and as often as it shall shall be stand- happen that all and every the person or persons in whose name ing at the or names any part or parts of the several stocks and annuities bank, {hah be transferrable, or which hereafter shall be made transferrable, at

the

x795-3 A*1110 regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 90. 781

the bank of England, is, are, or shall be {landing as a trustee or absent, out of

trustcts, or the legal personal representative or representatives oftior/oftheC"

any such person or persons being deceased, shall be absent out of chancery and the jut ifdicSlion or not amenable to the process of the said courts exchequer, or

of chancery and exchequer, or shall be a bankrupt or bankrupts, be bankrupts,

lunatick or lunaticks, or shall refuse to transfer the flock or an- ^CJrtsirfanv

nuities, so legally vested in him, her, or them, or to receive or cause depend-

pay over the dividends of such {lock or annuities to the person or ing the rein*

periuns beneficially entitled thereto, or it shall be uncertain or may order the

unknown whether such trustee or trustees, representative or repre-r ., i* ill 1, n, transfei red,

fentatives, is or are living or dead; that then and in all and every an(j the uivi-

such case and cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said dends paid;

courts of chancery and exchequer respectively, in any cause de- aRd when all

pending in the said courts respectively, to order and direct that the trustees

rr J y r r cannot be

the accountant general, or the secretary or deputy secretary, for found, may

the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of order the England, do transfer, in the book or books of the said company, forthcoming such flock or annuities as aforesaid, either to and into the name of Vock^&c the accountant general of the said court of chancery, or of the

deputy remembrancer of the said court of exchequer, in trull in such cause, or otherwise, to and into the name or names of the person or persons equitably or beneficially entitled to such (lock or annuities as the cases may respectively require, and as to the said courts of chancery and exchequer, shall in their discretion, seem fit; and also to order and direct that the said accountant general, secretary or deputy secretary, for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, do also receive and pay over the dividends of such Hock and annuities as the said courts shall direct; and when and as often as it shall happen that one or more only, and not all or both of such trustees or personal representatives as aforesaid, shall be so absent or not amenable to such process as aforesaid, or a bankrupt or bankrupts, lunatick or lunaticks, or shall so refuse as aforesaid, or it be uncertain or unknown whether anyone or more of such trustees or representatives is or are living or dead, that then and in all and every such last mentioned case and cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said courts of chancery and exchequer respectively, to order and direct that the other and others of such trustees and representatives, who shall be forthcoming and ready and qualified to act, do transfer such flock or annuities to and into the name or names of such person or persons as aforesaid, as the cases may respectively require, and as to the said courts shall in their difere-tion seem fit; and also that such forthcoming trustee or trustees, representative or representatives, do also receive and pay over the dividends of such flock or annuities as the said courts shall direct; and that all such transfers and payments so made in pursuance of this act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any former statute, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

782 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

II. And whereas it hath frequently happened that commissions of bankrupt have issued against persons having certain parts of the said Jlochs or annuities transferrable at the hank of England, Jlanding in their names in their own rights and such persons have thereupon been declared and adjudged bankrupts, but have nevertheless refused to transfer or join in transferring suchflock or annuities; for remedy whereof, reMe^to1^lt ena(^e(^ by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the transfer stock Pa^ng of this sact, when and as often as any person or persons

landing in shall be declared or adjudged bankrupt, having any part or arts

their own of the {locks or annuities transferrable, or which hereafter shall

lord^chars be mac^e transferrable at the bank of England, {landing in his,

cell or may her, or their name or names in his, her, or their own right, it

order it to be shall and ijiay be lawful to and for the lord chancellor, lord transferred to keeper, or of for the custody of the great seal of the assignees. Great Britain for the time being, on the petition of the assignee or assignees chosen under the said commission, to order the said accountant general, secretary, or deputy secretary, for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, to transfer the said {lock or annuities so {landing in the name or names of the said bankrupt or bankrupts, in his, her, or their own right, to and into the name or names of the said assignee or assignees, and also to receive and pay over the dividends of such flock and annuities as the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or of for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain, shall directj and that all such transfers and payments shall be valid and effedhial to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any former statute, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

III. And whereas commissions in the nature of a writ de lunatico inquirendo have frequently issued., and persons have thereupon been found lunaticks, having certain parts of theflocks and annuities transferrable at the bank ^England, Jlanding in the names of such lunaticks in their own rights and the committees of the estates of such lunaticks having like parts of such Jlochs and annuities Jlanding in their oven names in trufl for or as part of the property of such lunatic ks have fora dimes died intestate, or gone to reftde beyond the feaSj or have themselves become lunaticks, or it has been uncertain and unknown whether they ivere living or dead: and whereas it is forpetimes proper and expedient that such parts of the property of such lunaticks as aforesaid should be transferred, bui by the laivs in being no valid or effectual transfer thereof can be made, whereby great inconveniencies have arisen $ for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid 5 Stock {landing That, from and after the passing of this act, in all cases whatso-oflunaticksS ever v/bere any such (lock or annuities transferrable or thereafter or their'to be made transferrable at the bank of England, is, are, or shall committees, be {landing in the name or names of such lunatick or lunaticks, may in in his, her, or their own right, or in the name or names of the

be ordered^by comm, cee or committees of his, her, ' or their estate or estates, the lord chan- in trust for the said lunatick or lunaticks, or as part of his, her, ceilor to be or their property* it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord transferred, chancellor, lord keeper, or corn missioners' of the great seal ofc<' Great Britain for the time being, to order the accountant general,

secretary.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c.

secretary, or deputy secretary, for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, to transfer such stock or annuities to or into the name of any new committee or committees, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, as the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or of of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being,

shall direct; and that such transfers and payments shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any former statute, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this to an present act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and com- ^he^nk^10 plete indemnity and discharge to the said governor and company of, the bank of England, their officers and servants, for all things done, or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that the same shall not be quessioned or impeached in any court of law or equity whatsoever, to their prejudice or detriment; and that this present act shall be, and is hereby declared to be, and to be reputed and taken as a publick act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XCI.

An act for difiolving a certain partnership, society, or undertaking, called the Million Bank, and for dividing the joint stock and funds belonging thereto, amongst the members thereof.

[May 14., 1796.]

Cap. xcii.

An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament two several acts, passed in the thirty fourth and thirty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city a/'London; and for the fur the r regulating of the trained bands, or militia, of the said city.

[May 14, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an a5f ivas passed in the thirtyfourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending 34 Geo. 3-so much of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years c. 8l- and of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London, and for the better ordering the same: and whereas another act was passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled\

An act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual an 35 Geo. 3. aft, made in the last feftfon of parliament, intituled, c An act for c* recited, amending so much of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, ' intituled, An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London, and for the better ordering the same and whereas several of the povjers and provisions in the said acts contained have been found defective, and it is expedient that the said a5ts should be repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted instead thereof, for raising, training, and regulating the trained bands, or militia of

f f F 4 the

784 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

the city of London: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-Recited acts liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from the militia^anc^ a^ter t^e Pa^in of this a<^h the said two recited acts, passed raised by vir- in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his tue thereof, to present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and be subject to that instead thereof this act shall commence and take effect: of\hfsadnS Pr9v*l^e<^ nevertheless, That the militia now raised by virtue of the said acts, shall be subject to the provisions and regulations contained in this act, in like manner as the militia to be raised

by virtue of this act aresubjeded thereto. dteTadsnot

IL. Provided al ways, and be it further enacted, That the re-to annul pro- Pea^ng of the said acts shall not annul any proceedings had by ceedings of his Majesty's of of lieutenancy for the city of London, the commif- who are in and by the said acts appointed and authorised to exe-sioners of cute tjle fame^ or any commissions granted by them by virtue or or commit- under the authority of the said acts, provided the colonels, lieute-lions granted nant colonels, majors, and captains, to whom such commissions by them, if have been granted, are qualified as herein after specified; and in the officers^order to ascertain such qualifications, the said of are to ascert^n'hereby empowered and directed to examine such persons respectwhich, they tively on oath, to be administered by such of; and are to examine the several persons to whom such commissions have been granted, upon oath. shall and may ad, if qualified as herein after expressed, in the execution of this act, in like manner as they might have acted in the execution of the said former acts, in case this act had not

Commissioners to arm, array, and exercise the militia, and appoint officers, who shall have the same rank as the other militia force 5.

Commissions not vacated by revocation of the power of the of.

Officers topof-iets the same qualification as for cities

which arc

been made.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's of of lieutenancy that now are and hereafter shall be constituted and appointed for the city of London, shall have full power and authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, such persons once in every year, and at such other times and in such manner as is herein after directed; and the said of shall from time to time constitute and appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and other officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command the persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein after mentioned, and the officers so appointed shall have the same rank in the army as the officers of the rest of the militia forces of this kingdom.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no commission of any officer granted by his Majesty's said of of lieutenancy for the city of London, in pursuance of this act, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by which such of were appointed.

Vo And be it further enacted, That every person so to be appointed an officer of the said militia, in pursuance of this act^ lhffll possess the like qualification, with respect to property, as, those of the same rank, in nil cities and towns which are counties

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 785

within themselves, are directed to possess by an act passed in counties of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty* inti- J^l^oaths tuied, An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament and subscribe# the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called a declaration England; and every commissioned officer shall take the oaths, as to his qua-and make* repeat* and subscribe the declaration by the said act hfication. required to be taken, made* repeated, and subscribed; and every colonel* lieutenant colonel* major, and captain, in the said militia, shall be a freeman of the city of London, and shall also take an oath and subscribe a declaration before the said of* who are hereby authorised and dire6fed to administer the said oath and receive the said declaration, that he possesses the qualifications required by the said act; and every lieutenant and ensign in the said militia shall be a freeman, or the foil of a freeman of the city of London, and shall also take (if required by the said of) an oath, and subscribe a declaration be^ fore the said of, who are hereby authorised to administer the said oath and receive the said declaration, that he possesses the qualifications required by the said act: provided always, That no person who has been a bankrupt, or com- No bankrupt pounded with his creditors, and not paid twenty shillings in the to be an offi-pound, shall be eligible to be a commissioned officer in the said cer#

London militia.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the number of private Establishment men to be raised* by virtue of this act, for the militia of the city of the militia, of London and the liberties thereof, shall be one thousand and two hundred, to be formed into two regiments, confiding each of eight companies, besides a grenadier and light infantry company; the field officers of each regiment shall be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, to each company except to the grenadier and light infantry companies, to each of which there shall be appointed two lieutenants indead one lieutenant and one ensign; and the clerk of the said of shall Commission* cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the date of the com- the G^ette millions, and names and rank of the officers, together with the names of the officers-in whose room they are appointed, in like manner as commissions in the army are published from the war Expence of office; and the expence of such insertion in the Gazette, for each commission* shall be allowed to the said clerk in passing his ciert. accounts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every officer now holding FleId officers a commission as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain* in ^owTokbn^ the said militia, who hath not delivered a specific description of commissions his qualification, herein-before mentioned, for enabling him to who have not hold such commission, to the clerk or treasurer to the said com- delivered in missioners, shall, within three calendar months after the passing cadoi^mdo of this act, deliver such specific description of his qualification fQm three for holding such commission to the said clerk or treasurer, who months on shall forthwith lay the same, or a true copy thereof, before the pain of difqua-said of; and in case any such officer shall not deliver location, such specific description of his qualification as aforesaid to the

7 86

Penalty for a ding without being qualified, or without delivering in a defirip-tion of qualification.

A moiety of penalty to the person who shall sue.

On whom proof of qualification shall lie.

Times of holding courts of lieutenancy.

len to be

-ovided by le wards in: rtain proportions.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

clerk or treasurer, within the time before limited for that purpose, his commission shall be void, and he shall be incapable of being or serving as an officer in the said militia again in the same or any higher rank.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, in the said militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific description of his qualification to the clerk or treasurer to the said of, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by captains in the said militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having deli-r vered a specific description of his qualification to the said clerk or treasurer, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, captains, lieutenants, or ensigns, in the said militia, after having been a bankrupt, or after having compounded with his creditors, and not paid twenty shillings in the pound, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety of which said several and respective penalties shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the same; and in every action, suit, or information, brought against any person for acting as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, in the said militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, the proof of his qualification (except as to bankruptcy or compounding with his creditors) shall lie upon the person against whom the same is brought.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall and are hereby required and empowered to hold a court of lieutenancy for the said city, on the first Wednesday next after the passing of this acd, and afterwards to hold two courts of lieutenancy in each year for the said city; (that is to say), one court to be holden on the third Wednesday in January, and-one court on the third Wednesday in June, and to hold courts from time to time, as often as they shall think expedient, and to issue such precepts at the said courts as may be requisite and necessary for the purpose of carrying this ainto execution.

X. And be it further enacted, That the private men of the two regiments of militia to be raised by virtue of this act, and which shall be distinguished by the names of the East and West Regiments, shall be provided by the several wards of the city, and the liberties and precincts within the same, in the proportions following; (that is to say),

For the East Regiment, by the wards of

Aldgate, sixty men;

RoJJiJhaWy twelve men;

Billingsgate, forty-one men;

Bijhofjgate Within, forty-four mens Bishopsgate Without, fifty men;

Bridge,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 7^7

Bridge, twenty-six men;

Broad Street^ fifty men;

Candlewick) twenty men;

Cohnan Street^ thirty-six men;

Comb HI) thirty-six men;

Dowgate, twenty-seven men;

Langbourn, sixty-seven men;

Z/W Street, twenty men;

Partfoken) forty-five men;

Tower, sixty-six men.

And for the / % /? Regiment, by the wards of

Jlderfgate Within, and &7/W Martins-le-Grand, eighteen men }

Aldersgate Without, twenty-one men;

Bread Street) twenty-four men;

Castle Baynard) forty-four men;

Cheap) forty-four men;

Cordwainer) twenty-two men;

Cripplegate Within, forty-four men;

Cripplegate Without, thirty-six men;

Farringdon Within, eighty-four men;

Farringdon Without, one hundred and ninety-two men;

Hieenhithe) twenty-one men;

Vintry, twenty-three men;

Walb rook, twenty-seven men.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said of, CotnmyTion-at their courts, shall, and are hereby required to issue precepts to the aldermen, deputies, and common councilmen of the several the aldermen, wards of the said city and liberties thereof, requiring them to Sec. to canfe cause the number of men, herein-before appointed to be raised in the men to be their respective wards, to be provided; and the aldermen, or depu-r ties, and common councilmen, of the several wards aforesaid, or the may ^ve IO\a major part of them, shall provide the number of men directed to be bounty; raised in their respective wards, who shall be fit and able men, and be approved by two or more of the said commissionersjand who shall not have more than one child born in wedlock at the time of his enrolment, and who shall relide in the said city, or within three miles thereof; and the aldermen, or deputy, and common councilmen of the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered to give unto such men, so to be t,

provided, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten pounds to and to appoint each man, to serve in the militia for each v/3rd; and the said com- a court to re-mi In oners shall appoint a court or courts to be holden, not less ^lv^r^Vu^s than twenty days or moje than sixty days after issuing such pre-.^n f)ro-'" cepts, to receive a return of the names and places of abode of Aldermen to such persons as shall be so provided; and the alderman, or deputy, ciire6t the and common councilmen, of the several wards aforesaid, or the ward officers major part of them, shall direct the constables, beadles, or other ward officers, to give notice, in writing, to every person so provided to* provided, personally to appear at such court or courts, or before attend.at the

such court, Sec*

788 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

such of as may be appointed by such court or courts, to receive, inspeS, and attest them, which notice shall be given at his or their usual place of abode, at least six days before the time appointed for their said appearance; and such constable, beadle, or other officer, shall appear at such court or courts, or before such of to be appointed as aforesaid, and make a return on oath of the days when such notices were served; and every person so provided shall, upon such notice appear at such court, or before such of to be appointed as aforesaid, and if approved, there take an oath in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say),

t-ken*b ^er*T sincerely ptomife and swear. That I will be faith-

fonsapprovex*- an^ bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I am a Protellant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia of London, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged/

And every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of the city of London, as a private man, for the space of five years; and it shall be lawful for any one of the said of to ad* minister the said oath; and in case the said constables, beadles, or other ward officers, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to give the said notice in writing, in manner aforesaid, to every person so provided to appear as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to appear and make return on oath of the service of such notice in manner aforesaid, every such constable, beadle, or other ward officer so neglecting or refilling in either or both of the said cases, shall forfeit and pay, for each offence, any sum not exceeding the sum of forty shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the men provided by or for the several wards in the said city and liberties missionersto- not appear> or not approved by two or more of the

iffiieprecepts said of, or if through neglect, mistake, or any other to the alder- cause, the full number of men appointed to be raised in any of men. See. to the said wards shall not be duly inrolled at the court or courts orpav iol^at or ^e^ore of so to be appointed for that

for each man purpose, or if any militia man shall, before the expiration of the wanting; term for which he was to serve, die, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, or by the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment to which he shall belong, with the conJent in writing of two or more of the said of, as unfit for service, or be otherwise regularly discharged, then, and in the either of the said cases, the said of may and are hereby required immediately to issue precepts to the said alderman, deputy, and common councilmen, of the said ward wherein such deficiency or vacancy shall happen, requiring them, or the major part of them, within ten days next following, to make good such deficiency or vacancy, or to provide other men

or who shall be enrolled to serve five years. Penalty on ward officers for default.

In case of deficiency of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 789

or to pay to the said of the Aim of ten pounds for each man, in order that they may provide the same; and that if and ifthey the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen, of any of the so^Qcr jfthe wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall omit or refuse to men be not provide the quota or numb raised by or for their said re

the said quota or number of.w

proved of, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oath, each, to be and be inrolled as herein-before mentioned, or shall die, or be applied by the discharged, and others shall not be provided in their head as commission-aforesaid, the said ward shall, in lieu thereof be charged with and pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not so provided, sworn men. in, attested, and inrolled, which sum or sums of money shall be applied by the said of in providing men for the wards which shall have paid the same, who shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the same time and on the same conditions as if they had been provided by the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen of such wards respectively, as herein-before is Surplus of directed; and if any surplus of such monies shall remain, e

same shall be paid to the colonel, or such officer as he shall appart Of the point, of the regiment for which such person shall serve, and be regimental applied as part of the regimental flock purse. stockpurfe.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the aldermen, or de- Aldermen, puties, and common councilmen of the several wards of the said ^ate^lTde* city and liberties, or the major part of them, shall, and they are ^y the exJ" hereby authorised and empowered to make an equal rate upon all pences of and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, raising men. guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick

offices and buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possefs, or enjoy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, vault, cellar, or other tenement or hereditament, within their said several and respective wards, and the liberties and precincts within the same, (regard being had in making the said rate to the abilities of, and like wife to the rent paid by the said several person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners and occupiers of publick buildings), to defray the expences of raising the quota or number of men to serve in the said militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the several and respective wards aforesaid, as well as the expence of filling up such vacancies as may happen by death or discharge, as herein-before mentioned, and all other incidental charges relating thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or Appeal from persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any made To th^ rate or assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be court Of lawful for them respectively to appeal to the court of mayor and mayor and aldermen of the said cHy, whose decision shall be final and con- aldermeno elusive: provided always, That notice of such appeal shall be left

in writing at the office of the town clerk of the said city, within

tea

er of men herein appointed to be approved of, specHve wards, or, having provided &c* the ward men, any of them shall not be ap-

Rates may be levied by distress.

ten days after the sum so rated and aflfefled shall be demanded, and such appeal shall be made to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city, after such notice shall be so left as aforesaid*

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons* bodies politick: and corporate, guilds, myderies, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, or the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who shall be rated and affessed, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall refuse or neglect, by the space of fourteen days next after his, her^or their respective rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorised and appointed, either by the alderman, or his deputy, and the common councilmen for the time being in each ward, or the major part, of them, or by the said commissioners, in case the said alderman, deputy, and common councilmen, or the major part of them, shall refuse, omit, or neglect to make the rate or assessment, and appoint such collectors as herein after directed to collect and receive the same (such demand being left in writing, by the said collector or collectors, at the land, house, (hop, warehouse, vault, cellar, or other tenement, hereditament, premises, or other property, possessed, rented, or occupied by him, her, or them, to pay such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so demanded as aforesaid, unless notice of appeal shall have been left as aforesaid), or if any such notice be left, and if such appeal shall not be made accordingly to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every'or any o, f them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of the mayor, or any other magistrate of the said city, which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city are hereby authorised and required to grant, and with the a Alliance of a constable, or any peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or persons, party or parties, so refusing or neglecting, shall reside, there to seize and distrain any of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so neglecting or refusing to pay, and if the same shall not be replevied, or such rate or assessment paid, within five days next after such didrefs made, together with the cods and charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such part of the said goods and chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or assessment, and the colls and charges attending such didrefs and sale, returning the overplus (ifany)to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, the said cods and charges to be settled and allowed by the said mayor, or other magistrate, who Thai! No didrefs to'have granted such warrant or warrants respectively: provided, the^fmtts'of 'a^ways> That no such didrefs shall, by virtue of this aCi, be made the city, un- out of the limits of the said city and liberties thereof, unless such less the war- warrant or warrants respectively shall be fird backed or counter-rant bebacked signed by so me" magi (Irate of the county, city, or liberty, where strateof^the proposed to be made, which warrant or warrants

place* 2 any

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 791

any magistrate who shall be applied to for that purpose shall forthwith, and is hereby authorised and required to back or counter-sign without fee or reward.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such collector or Penalty for

collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, or to maice such distress and sale, pursuant to 5ackin^ war.

the directions of this act, except in cases wiiere such distress shall rants, or neg-

be dispensed with by the alderman, or his deputy, and the com - lcCting to aid

mon councilmen of each respective ward, or the major part of, c V -rr r 1 u u* dlftrcfs.

them, or by a court or commissioners, in cales in which his Majesty's of shall be the assessors, by virtue of this act, by writing under their hands, in respect to the poverty of the party or parties atTeffect, such collector or collectors shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to him made to back or counterlign such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such justice shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and if any constable be called upon by any collector or collectors, having such warrant or warrants, and shall refuse or neglect to aid and a (fill him or them in making such distress and sale, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of forty shillings.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Householders any inhabitant householder of any ward shall offer himself, and voluntarily serve in his own right as a private in the said militia -right exempt-(being approved of, sworn in, and inrolled as aforesaid) for the ed from the term of five years, he shall be exempt from paying the said rate rate*

for any house or premifeshe shall then or in future inhabit within the said city and liberties; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the alderman, or Aldermen, his deputy, and the common councilmen for the time being in ^d^fTer"^ each ward, within the said city or liberties, or the major part of fors> and to them, shall be the assessors, in their respective wards, to charge appoint col-all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, lectors, with guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corpo- an allowance*. rate or not corporate, and the owners and occupiers of publick

offices and buildings liable to berated in their respective wards as herein-before directed, and shall likewise be the assessor' of the trophy tax herein after directed to be continued to be raised and paid, and shall appoint proper persons to collect the said rates and taxes, and pay or allow unto such, collectors any sum or films of money, not exceeding three-pence in the pound upon the money so collected.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the alderman, or If the alder- deputy, and common councilmen of any ward, or the major part

of them, shall refuse or neglect to provide all or any of the men men

to be raised by such ward, as herein-before directed, or to supply or pay for such vacancies as may happen from death or discharge as afore- them, or levy said, according to the precepts issued to them for that purpose, or

ers may levy

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii ILL c. 92.

[179.5.

shall neglect or refuse to pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not so provided or supplied as aforesaid; and if the said alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen of any ward, or the major part of them, shall neglect or refuse to make, levy, and raise, the said rates, or to assess and levy the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the said of shall, and are hereby further authorised to make, assess, levy, and raise the said rates, and also the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen of which shall make such default, in like manner and with the like powers and authorities as the said alderman, or deputy, and common council-men, are hereby empowered to make, raise, levy, and assess the same; and the better to enable the said of to make the said rates, and assess the said tax, they are hereby authorised and impowered, if they find it requisite and necessary so to do, to and may call call upon the clerk to the of of the land tax for the to cxt^ London to produce before them the book, or books con-the land tax taining the lad assessment or assessments to the land tax upon each from the and every of the wards in the said city, and the said clerk is clerk, who hereby required to produce the same when called upon, and also it aandrfveCe to ^urn^ crnmissioners with copies of such parts thereof

copies, onpe- as may be by them required of him, upon receiving a reasonable nalty of a of compensation or allowance for his trouble therein; and in case he shall neglect or refuse to produce such book or books, or furnish such copies, he shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and pay not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds; and the said of shall apply the said rates, when received and recovered, in providing the quota of men, or so many of them as shall be wanting, for the ward so neglecting o refusing, and to the other purposes of this aL Commission-

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said of

792

and apply, such rates;

ers to appoint may and shall appoint one proper person to be adjutant to each an adjutant regiment of the said militia, and such person, if appointed out of his service in the said

mentfwho^if his Majesty's other forces, shall, during

from the army, shall preserve his rank, and m^y hold a subaltern's commission, and have brevet rank of captain, without the requisite qualification, Sec.

militia, preserve his rank in the same manner as if he had continued in that service, and the said of may give any such adjutant a commission of a lieutenant or ensign, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for a lieutenant or ensign; and it shall be lawful for the said of, on the recommendation of the colonel or commanding officer of either regiment, to appoint the adjutant of such regiment to the rank of captain by brevet, provided such adjutant has served five years in the rank of lieutenant, either in the militia or in any of his Majesty's other forces, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for captains: provided always, That no such appointment to the rank of captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the same it shall be specified in what regiment or battalion, and whether of the militia or of his Majesty's other forces, such adjutant hath served in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or

were the date or dates of his commission or commissions:

provided

5 /95-1 Aririo regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 793

provided also, That no adjutant so appointed to the rank of captain shall, by the date of such appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to the rank above, or to command any captain of a company in the said militia, nor shall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay, than that of a lieutenant; together with his pay as adjutant.^fureeon

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the "said of quarter maf-

may appoint a furgcdn and quarter matter to each regiment, and ter and regi-also a regimertt&I clerk to each regiment, who shall execute the mental clerk Office of pay matter: provided always, That no adjutant, fur- pointed^ geon, Quarter matter, or regimental clerk, shall be capable of1^' being appointed captain of a company; and no person holding a tc/be^ ? Commission of captain of a company shall be capable of being captain of a appointed adjutant, surgeon, quarter matter, or regimental clerk: company, provided nevertheless. That any regimental clerk may be ap- Regimental pointed captain lieutenant. clerk may be

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every adjutant, regi- neutenant mental clerk; and quarter matter, to be appointed by virtue sparQf acpu this act, shall receive the usual pay of such offices and appoint- tants regi'- rfients in other militia forces, or such other allowance as the said mental clerks, of shall think proper and adequate to the service; quarter maf-and that serjeant majors, serjeants, corporals, drum and fife

majors, and drummers and fifers, shall receive the same pay asCi

those of the rest of the militia forces of this kingdom; and the said of may make such civil appointments as they Civil appoint*

shall fee necessary for carrying the purposes of this act into ments ma>' be

execution. ma e*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the pay of the said Pay of the militia shall be ittiled by the treasurer appointed by the said of in the same manner as the receiver general of the treasurer, as land tax for every county, riding, or place, within that part of by thereceir*Great Britain called England, where the militia is raised, are di- er general of redled to issue the pay of such militia by any act which now is,

or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the charge of the pay

and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, and the same shall be subjectt to the regulations directed by of contained in any such act; and the regimental or battalion Regimental clerks appointed to the said militia shall give security by bond to clerks to gwe the said of, in like manner as the clerk of each re- reeb^giment or battalion of militia is directed by any such act to give ments* security to his Majesty, which bonds shall be lodged with the said treasurer, and put in suit by him in the name of the said of, in the same manner as is directed by such and he shall be entitled to the like costs, and five pounds per centum on the money recovered, as thereby directed, and the residue shall be accounted for by him to the said commissioners, and the said regimental or battalion clerks shall annually deliver and pay in their accounts, and pay the balances in their hands to the said balances to treasurer, in the same manner as the clerk of every regiment or treasurer, battalion of militia is directed by such act to deliver in his accounts, and pay the balance in his hands to the receiver general

Cods of salt recoverable as by the militia act.

Officers on half pay serving as lieutenants, &c. may receive it on taking the following

of the land tax for each county; and all costs and charges of suit shall be recoverable in like manner as by the said acte is directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no officer, who is entitled to half pay. shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such half pay during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, regimental clerk, pay master, quarter master, or surgeon, in the said militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue, and instead of the oath directed by the act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, to be taken by such officer, he shall take the following oath that is to say.

oath.

I A.B. do swear. That I had not, between 4 X any place or employment of profit, civil

or military, under his Majesty, befiaes my allowance of half x pay as a reduced in late regiment of save and except my pay as lieutenant, [ensign, adjutant, regimental clerk, paymaster, quarter master, ory surgeon, as the case may bef] for serving in the said militia/

Proportions of non-commissioned officers and drummers, and when to be cloathed.

Kon-commissioned officers to take the following oath.

And the taking of the said oath, without taking any other oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be appointed to the said militia as follows; (that is to say), there shall be three serjeants, three corporals, and two drummers to each company, with the addition of one drummer to each of the flank companies; and such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be new cloathed, when not in actual service, once in two years, or oftner if necessary, at the discretion of the said of; and all serjeants and corporals shall take the following oath; (that is to say),

4 T A* B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithX ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George^ 4 and I do swear, that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve as a serjeant [or corporal, as the case may be] in the said militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the de fence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged/

Colonel may And the colonel of each regiment may appoint a serjeant major appoint a fer- out of the serjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers; ami drum* an^ serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any

major. pay as such in the said militia, shall be deemed to be engaged,

"Non comm if- and compellable to serve in the said militia until they shall be lean ^drurn0^ discharged: provided always, That every serjeant, corporal, mers, having anc* drummer, appointed in the said militia, shall reside in the received pay, city of London, or within one mile thereof: and provided also, compellable to That no person who shall keep any house of publick entertain-within acer-e ment>or who shall sell ale, or wine, or brandy, or other spirituous taindiftancei liquors,

4 795*3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 795

liquors, by retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or serving^nd shall not as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia. eican&#

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant, cor- ^bar^enon-poral, drummer, or fifer, may be discharged by the colonel, or commissioned by the commanding officer, (with the consent of the captain of officers, and the company), and that the captain, with the approbation of the drummers, commanding officer, may appoint any proper person in the room maCfill of every serjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, who shall Up vacancies, desert, or be discharged 5 all which serjeants and corporals so appointed shall take the like oath as is herein-before required

to be taken by serjeants and corporals.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the colonel Officers may and other officers of both or either regiment of the said militia

shall be desirous of keeping up a greater number of drummers drummers, than two for each company, to be employed as fifers or musicians paying the for the use of the said militia, and shall be willing to defray the expence, expence of such additional drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the colonel of each or either regiment to engage any additional number of drummers to act as fifers or musicians in their respective regiments, and all such drummers so engaged to serve in the said militia shall be deemed as drummers in the said militia, within the meaning of this act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same orders, regulations, penalties, and punishments, as other drummers of militia are by this act subject to, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and ftoathing as other drummers have, or better cloathing; in lieu thereof, and no longer.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said militia, Militia to be or at leaf! half thereof, appointed as aforesaid, shall be trained successiyedays and exercised once in every year for twenty-eight days together, annually, and at such time and place, (not exceeding the distance of five miles subject to the from the city of London, or as to four days, part of the said mutiny aft. twenty-eight days, not exceeding ten miles from the said city),

as shall be appointed by the said of; and during such time as the said militia shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things, contained in any act of parliament which shall then be in forte for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the said militia, and all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the same shall be subject and liable thereto, in all cases whatsoever; but so that no punishment shall extend to lols of life or limb. Notice of the

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That notice of the time time and place and place of exercise of the said militia shall be sent by the clerk be affixe^on of the said of to the ward clerks, beadles, or other the church officers of the several wards of the said city, with directions to doors, and lifts cause such notice to be affixed fin the doors of the churches or the men chapels in their respective vc and all such militia men shall f^tby the*duly attend at the time and place of exercise, according to such clerk to the

COG2 notice j colonel,

79*5

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

notice; and the said clerk shall, ten days at lead before the time appointed for the annual exercise, transmit to the colonel of each regiment, (or to such person as shall be by him appointed to receive the same), a fall and true lift, specifying the name, place of abode, and date of inrolment, of all persons inrolled to serve in their respective regiments, and shall in like manner cause a duplicate of stich lift to be transmitted to the adjutant of each regiment.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every adjutant, fep-jeant major, serjeant, corporal, drum major, drummer, and fifer, mutin* laws t^iea, c^ shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, and shall be under command of the colonel of the regiment to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the

Adjutants, &c. to be

Colonel may direct the

holding courts co^one^ to direct the holding of courts martial, whenever such martial when regiment shall be embodied or called out for the purpose of theregimentis annual exercise, for the trial of any serjeant major, serjeant, cor-embodied, for poral, drum major, or drummer of such regiment, for any of* teaht^iors ^ence committed during the time such regiment was not embo-&c. for pre- died or called out, but no punishment shall extend to the loss vious offences, of life or limb.

Kon-commis-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant or cordoned officers poral of the said militia may, by sentence of a court martial, be

may be reduced to privates.

reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the said militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding fifteen months, after which time, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-commissioned officer, he mall be discharged from the service.

Arms, See, to

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the arms, accou-the^comm^fr trementsi anc* cloathing, belonging to the said militia, when not sioners ftiaif on duty, or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as appoint. the said of shall appoint; and that new cloaths shall Privates to be be provided for the private militia men, at leaf! once in every clothed every ve years, when not embodied for actual service.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioned

live years when not em-

bodied.

Pay of the militia.

Men may be put under stoppages.

and non-commissioned officers of the said militia shall receive the same pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom, and no other; and when assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, the private men shall receive one shilling per day each man; during which time it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under stoppages, not exceeding sixpence per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, and also with {lockings and other necessaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's neglect: provided always, That every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for the purposes aforesaid, shall pay the sum remaining (if there shall beany) 2 into

797

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.

into the hands of the rrjiliria man to whom the same belongs, before such militia man shall be dismissed from such training and exercis<?.

XXXIV. Andy in order to prevent the privileges of the said city from being infringed by the billeting or quartering of soldiers therein y be it further enacted, That the non-commissioned officers, Allowance drummers, fifers, and private men, serving in the said militia, n heu of shall, when embodied or called out for annual exercise, or when <luarters* ordered out by the said of, or by the lord mayor for the time being, or other magistrates, as herein after directed, or in any manner be in actual service within the city of London or liberties thereof, be allowed, in lieu of quarters, at the rate of one shilling and nine-pence per week each man, to provide lodging, in addition to their pay: provided always, That if ^ot^efidin^C* shall appear that any or either of the said ferjeauts, corporals, ^thuAhe^ drummers, or fifers, have not actually and bona fide relided with- prescribed in the said city, or within one mile thereof, according to the limits, not en-provisions of this act, then and in such case such serjeant, cor- ^d to wy poral, drummer, or fifer, shall not be entitled to the said allowance, or to any part thereof.

XXXV. J}nd for the better and more speedy execution of the premises, be it further enacted, That the said of shall C om million-be and are hereby required to appoint one or more treasurer or ^reasurers^and treasurers, clerk or clerks, for receiving and paying such monies cierfcs.

as shall be received or levied by virtue of this act, and of all which receipts and disbursements the said treasurer or treasurers, ekrk or clerks, are once in every year to give their accounts in writing, and upon oath, to the said of, which oath the said of are hereby empowered and required to administer j and that a duplicate of the said account, so far as Account erf the same relates to the receipts and disbursements of the trophy bedellvered tax by thp said of, be annually certified on oath, and annuallvtothe delivered by the said clerk or treasurer to the mayor, aldermen, corporation and commons of the city of London, in common council affem- before a new bled, previous to the making of any new rate or assessment of rate 1S mac*e# the trophy tax.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said of shall, and they are hereby required to treasurers take such security from the treasurer or treasurers, clerk or and clerks, clerks, to be appointed by virtue of this act, for the due execution of their respective offices, as shall be satisfactory to the said of.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of In case of in-actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all

cases of rebellion or in fur region', it shall be lawful for his Ma- ^yorderthe jesty (the occasion being first communicated to parliament, if militia to be the parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and embodied, notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting subject to the or in being), to order and direct the said of with all mutm^ aws* convenient speed to draw out and embody the said militia, or ffich p'^rt as his Majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and

G g g 3 in

His Majesty within 12 months from

798 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

in such manner as shall be best adapted to the circumstances of the danger; and the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men of the said militia shall, from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall by his Majesty's orders be disembodied, be subject and liable to all the provisions contained in any act of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and such act shall be in force with respect to the said militia, and shall extend to all the officers, non-commissioned -officers, drummers, fifers, and private men, in all cases whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And whereas the militia of this kingdom is now drenvn out and embodied, be it therefore further enacted, That it

passing this a<fr shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his figri out manual, at any time within twelve calendar months from and uc mi itia 5 a^ter tjle passing of this act, to draw out and embody the said militia of the city of London, or such part thereof as his Majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, subject to the reflri&ions and regulations herein after directed > and from the time of their being so drawn out and embodied, and until they shall by his Majesty's orders be disembodied, the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men of the said militia, shall be subject and liable to the same penalties as are hereinbefore directed in other cases when the said militia shall be embodied.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from the date of his Majesty's warrant for the embodying and drawing out the said militia into actual service, and until they shall be disembodied by his Majesty's orders, the officers, non-commissioned of-

mentsofscot; ficers, and private men of the same, shall be entitled to the comSffioned ^ame Pay as 01^cers* non-commissioned officers, and private "'men of his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, and no

other; and if any non-commissioned officer or private man of the said militia shall be maimed or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally entitled to the benefit of Cheljia hospital with any non-commissioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majesty's forces.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the said militi^ shall be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to put one regiment of the said militia under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall be pleasec( to appoint, and to direct the said regiment to be led, by its refPe^ve Pfficers5 for the repelling and preventing of any invasion, and for the iuppression of any rebellion or insurrection, to any place not exceeding the distancemf twelve miles from the said city, or to the nearest place of encampment beyond the said distance of twelve miles; and the other regiment shall remain in the city of London, or the liberties or suburbs thereof, for the defence of the said city and liberties and suburbs.

and when drawn out to be entitled to the same pay as other regi-

officers and privates to Chelsea hospital.

When drawn out, his Majesty may put one regiment under the command of general officer; to a certain uiitarice.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 799

XLI. And be it farther enacted, That when the said militia Commission-shall be embodied or drawn out into actual service, and during ers. ap" the time they shall continue in actual service, the said commis-, n anagen sioners may appoint an agent to the said militia, and the said of shall take security from such agent.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every militia man. Militia men being sworn in and enrolled, and every serjeant, corporal, drum- ffibjed to mer, and fifer, raised by virtue of this act, or by virtue of the c^io^as^far said two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth relates to pe-years of the reign of his present Majesty, for better ordering the nalties for not said militia, shall be subject to every clause, provision, matter, attending an-and thing, contained in the said act of the twenty-sixth year of f^dcfcrttnc* the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending &c#

and reducing into one act of parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punishments of militia men, fer-jeants, corporals, and drummers, for not attending the annual exercise, for deserting during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for inlisting into the army, or offering so to inlist, or inlisting into any other militia; or for felling or pawning their arms, accoutrements, or cloaths, or neglecting or refusing to return them in good order, and shall be proceeded against in manner directed by the said act; and all provisions and directions in the said act, for the apprehension and pursuit of deserters, shall be deemed to extend to this act, and the said militia men shall be entitled to the same bounty, when ordered to march to any encampment, by his Majesty's orders, as is granted by the said act to other militias on being marched out of their respective counties; and every person having served Married mifi in the said militia, when embodied and drawn out into actual*a ay service, being a married man, may set up and exercise any p^rt^of Great trade in any town or place in Great Britain, as directed by the Britain, said act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said mi- Militia when litia, or any part thereof, having been so embodied and drawn <h^mbodied out into actual service as aforesaid, shall be again disembodied, the orders t<? and the officers and private men thereof dismissed to return to they were sub-their several places of abode, the officers, non*commissioned je& to before officers, drummers, and private men, shall be subject only to the drawn out. same orders, directions, and engagements as they are made subject to under this act, before being so embodied and drawn out into actual service as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the How the pay, necessary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other incidental expences of the said militia, it shall be lawful for the said defrayed, of to raise and levy in every year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the proportion of one month's tax, amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, which the said city hath beenfed to pay, by virtue of an act of parliament, passed in the thir-

g g g 4. teenth

Soo

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.

[1795? teenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties in this kingdom, apd the said commissioners shall be accountable for the same, and in addition thereto the receiver general of the land tax for the said city shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually to the treasurers appointed by the said of, upon his producing an order of the court of lieutenancy for that purpose, signed by nine of, so much money as shall be necessary, in aid of the trophy tax^ towards the expence of training, exercising, paying, employing, and keeping in readiness, the said militia, and other incidental expences relating thereto \ and the receipt of the said treasurer^ indorsed on the said order, shall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money so to be issued and paid by him*

XLV. Provided always, That any thing in this act contained shall not extend to annul or affect the rate or assessment of the trophy tax heretofore made, by virtue of his Majesty's warrant for raising the said tax for one year, commencing from Christmas one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or so much thereof as now remains uncollected, or not accounted for to the faicj' of.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That whep the said militia shall not be embodied, according to the provisions of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, when and so not embodied, often as it shall seem to them requisite and necessary, to order the and reviewed ferje3nts> corporals, and privates of the said two regiments, or and to be kept either of them, or so many of them as to {he said of, in readiness may seem expedient, to be put in polio (ft on of their cloaths, arms, to be put un- anc| accoutrements, and to be inspected, trained, and reyieweq of the 1 ^r<ferS ^ten as of shall think fit and necessary,

Qr' r and with their proper officers, or such officers as they fl>all appoint^ to be kept in constant readiness to be put under the orders of the lord mayor, or any three or more of the magistrates of the said city, who shall have power and authority to call out the whole of the said officers, serjeants, corporals, and privates, or any part of them, for the suppression of riots, or any other duty for whiclt they may be required, for; he better preservation of the peace the said city.

XLVII. Provided always, That it shall and may he lawful, in case of any sudden emergency, for the said lord mayor, or any three or more of the magistrates of the city of London for the time being, by an order in writing to the colonel or colonel, or commanding officers of both or either of the said regiments, to c*dl out the whole of the said officers, serjeants, corporals, and privates, or any part of them, for the suppression of any riots or tumults, or for the more effectually guarding against the same, and to order the said officers, serjeants, corporals, and privates, to be put into poffiffion of their cloaths, arms, and accoutrements, for the purposes aforesaid; and the said colonel or commanding officer, upon receipt of the said order, shall immediately obey the same to the belt of his power, and appoint a proper commanding officer

Act not to affect the trophy tax commencing Christmas, 1792.

The of may order the militia, when

mayor or magistrates;

who may call the whole or part out for the suppression of riots;

in which case a court of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 801

officer to command and lead forth the said serjeants, corporals, drummers, and privates, so called out by the said order: provided, That in any such case it shall be incumbent upon the said a court ot lord mayor, within twenty-four hours after the making and ls to fending of such order, to summon and hold a court of lieutenancy, moned, to and to such court, or to the first court that shall be holden after whom the the making and issuing such order, the lord mayor, or the magistrates making and issuing such order, shall report his or their pro- be reported, peedings, and reasons for calling out of the said officers, serjeants, corporals, and privates, or such part of them as may have been so called out, and the said coqrt shall thereupon make such further order therein, with respect to the continuing out or calling in the said officers, serjeants, corporals, or privates, or such of them as may have been called out as aforesaid, as they shall deem expedient: provided, That in case a sufficient number of his Majesty's ^nlber^f^ of of lieutenancy shall not assemble to make a court commissionw within the said twenty-four hours, that then and in that case the ers to make said lord mayor shall issue forth a fresh summons to hold a court a court shall v/itnin twenty-four hours after the issuing such fresh summons, j?*' and in case the said court shall not assemble within the said next m0nstobc twenty-four hours, that then and in that case the said lord mayor ifhied. shall continue to issue a fresh summons once in every twenty-four hours, until a sufficient number of of of lieutenancy shall have assembled to make a court of lieutenancy; and that in the mean time and until the assembling and holding the said court, it shall be lawful for the said lord mayor, in case the order was issued by or from the lord mayor, or if issued by three or more magistrates, then by the magistrates who issued such order, to continue out on duty, or to dismiss the said commanding officers, serjeants, corporals, drummers, and privates, or so many of them as he or they shall think expedient; and the said officers and men, when so called out in either case as aforesaid, and those who shall by the said of be put in possession of their cloaths, arms, and accoutrements, to be kept in constant readiness, as aforesaid, shall be subject to the penalties and provisions of any ad that shall be then in force for the punishment of mutiny and desection, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to be entitled to the same pay as when assembled for their annual exercise.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every militia man who shall not appear when called out by the said of, for not ap_ or lord mayor, or any three or more magistrates as aforesaid, for pearing when the suppression of riots, or any other duty, for the preservation of called out by the peace of the said city, within the times hereafter mentioned, after notice shall have been given or left at his last or usual place \QV& m^y0r# of abode, shall be subject to the following penalties; (that is to or magis. say), every serjeant, corporal, drummer, and fifer, who shall not trates. appear at the place, and within two hours of the time appointed by the said notice, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, if not within four hours five pounds, and if not within six hours, to be deemed a deserter, and proceeded against as such; and that every

private

8o

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

private man in the said militia, who shall be receiving pay at the time of being so ordered out, who shall not appear at the time and place appointed for that purpose within two hours of the time appointed by the said notice, shall forfeit (he sum of twenty shillings, and if not within four hours, fifty shillings, and if not within six hours, to be deemed a deserter, and proceeded against: as such; and that every private man of the said militia, who shall not be receiving pay at the time of being so ordered out, who shall not appear at the time and place appointed by the said notice, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and if not within twelve hours twenty shillings, and if not within twenty-four hours, to be deemed a deserter, and proceeded against as such: provided always, That no prosecution or proceeding shall be had or commenced against any such private militia man not receiving pay at the time of being called out as aforesaid, without the order of the said court of lieutenancy.

XLIX. And in order that the families of perfns serving in the said militia may have ike relief herein after directed\ be it further en-The alder- acted, That the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen dividelthe0^ eac^ war(3s, or the major part of them, shall divide

quota of men the quota of men raised in each ward, whether the same shall amongst the have been raised by the said aldermen, deputy or common cour>-> parishes, and oilmen, or the major part of them, or by the said of whkh^each by virtue of this act, amongst the parishes within such ward, and serves, that specify for which parish each man serves, in order that the the parish of- churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish may be ficers may he resorted to for defraying the expences of providing for the fami-defta^n^h^es Per*ns serving in the militia as may become entitled

expences of to relief, in manner as by this act directed; and in case the alder-their families, men, or deputy, and common councilmen of either or any of the said wards, or the major part of them, shall omit or neglect to divide the said quotas of men among the parishes in such respect tive wards, in manner herein-before directed, the said of shall and are hereby required, authorised, and empowered, to make such division for such ward or wards, and fro order the parish, or parishes for which such person or persons shall be allotted to serve, to be entered upon the roll herein-before directed to be provided for the inrolment of the said militia men, in order that the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish or parishes may be resorted to for defraying the expences of providing for the families of such persons, serving in the said militia, as may become entitled to relief, in manner as by this act is directed 5 and the clerk of the said of is hereby required to deliver to the churchwardens or overseers of the parishes and liberties of the said city, from time to time, lifts of the said men that are allotted to such parishes and liberties as aforesaid,

L. Whereas the families of persons serving in the said militia, when embodied and called into actual service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parishes or liberties whereunio they are allotted.y by the regulation of this and the families ofserjeants, corpo-

rally drummeriy and fifers, serving the rein, when embodied and

called

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 803

called into actual service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parish to which they belong, and it is necessary provision should be made for such fa?nilies; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person serving in the said militia, If non-com-or any person serving in the room or place of any man originally inrolled to serve therein, or any serjeant, corporal, drummer, mer^orpri^ fifer, serving the rein, shall, when embodied and called out intOvates*, when actual service, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to ordered to support themselves, the overseer or overseers of the poor of the Jnar<^1* parish, liberty, tything, or township, where the family of such militia man shall dwell, shall, by the order of some one justice of the overseers*, the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such parish, by order of a liberty, tything, or township, pay to such family such weekly justice, to re-allowance as to such justice shall seem expedient, not exceeding ^ekly out of the ordinary price of one day's labour, for each and every child the poor born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and for the wife rates, of such militia man, whether she shall or shall not have any child or children, and provided she does not follow the regiment; and in every parish, liberty, tything or township, where the money arising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made for raising a sum sufficient for that purpose; and in case any such militia man shall not be Treasurer to

allotted to the parish or liberty where his family shall dwell, or the the commif-'*j*lioners

family of any such serjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, shall not imburseparii(h

belong to the parish, liberty, tything, or township, where such officers, if the

family shall dwell at the time of marching as aforesaid, then every men are not

such weekly allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the over-

seer or overseers of such parish, liberty, tything, or township, by fhefamily

the treasurer to the said of, on his or their producing dwells,

and leaving with the said treasurer a certificate of the order of the

justice allowing such relief, which certificate the said justice is

hereby required to grant accordingly.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such cases in Treasurer to which the said treasurer shall reimburse to any overseer or over-seers of the poor of any parish, liberty, tything, township, or vill, which1the

any sum or sums of money, paid in pursuance of the directions of men are this act, on account of the weekly allowance to the family of any allotted, of the persons aforesaid, serving in the said militia, who shall not he allotted or belong to the parish or liberty where such family shall dwell, the money so reimbursed by the said treasurer shall be repaid him by the overseer or overseers of the parish or liberty to which such militia man shall be allotted or belong, and the said treasurer shall lay an account of the monies so paid by him before the justices of the peace for the said city, at their next general or quarter sessions, for their allowance thereof, and the said justices shall, and they are hereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the overseers of the poor of the parish or liberty to which such militia man shall be allotted or belong to make good the same to the said treasurer out of the poor's rates of such parish or liberty; and all payments so made by such overseer or overseers, in pursuance of such order or orders

of

Penalty of xol. on parish officers for not paying money ordered by _ justices, which may be levied by distress*

Application ot penalty.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter fef. nons, who may finally determine the matter and award costs*

Allowances to families not to compel them to be sent to work-houses, nor to deprive the husbands of their legal

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

of such justice or justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective accounts.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any churchwarden or overseer of the poor shall, on demand made in pursuance of any order of any justice or justices of the peace, to be granted in either case as aforesaid, for the payment of any sum of money, and after the producing of the said order to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the sum or sums of money directed to be paid in or by such order, every such churchwarden or overseer of the poor so refusing or neglecting to make such payment shall, for every such neglect, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the party accused, before the justice making such order, or any other justice of the peace of the county, city, or place, whpre the offence shall be committed, which said justice is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint; made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and to examine into the matter of fads, and upon due proof thereof as aforesaid to give judgement for such penalty, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, causing the overplus, if any, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to be rendered to the party; and the penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one moiety thereof to the party aggrieved, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall find himself aggrieved by any such order of any justice or justices of the peace for the payment of any such sum of money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace of the same county, riding, division, city, or place, when any demand, in pursuance of such order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same; and it shall be lawful for the said justices, at such sessions, to award and order, where they shall see occasion, the payment of such sum and sums of money, which such appellant, as churchwarden or overseer of the poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such order made by virtue of this act, and hath neglected to pay, in manner aforesaid; and in every such case the said justices, at the said general or quarter sessions, may award and order to the party for whom and in whose behalf such appeal shall be determined, or to whom notice of appeal shall have been given, such costs and charges in the law as they shall think reasonable: provided always, That the respective allowances, which may be made as aforesaid to the families of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, and of persons serving in the said militia, shall not occasion such families to be removeable, or compelled to be sent to any workhouse or poor house, nor shall such serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, and private men, serving in the said

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 805

said militia, be thereby deprived of their legal settlements elsewhere, nor of their right of voting for the election off members to serve in parliament*

LIV. And be it farther enacted, That the adjutants appointed or to be appointed to the said militia, who shall by age or infirmity be rendered unfit for further services, shall be entitled to the same provision as is allowed to other adjutants of militia, by any act that now is or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England; and that any person being a serjeant on the establishment of Chelsea at an allowance of twelve-pence per day, and being appointed to serve in the said militia, shall and may receive the said allowance of twelve-pence per day, together with his pay from the said militia, in like manner as in other militia forces; and any person who shall have served as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, who shall be discharged for age or infirmity, shall, on a recommendation from the commanding officer of the regiment to which he belongs, and a court of the said of, be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelsea Hospital with the serjeants, corporals, and drummers, of the other militia forces of this kingdom.

settlements or right of Voting for members of parliament.

Adjutants to h*ve the same allowances act in other regiments*

Serjeants may receive their allowance on the establishment of Chd-sea.

Non-commissioned officers and drummers entitled to the benefit of Chelsea hospital.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of a Acceptance of

commission in the said militia shall not vacate the feat of any com, ffin

A r J not to vacate

member returned to serve tn parliament; and that no person feats in par_

being an officer in the said militia shall be compelled to serve the liament.

office of sheriff. Officers not

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no liable to serve

officer or private militia man of the said militia shall be liable to as

any penalty or punishment, for or on account of his absence Militia men

during the time he shall be going to vote at any eledHon of a y^not

member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be punishable for

returning from such election. going to elec-

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or other tIons-

commanding officer of each regiment shall and is hereby re- A state of the

quired as often as the said regiment shall be called out to annual eii called

exercise, as before directed, to return to the said of a o^to annual

true state of such regiment; and in case the colonel or command- exercise, to be

ing officer of either or both regiments shall refuse or neglect, for returned to

the space of three calendar months after the said annual exercise, commis-

so to do, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum pemally

of one hundred pounds. 100l. 7

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no serjeant, coporal, No serjeant,

drummer, or fifer, of the said militia, or any private man, from compel-

the time of his enrolment until he shall be regularly discharged to ierve

from the said militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer parish^fficer,

or parish officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty's sea forces. or in the navy.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an a4 Geo. a.

aeff, passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late c. 44. to ex-

majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the render- tend 10 the

ing justices of the peace more faf* in the execution of their office, and for missioners,

8o6

Anno regni tricesimo sexto GEORGII IIl c. 92.

i1795>

Officers of city militia to fit only on trials of officers and soldiers of other militia regiments, See,

Act not to prejudice the rights of the city.

assessors, and for indemnifying confables and others act ing in obedience to their war-collectors. rants, shall extend to the said mayor and aldermen, and atfo to his Majesty's said of, and the assessors and collectors, in the execution of this act, or any other which relates to the said militia, in like manner and as fully and effectually as the same extends to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no officer fer'ving in the said militia shall fit on any court martial upon the trial of any officer or soldier serving in any of his Majesty's forces, other* than militia forces, nor shall any officer serving in any of his Majesty's forces, other than the militia forces* fit on any court martial upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the said militia.

LXI. And, in order that the rights and privileges of the city of London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not diminish pr be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen citizens or inhabitants of the said city, or the suburbs and liberties of the same, or of all privileged places within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, or usage, but the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and freemen citizens and inhabitants of the said city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said rights, liberties, usages, customs, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if this act had not been made.

LXII. And whereas the said militia being an amendment or regulation of the ancient trained bands of the city of London, be it enacted, That the said militia already raised, and to be raised by virtue of this act, shall possess and enjoy all and singular the rights and privileges which were possessed and enjoyed by the ancient trained bands of the city of London, and which are not varied, altered, or taken away by this ach

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, ^enaKies011 anc* ^or^e^tures h}7 this a<^ iniposed, which shall exceed the sum of P'twenty pounds, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVcjl^ minfer, wherein no privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence before the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city, or any justice of the peace for the county, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, magistrate, or other justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been

Militia to enjoy the rights of i he trained bands.

Recovery and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. 7

been so distrained and fold, and for want of sufficient distress the said mayor, magistrate, or justice, is hereby required in all cases (when no particular time of commitment is by this act directed) to commit such offender to prison where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the treasurer appointed by the said commissioners, to be applied for the general purposes of this act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress Distress not shall be made for any sum or firms of money to be levied by vir- -unlawful for tue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, Wan or rm* nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage by an action on the case.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No rate or rate or assessment, nor any order to be made, or proceeding to be P^oc^to had, or any other matter or thing to be done, transadied in, or for^nt of relating to the execution of this act, by the said court of mayor form, orre-and aldermen, or by his Majesty's of of lieutenancy moveable by for the time being, or the assessors or collectors acting under the Certiorari, authority of this act, or by the court of quarter sessions of the said city, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity, trespass, or other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall have been made by or the on behalf of the party or parties, who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where any such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into the court such sum of moneyas he or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, or order and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other adfcions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be Limitation of brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance of actions. this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards^ and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere*and the defendant or defendants

8o8 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgi! Ill* t. 93^97 [ 1 j()i General issue, ants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to Be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants* in afiy action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited* dr discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgement mall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs. Treble costs. the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like reniedy for the same rts any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

[Publick act.]

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juhices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

cap xcur.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, mad in the thirty-firit year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan, and for making improvements in the lights at the Mumbles.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for btlilding a bridge OVer the river Jtchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town, and cotmty of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from West End to Botley, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. XCV.

An act for authorisuig the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston canal navigation to vary the coiirfe of a certain part of the said canal, and for amending and altering the act made in the thirty* fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the course of the said canal and collateral cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

CAP. XCVII.

An act to enable his Majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancaster, to make a grant of certain lands, for the purpose of carrying into execution an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmorland, to West Hough* ton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Puxpury, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 98  104. 809 CAP. XCVIII.

An act for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the haven of the town and port of Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for the more effectually embanking, draining, preferring, and m proving certain low lands and grounds, lying and being in the several parishes or townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Grindley on the Hill,

Mifterton, and Walkeringham, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. C.

An act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain tracts of common and waste lands, called Marshland Smeeth, and Marshland Fen, lying within the country of Marshland, in the county of Norfolk; and for Hinting and regulating' the flocking, feeding, and depasturing of the said fmeeth and fen, until the inclosure, division, and allotment thereof.

CAP. CL

An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields, ings, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the several townships of Morton, Walkerith, Ealt Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CIL

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Lincoln, and county of the same city, and of the parish of Saint Margaret, part whereof lies within the said city, and the other part in the close of Lincoln, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CIII.

An act for re-building the parish church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle-street, within the city of London.

CAP. CIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery,

[May 18, 1796.]

780, 000k to be raised by a lottery, to conlift of 60, 000 tickets, at 13l. each. All persons who have made deposits of ik tos. for each ticket, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions, at the times following, viz. ih 10s. by June 3, 1796,  zk by July 15,  zk by Align ft 19,  zk by September 16,  zk by October zr,  and the remaining zl. by November 18; and the contributors for each 13k advanced, shall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before October zr, to be allowed discount at 3k per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13k each. Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000k the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this felHon. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 104. [1795.

[Proviso.]

into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Three prizes of 20, 000k  Four of 10, cod.  Five of 5, 000k  Five of 2, 000k  Eight of i, ooool.  fifteen of 500k  Fifty of look  One hundred and eighteen of 50k  and nineteen thousand eight hundred of 17k  1,000k to the first drawn ticket, and i, cooh to the lait drawn ticket. Tickets in the outermost column of the hit mentioned books, to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), cc. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 6, 1797. Method to be observed in drawing, fee. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjured by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, &c. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13k paid. After June 3, 1796, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the refulue of such sums after de-dubbing the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may reward, the managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 5cc, ocok for the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction on July 1, 1797, Szc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &c. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this adh No fee to be, taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20k No person to take down the number of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive Irom the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint" the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any person and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. 50l. penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, &c. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it ill all appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited a certain number of tickets. See. Persons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences the of may give up bonds or put them in salt. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit, or divide into shares, fifty tickets to be void, and the defaulters to be pub!ifiled in the Gazette, &c. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void in such cases. Licences granted after the commencement of this act, shall be void for offences against this act, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convicted. 20k penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words, " Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, " after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, Szc may be authorised to carry on business ior the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and ftxteenths, on penalty of 50k Application and recovery of penalties. Persons counterfeiting shares, &c. guilty of felony. Persons preparing or having in their custody any register or lift of tickets, but as in this act particularized, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lifts, &c.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 105, 106. 8x1

to forfeit 50l. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, See. Persons discovered in such houses, concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, Sec. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions, to be deemed rogues and vagabonds.

Manner in which anions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties filed for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process, &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

CAP. CV.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of 200,000l. to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CVI.

An act to amend an act, made in the Lift session of parliament, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the.bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.'

[May 18, 1796.]

WHEREAS an a8 was made in the loft session of parliament, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Baha?na and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than Bi'itish ships: 7 and whereas it is expedient to alter the periods at which the average prices of sugar shall be taken during the present year \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act as provides, that if on the twenty-third day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar, taken in the manner directed by an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall not exceed the price therein mentioned, that then and in such case the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar should not be paid and allowed, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed,

II. And be it further -enabled, That if on the twenty-third day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and on the twenty-third day of February, twenty-third day of August,

HHH2 and

[Preamble.]

35 Geo. 3. c. no, recited.

So much of recited act as provides, that if, on August3>1796, the average price of brown sugar shall not exceed a certain price, the drawback and bounty should not be paid, repealed.

And if the average price shall not at the periods herein men*

8i2 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107  no.

[1795.

tioned exceed and twenty-third day of October, in the year one thousand seven the drawback hundred an^ ninety-seven, the average prices'of brown or Muf-an-d bounty to covado sugar, taken in the manner directed by the said act made be paid. in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the six weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-five shillings for an hundred weight, exclusive of the duty of customs paid or payable thereon, on the importation thereof into Great Britain, then and - in such case the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall be paid and allowed; any thing in the said recited act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance

III. And jt further enacted, That the provisions of this L aft shall have continuance until and upon the thirty-first day of

December one thousand feveil hundred and ninety-six, 'and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. CVII.

An act for continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveties for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CVIII.

An act to continue several laws, therein-mentioned, relating to the better encouragement of the making of fail doth in Great Britain, to the en-couraging the manufacturec of British fail doth, and securing the duties on foreign fail doth imported; to securing the duties upon foreign made fail doth, and charging foreign made (acts with a duty; and to the

allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.--

[May 18, 1796.]

Act 33 Geo. 2. c. 17. for encouraging the making of fail doth in Great Britain, continued to Sept. 29, 1799. Act 9 Geo. 2. c. 37. for encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, as amended by 33 Geo. 3. c. 49. continued to Sept. 29, 1799. Act 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. for the more effectual securing the duties on foreign made sail cloth imported, continued to Sept. 29, 1799- Act 6 Geo. 3. c. 45. so far as relates to granting a bounty on exportation of British rriade cordage continued for four years.

CAP. CIX.

An act further to continue an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[May 18, 1796.]

Continued to Jan. 5, 1797.

CAP. CX.

An act for permitting the carrying coastwise of lime, limefone, dung, and other articles of manure, without taking out sufferance^ transre, or let-pass.

[May 18, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that lime, limes ones, and other articles, necessary for the cultivation and improvement of land, .\ should be removed coajhoise, zuith as' little expence as pofible; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. in* 813

authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June From June r, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, no fufterance, war- /^nce to be> rant, transire, or other document whatever, shall be required by required for any officer or officers of the customs for or on the shipping, car- shipping or rying, conveying, removing, or landing coastwise, within the landingcoaft-kingdom of Great Britain, of any lime, limestones, chalk, sand, wife lime, &c. marie, or dung, nor shall any fee, gratuity, or reward, be charged, received, or taken, by any officer or officers of the customs, for or on the shipping, carrying, conveying, removing, or landing coastwise, within the said kingdom of any of the said articles, on any pretence whatever; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXI.

An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the paper manufactory.

[May 18, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great numbers of journeymen paper makers, in

various parts of this kingdom, have lately entered into unlawful meetings and combinations to obtain an wircasonable advance of their wages, and for other illegal purposes, and the lavas at present in force against such unlawful conduct have been found to be inadequate to the suppression thereof whereby it is become mecejjary that more effectual provifeon should be made against jiich unlawful combinations, and for preventing such unlawful practices for the future, and for bringing all offenders in the premises to more speedy and exemplary justice\ may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all contracts, All contrafts

covenants, and agreements whatever, in writing or not in writ- ^tween -5 ., a 1.., journeymen

ing, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into, by pq, er takers

or between any journeymen paper makers within this kingdom, for advancing

for obtaining an advance of wages, of them, or any or either of their wages,

them, or of any other journeyman or journeymen, or for leffien-

ing the ir, any or either of their usual hours or quantity of work, wor

or for preventing or hindering any person or persons from em- declared void.

ploying whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to employ

+in his, her, or their aforesaid business of a paper maker, or in any way whatever to affect any person or persons carrying on the said trade or business, or in the conducting thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any journeyman paper maker, or any other person or persons, and Uiers61*3 shall at any time or times after the passing of this act, make^ entering into enter jinto, agree unto, or be concerned in the making of any such con-contract, covenant, or agreement, in writing or not in writing, ^inmitted to in support of or relative to such combination as aforesaid, every the houseoE

H H H 3 person correction.

8x4

Time of

working by vat men and dry workers,

Penalty on journeymen taking more wages, or entering into

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. m.

[1795.

person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town* or place, where fuel) offence shall be committed, upon any information to be exhibited in writing, within one month next after the offence shall have been committed (which oath the said justice or justices is and ^re hereby empowered and required to administer) shall, by order of such justice or justices, at his or their discretion, be committed to the hou'fe of correction within his or their juris-di6fion, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, the time of working by journeymen at the vat upon all fine, wove, and plate papers, if the matters shall so require, shall be half an hour about each pod, twenty of which posts shall and do make a day's work; and the dry worker upon all such fine papers as aforesaid, if the matters shall so require it, shall work twelve hours per day, allowing an interval of one hour thereout to each journeyman for refreshment.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every journeyman paper maker who shall enter into any'combination to raise such wages, or to alter the hours or duration of work, or for any other purpose contrary to this act, or combinations who shall, by giving money or by any other means, directly or to 1 aise wages, ]ndirecUy, solicit, intimidate, or endeavour to prevent any unhired journeyman or journeymen, or other person or persons wanting employment in the manufactureing of paper from hiring himself or themselves to any paper manufacturer, or shall by any means whatsoever, directly or _ indirectly, decoy, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail on any journeyman paper maker, hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in such manufacture, to quit or leave his or her service, or shall proscribe, hinder, or prevent, or attempt to proscribe, hinder, or prevent any matter or mitt refs in such art or mystery from employing whomsoever he, file, or they shall think proper in such manufactory, or being retained or employed shall refuse to work with any person whomsoever which any such matter or mittrefs in such art or mystery shall think proper to employ, and shall be convicted of any or either of the said offences, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace within any or either of the dittricts or jurisdictions aforesaid where the offence shall be committed, such offender or offenders shall be committed to the house of correction, in the county or place where the offence shall be committed, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

V. And for the more effectual suppression of all combinations amongst journeymen paper makers, and other persons employed in the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. iiu 815

said trade, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any If any person person or persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said an r

trade or not) shall attend any meeting or combination by this jJUI^eyman^ act declared to be illegal, or shall summons, give notice to, or paper maker call upon, any journeyman paper maker, or other person em: attend any

ployed in the said trade, to attend any such'unlawful meeting or

combination, or who shall collect, demand, ask, or receive, any subscribe sum or sums of money from any journeyman paper maker or or pay any other person employed in the said trade for any of the aboye sum of money purposes, or shall persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate any fame^h^ma journeyman paper maker or other person employed in the said ^committed trade, to enter into or be concerned in any such meeting or for 2 months, combination, or to turn out against, or quit the service or employ of the master or mistress paper maker in whose service they may be employed, or if any person or persons shall pay any sum or Turns of money, or make or enter into any subscription or contribution whatsoever for or towards the support or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein such offence shall be committed, on the oath of one or more' credible witness or witnesses, shall for every such offence be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, at the discretion of such justice or justices, there to be and remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, who shall or may offend Offenders against this act, shall and may, equally with all other persons, be called upon and compelled to give, and shall give his or her ^vidence?1^ testimony and evidence as a witness or witnesses, upon any information to be exhibited under this act on behalf of the prosecutor or informer; and that in all and every such case, he, she, or they so having given such testimony or evidence, shall be, and hereby is and are imderrinified of, from, and against, any information to be laid or prosecution to be commenced against him, her, or them, for having offended, in the matter wherein such prosecution or information, in or relative to which he, she, or they shall so give testimony or evidence, was made or brought.

VII. And, for the more effectually enforcing the purposes of this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices em-on complaint being made on oath to any justice or justices of the peace, of any offence committed against this act within his fen(jers and or their respectiv jurisdictions, such justice or justices is and are to hear and hereby required and authorised to issue his or their summons, to determine, summon thp.person- or persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this act, and also to summon any witness or witnesses for any of the*parties, at a certain time and place in

S16 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. x 11. [1795.

such summons to b specified; and if any one so summoned shall not appear on such summons, or offer some reasonable excuse for the default, then any such justice or justices shall issue his of their warrant or warrants for apprehending the party so making default, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, and upon the party or parties complained against appearing, or being brought before any such justice or justices on his or their warrant or warrants, or in case the party or parties complained against shall not appear to such summons, being served on him, her, or them, or left for him, her, or them, at his or their usual place of abode, and proof shall be made thereof by oath before any such justice or justices, then every such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make inquiry touching the matter^ complained of, and to examine into the same* by the oath or oaths of any credible person or persons as shall be requisite, and to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, and upon eonfeftion of the party, or proof by one credible witness upon oath, to commit or acquit the party or parties against whom complaint shall be made; and if any person or persons so summoned to appear as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear at the time and place appointed by such summons, and give his, her, or their evidence or evidences before him or them, then and in every such-case every such justice or justices shall and may issue his or their warrant or warrants, under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, for the commitment of such person to some prison in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where such witness or witnesses shall so make default, there to remain until such person or persons shall submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following; (that is to say).

The form of  T)E it remembered, That on this day of the conviction. in the year of his Majesty's reign, A.B.

is convicted before -

of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of [#r, for the riding, or division,

city, liberty, town, or place, as the case JJoall happen to he] for and the said do hereby

order and adjudge him [or her] to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for the space of

or until he or foe shall submit to be examined, as the case may be, without bail or mainprise. Given the day and year aforesaid.5

And

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. in 817

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form or to the effect aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein such conviction Was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general quarter session-s; and in case any person or persons so convicted, stall appeal in manner herein after mentioned from the judgement of the said justice or justices to the said general quarter sessions, the justices in such general quarter sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any information authorised by this act: Power fors to be made before any one or more justice or justices, shall he ^antsto^e made upon oath of the informer, to be taken by such justice or apprehend of justices as ^aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice fenders with-or justices to issue his or their warrant under his or their hand out summons* and seal, or hands and seals, grounded upon such information so made upon oath, for the apprehension and bringing of the person or persons offending or alledged to have offended against this act, before him or them, or any justice or justices of the said county there fitting, without any previous summons being issued to the party so offending, or alledged to have offended, instead and in lieu of issuing of his or their summons for his appearance before him or them, to answer the matters charged by such information,

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convited of any offence Appeal* or offences punishable by this at, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the justice or justices before whom

he or she shall have been convited, such person shall have liberty to appeal, at the time of such conviction, to the justices at the then next general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the county, riding, -division, city, liberty, town or place where such judgement shall have been given, and that the execution of the said judgement shall, in such case, be suspended* the person so convicted entering into recognizance, at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, upon condition to profectlte such appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming ta abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general quarter sessions, and to pay such coffts as the said justices in such session shall award on such occasion, which recognizance the said justice and justices, before whom such conviction stall be had* are hereby empowered and required to,

818 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 112. [1795.

take; and the justices in the said general quarter feOions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally to determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them, shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party, which decision shall be final; and if, upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay such costs as the justices in the said general quarter sessions shall award to be paid, for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, and shall be committed by the said justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol, as shall be mentioned in such conviction, for the space of two calendar months, or.anyless time mentioned in such conviction, without bail or mainprize, and until the payment of such costs.

Limitation of

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced

against any person or persons for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or for any cause, matter, or thing therein contained, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the General issue. general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall Double costs. have double costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiff's.

[Publick act.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXII.

Act act for authortfing his Majesty to order the registering^ and the granting certificates of regfiry, to certain ships and vessels, the property of his Majestfs subjects, which had belonged to, or been in possession of, the enemy, and concerning which doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be regfiered according to the exijiing laws in that behalf

[May 18, 1796.

Preamble* WHEREAS in certain cases the governors of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, and territories, have granted certificates of regfiry of flips and vessels, which had, belonged to, or been in possession of, the enemy, concerning which doubts have arisen whether such ships and vessels are entitled to be regfiered according to law: and % vbereasx in same cafesx under such circumstances, the

property

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. ng.

property of such ships and vessels have been transferred bona fide to certain of his Majesty's subjects, who, under the protection thereof now use and employ such ships and vessels: and whereas it is highly just and expedient, that his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, should be authorised to grant relief in such cases where no fraud and collufton shall appear to have been pr a Cl fed: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order any such ship or vessel, which shall have fallen under the circumstances before mentioned, fmee the commencement of the present war, and previous to the passing of this present act, to be registered, and have a certificate thereof, as nearly, according to the form and manner prescribed and directed by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement offlipping and navigation, or any act, now in force, respecting the registering of ships and vessels, as the circumstances of the case will admit; and in case any suit shall have been commenced for the condemnation of such ship or vessel, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice aforesaid, to order all proceedings thereupon to be flayed, either absolutely, or upon such terms or conditions as his Majesty, with the advice aforesaid, shall think proper.

819 v

His Majesty in council may order vessels which have belonged to the enemy and where certificates of registry have been granted by governors of his Majesty's colonies, to b'e registered, 6cc.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for allowing the importation of arrow root from the British plantations; and also of Unfeed cakes and rape cakes, from any foreign country, in British-^//? ships, owned., navigated, and registered according to law, without payment of duty.

[May 18,

1796.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the importation of arrow

root from the British plantations in America, in British-^tf/7*

ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to law, 1uithout payment of any duty whatever: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Arrow root from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful

to and for any person or persons whatsoever, to import into free, from the Great Britain in any British-huWt ship or veftd, owned, navi- British planta-gated, and registered according to law, arrow root from - the for\s in Ame-British plantations in America, without the payment of any duty whatever; any act of parliament to the contrary thereof in any- owned, &c, wise notwithstanding. _ according to

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow the importation of Unfeedaw cakes and rape cakes, from any country whatever in Brits (la-built-

ships:

820

and linseed and rape cakes from any country, on the lame conditions.

Entry to be made of arrow root. See. at the port of importation, on penalty of forfeiture.

Penalties may be sued for, &c. as for any offence again If the laws of cuf-tojns*

[Preamble.]

33 Geo. 3. S.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

/hips: be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, to import into Great Britain, in any Briti/J) ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and, registered, according to law, linseed cakes and rape cakes from any foreign country whatever, without the payment of duty; any act of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due entry shall be made of all such arrow root, linseed cakes, and rape cakes, as shall be imported after the passing of this act, with the proper officers of the customs, at the port into which the same shall be imported, and the same shall be landed in the presence of the proper officers appointed for that purpose, in default whereof the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures, created and incurred by'this act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, ships, or vessels, forfeited, for any offence against the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. CXIV.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, ' intituled An act to -provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and ofsubstitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.'

[May i8, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an act^ pa/fed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein 3 and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England \ it is among/l other things enacted, That if the family of any substitute, hired man, or volunteer, serving in the militia when embodied and calkd out into

adhiaj

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 114.

actual fer'vice and ordered to march, shall become chargeable to the parish wherein such family shall dwell) andfuchsubstitute shall not serve for the same parish, it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace who shall make any order for the relief of such family, at the same time to direct the overseers of t he parish for which such substitute shall serve, to reimburse the money so paid to the overseer or overseers, who shall have advanced the same in pursuance of the order before-mentioned, if such parish shall be ftuated within the same county, and if such parish shall be ftuated in any other county, the said justice shall cause the same to be reimbursed in manner therein-after mentioned; and in case the substitute whoje family shall be relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any parish fetuate in another county, the monies advanced by the overseers of the parish, township, or place, where the family shall dwell,

shall be repaid the?n out of the county fock, by the treasurer of the county' to which the parish, township, or place, shall'belong, on producing a certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief which certificate such justice is thereby required to grant accordingly; and the treasurer who shall foj-epay such overseer, shall transmit such certificate, and also an account of all monies so repaid by him from time to time quarterly, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place in the militia, whereof such substitute shall serve; and the treasurer to whom the same shall have been so transmitted, shall forthwith reimburse the same to the treasurer for whom the said account was received; which account, so received and reimbursed, shall be laid before the justices of the peace at their next general or quarter sessions, which shall be held for such county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof, and the said'justices shall and they are thereby required to allow the same accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the overseers of the poor of the parish, townjloip, or place, for which such substitute shall serve to onake good the same to the treasurer of the county, out of the poor's rates of such parish, township, or place; and all payments so made by such treasurer or treasurers, overseer or overseers, in pursuance of such order or orders of such justice or justices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective accounts in like manner as the expences incurred on account of the militia are by law directed to be passed and allowed: and whereas by an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his Majestfs reign, intituled An aci to amend an act passed in 34 < the Jaft session of parliament, intituled, c An act to provide for c. 4 the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an aof parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, " An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the Jaws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England and also an a, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for augmenting the militia provisons are made for the relief of the families of persons inrolled in the place of militia-men discharged at their own request, and further provisons are made for enforcing the said act of the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, and by'an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, 3.5 An act to apportion the relief, by the several statutes now in force, c* directed to be given to the families of non-commissioned officers,

drum m.er$

WnctoH h\/ V "it /t I

821

8 22

ij & i+ Car.

2. C. 12.

and

26 Geo. 3. c. 107, recited.

Provisions of the three first recited acts, touching the relief of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, to extend to places having Separate overseers, and to all places united for ballotting for militia-men.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large, and the peculiar districts therein not contributing to the comity rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia; further provisions are made, touching the relief of such families: and whereas by virtue of an act passed in tire thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, many parishes in divers parts of this kingdom have been, andf ill are divided into townfoips, or other divisions, for the better maintenance of the poor of such respective townships, or other divisions, and the poor of such townships or other divisions are maintained by the several townships, or other divisions, to zohich they reflectively belong, and overseers of the poor are appointed for such townflrips, or other divisions, separately and difinally, but no overseers are appointed for the parish at large wherein such townships, or other divisions, so sparately maintaining their own poor, are situate, although the persons serving in the militia are ballotted andferve for such parish at large, and not for such townships, or other divisions, separately and difi nelly comprised therein: and whereas by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, it is amongst other things enacted, "That in ballotting for the militia, it shall be lawful to add together the lifts of two or more Jarifloes, tithings, or places, and proceed upon such lifts, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one par if), tithing, or place, so as to make the choice of militia-men by bailot, within every subdivision, as equal and impartial as pojfble: and whereas great difficulties have art fen in executing the said everal provisions in the said oils of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of his said Majesty's reign. in consequence of the said provisions in the said adis'of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, and of the twenty -sixth year of his present Majesty: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every the provisions, in the said acts of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth years of his Majesty.'s reign contained, touching the relief of the family of any fub future, hired man, or volunteer, serving for any parish, tithing, or place, or any united parishes, tithings, or places, and for the reimbursement of all sums of money which have been or shall be advanced for any such purpose, shall extend to all townships and places having separate overseers of the poor, and maintaining the poor thereof separately and distinctly, and also to all parishes and places united for the purposes of ballotting for militia-men, as well as to all other parishes and places; and that the justices of the peace who have made or shall make orders for the relief of any such families, or any other justice of the same county or place, shall give directions for the reimbursement of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 114^ 823

the money already advanced, or to be advanced for such purpose, by the overseers of the poor of the parish or place, or united parishes or places, or townships or places respectively, which ought to reimburse the same, or to contribute to the reimbursement thereof; and the treasurers of the several counties, ridings, divisions, and places, and the justices of the peace of the several counties, ridings, divisions, and places, within which all and every such parishes, townships, and places respectively shall be,

shall make reimbursement, and direct reimbursement to be made by such several parishes, townships, and places respectively, in the same manner as by the said act is provided with respect to parishes and places therein described, so that in all cases whatsoever such reimbursement may be fully made according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, as well with respect to money already advanced, as with respect to money to be advanced, under any order for such relief as aforesaid; and where.any man Justices to a shall serve for any united parishes or places, or for any parish or ce.rtamT^at place comprizing more than one township or place, which shall have {^all becontri-separate and distinct overseers of the poor, all and every such butedbyunit-justices as aforesaid shall ascertain in what proportions such united ed places, or parishes or places, or such several townships or places, comprized ^com within the same parish or place, for which any such man whose prizeci within family shall be so relieved shall serve, ought to contribute to such the same pa-. relief; such proportions to be ascertained according to the numbers rhh, to the of men liable to be ballotted for the militia, which each of ^ia^en^s fa united parishes or places, or each of such townships or places, as mjiies % the case may he, shall appear to have had by the last returns made for that purpose; and such justices shall make orders for the reimbursement of such advances as aforesaid in such several proportions so to be ascertained, and from time to time as occasion shall require; and in order to enable such justices to ascertain such proportions, the clerks of the several subdivision meetings shall, when thereunto required, certify by writing under their hands ino-s to certify the number of men so liable to be ballotted for according to the when requir-returns made for each of such parishes, townships, or places; for ed, the num which certificate there shall be paid a fee of one shilling and ^bl^to^e

no more. - ballotted for

II. And whereas in the militia regiments it sometimes happens that for each place. non-commi[[toned officers, in consequence of miJl)ehavioui\ are reduced to serve again in the ranks: and whereas in consequence of their having beenpromoted^ the pari foes for which they were originally drawn are. directed, and actually do furnif other men in their Jlead to the families of which men the said parishes pay the weekly allowance as directed by the a his noiv inforte, and are not directed by the said a his to pay any weekly allovoance to the families of such non-commissioned officers so reduced as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That the families of such non-commissioned officers, so reduced as afore- Families of said, shall be relieved as casual poor by the parishes in which they non-commis-reside, and that such parishes shall be reimbursed in such manner deduced tcTbe as they would have been in case such non-commissioned officer so relieved as reduced as aforesaid had never been promoted. casual poor#

824 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115  117. [1795.

CAP. CXV.

An act to enforce the due execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's jaavy.

[May i8, 1796.]

Act 35 Geo. 3. c. 5, recited. Justices to order the county treasurer to deliver in an account of money received under the recited act, and to pay in balances to the receiver general; and where bounties or fines appear not to have been paid to him, to issue warrants to pariilt officers to afiefs and pay the arrears. Parish officers to return defaulters who have levied rates, and not paid the money to the treasurer, to the justices, who may issue their warrant for payment; and if the party be dead, &c. may direct the acting parish officers to raise and pay the money. Treasurer to pay over money to the receiver general, and render, on demand, to the justices an account of all money received. If treasurers neglect to deliver in accounts, and pay balances to the receiver general, or if parish officers neglect to pay mouey directed by justices to the treasurer, payment may be levied by distress. Justices to transmit accounts received from treasurers to the navy board, and return what they have done thereupon* Navy board may aired! receivers general to pay money received by them to the treasurer of the navy, to be applied as directed by this act.

CAP. CXVl.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CXVII.

An act to exempt dairies and rooms nfed solely for making, keepings and drying cheese and butter, from the duties on windows and lights*

[May 18, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

Duties on windows not to be charged on places used solely for drying, keeping, or making cheese or butter.

WHEREAS in and by divers acts of parliament now in force, certain rates and duties have been from time to time laid upon windows and lights in dwelling-houses and offices belonging to and occupied therewith: and whereas it is expedient that windows or lights in dairies, and rooms kept and used solely for the purpose of making, drying, and keeping cheese and butterl should not be charged with or liable to the said rates and duties in certain cases herein after mentioned: may it please your Majesty that it be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, upon every assessment made or to be made of the said duties, or any of them, it shall not be lawful to afiefs or charge any windows or lights in any" dairies, or in any rooms or places kept and used for the sole purpose of drying and keeping cheese, or of making cheese or butter, and to or for no other purpose or purposes whatsoever; which dairies and rooms shall be belonging to and occupied with any dwelling-house chargeable with the rates and duties aforesaid, whether the same shall be attached to, or detached from, and being part of, such dwelling-house or not, and which shall be 4, 'occupied

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 118. 25

occupied by any person or persons who shall fell, or be in any manner concerned in felling the produce of dairies, or any kind of cheese.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Exemption to

exemptions herein-before provided shall extend only to such to

windows or lights in such dairies or rooms as aforesaid as shall be withoutglass, made with fplines or wooden laths, or iron bars, and wholly with- and places out glass; and to such dairies or rooms as aforesaid, which shall kept solely for not be at any time or times used to dwell or to deep in by any person or persons whomsoever, but solely kept and used for the purposes. several purposes herein-before mentioned.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the respective Dairies to be* owner or owners of the dwelling-houses to which such dairies or liable to duty rooms used as aforesaid respectively belong, do and shall paint or w^rdsTe^111 cause to be painted on the door thereof, in large roman black painted on the letters, of two inches at the lead in height, and of a propor- doors, tionable breadth, the words Dairy and Cheese Room, or some of

them, as the case shall require, and do and shall keep and preserve such words so painted distinctly legible, during such time or times as such dairies and rooms shall be used for the purposes aforesaid, otherwise, and in case of failure of all or any of the orders and regulations in this act contained, it is hereby declared that such dairies and rooms as aforesaid shall be charged and chargeable with all and every of the duties and rates to which the same were liable previous to the pacing this a dr; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act to author ife the sale of fish at Billingsgate by retail.

[May 18, 1796.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, p'ajfed in the of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better supplying % Geo. 3. the cities of London and Westminster with fish, and to reduce the c. 15, recited, present exorbitant price thereof, and to protect and encourage fishermen; it is enacted, among other things, That no person or persons from and after the first day of May one thousandfieven hundred and sixty-iwo, shall a second time [elf orexpofie to or for fate, in Billingsgate Market, or within the /pace of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingsgate Dock, or any other market in the city of London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, any fish which, in the same day, shall have been before fold in the same market: and whereas, the retailing of fish at Billingsgate would be of great publick utility and convenience, and tend materially to reduce the exorbitant price of fish; but inaj-much as such retailing of fife may not be practised whilst the said provision contained in the said act remains inforce: may it please your Majesty that it may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That So much of so much of the said herein-before in part recited act passed in the the recited act Voi-XL- 1, 1 '

Billingsgate

repealed.

826 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 119  121. [1795.

by retail at second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as restrains'or prohibits the sale of fish by way of retail in Billingsgate Market, or with the space of'one hundred and fifty yards from Billingsgate Dock, in the same day upon which the same shall have been before.fold in the same market, or within the said space of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingsgate Dock, but no further, or otherwise, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Authorising

II. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the pro-at^fHnf^ate VI^lons to t^lc contrar) % n ^le herein-before recited act, or by retaih ga n any ot^er or acts of parliament to the same or the like effiecl contained, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, from and after the passing of this act, by way or in the manner of retail (but in no other manner), to fell a second time, and not oftener, in Billingsgate Market, or within the space of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingsgate Dock, any fish whatever, although the same fish shall on the same day have been fold once before by wholesale in the same market, or within the space of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingsgate Dock; any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Courtofcom-

XII. And be it further enacted, That the lord mayor, alder-tobave the^ men> an<^ commons of the city of London, in common council same jurisdic- assembled, shall, from and after the passing of this act, from time to tionover the time appoint the hour for the commencement of the sale of fish by said retail retail in Billingsgate Market, or within the said space of one hundred mar^he other an^fifty from Billingsgate Dock; and that the said lord mayor,

aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council assembled, shall have the like power, authority, jurisdiction, and controul, over the said market, for the sale of fish by retail, as they now have over the several other publick markets of the said city.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aand shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons \vhatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXIX.

An act to enable the united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the East India house, and to widen the north end of Lime-street.

over t publick markets of the city.

[Publick act.]

CAP. CXX.

An act to enable the East India company to perform an engagement entered into by them, with William Sabatier, gent, respecting the importation of cotton from the East Indies.

[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CXXL

An act for further continuing the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by two acts, passed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the hxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. 827

CAP. CXXII.

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victuallings and transport billsi

[May^, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetfts, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, having taken into our ferrous consideration the present date of the debt of your Majesty's navy, and being desirous to make some provision toward satisfacSiion thereof, have resolved that all persons interested in or entitled unto certain bills, payable in the course of the navy, victualling, and transport offices, should be entitled in respect of the same to the several principal firms in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, is herein after mentioned; we, your Majesty's most faithful commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons interested in or entitled unto Navy, victual-any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy, victualling, or ling, or tranl-transport offices, which were made out on or before the thirty- on

first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or before May who shall, on or before the first day of July one thousand seven ri, 1795, with hundred and ninety-six, carry the same, after having had the in- interest to, terest thereupon computed up to the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and marked upon the on^t^e re_- raid bills, at the navy, victualling, or transport offices respectively, spective of-to the office of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall have, in fives, carried exchange for the same, from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of to be

England, for the amount of the principal and interest computed exchanged for thereupon; and the persons that shall be so posseded of any such certificates to certificates' shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and Jitlii^he11* company, be entitled, in respect of the same, to the sum of one holder to hundred and five pounds capital dock for each one hundred 105l. stock. pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for Per IOh; any greater or ielfer sum; and that all persons interested in or and such bills entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy, f

victualling, or transport offices, which were made out after the and n or be-thirty-first day of May, and on or before the thirtieth day of fore Sept. 30, September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, who shall, 1795> to be on or before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and certificates^ ninety-six, carry the lame, after having had the interest there- entitling to upon computed up' to the thirtieth day of April one thousand 104.I, stock seven hundred and ninety-six, and marked upon the said bills, at Psr I0k the navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, to the office of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall have in exchange for the same, from such treasurer, or his paymaster or 1 1 1 2 cashier,

5l. per cent, interest from Jan. 5, 1796.

Holders of bills may deliver them to be marked.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. [1795.

cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon; and the persons that shall be possessed of any such last mentioned certificates shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be entitled, in respect of the same, to the sum of one hundred and four pounds capital stock for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in ProPortiu for any greater or letter sum; which said respective capital flocks shall be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any bill or bills, payable in course, out of his Majesty's offices of the navy, victualling, or for transports, which were respectively made out in the said respective offices on or before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officers of the said offices respectively to be marked, computed, and certified, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice giyen in The London Gazette and other publick papers for that purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the interest which became due on the said thirtieth day of April one

delivery at the thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for and in respect of the navy office, said navy, victualling, and transport bills, shall be computed and marked upon the said bills, at the navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, before the same are delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy; and the proper officer and officers of his Majesty's navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid, upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the treasurer of his Majesty's navy for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is, or are, or shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto', any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, all the said bills which any such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate shall, on or before the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his paymaster and cashier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificate, herein directed to be made out. in lieu of the said bills.

Interest to be

marked upon bills before

Treasurer of the navy to receive, mark, and cancel bills, and make forth certificates.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. 829

V. And be it farther enabled. That all and every person and Certificates persons, bodies politick and corporate, who shall deliver any such ^nannuit^f bill or bills to the said treasurer as aforesaid, upon producing such^per cent, certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said per ann. from treasurer in lieu of such bills, in respeT of the several principal Jan. 5, 1796, sums hereby granted, for every sum of one hundred pounds, shall,

for every such sum of one hundred pounds so granted, and so in

proportion for any greater or lesser sum, have and be entitled to

an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators,

successors, or assigns respectively; which said annuities shall be

in lieu of all other interest for or in respeT of such bills, and shall be payable half yearly, at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year: that is to say, the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the

first payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that all persons and

corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid,

and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns re-

spedlively, and all persons and corporations, lawfully claiming

under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and in-

defeazible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to

the true tenor and meaning of this act, until the redemption

thereof in the manner herein directed, and shall be possessed

thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to which shall be

heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of personal estate

London or otherwise, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary an'd tax free.

notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from

all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said annuities, after Annuities the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be charged payable out of and chargeable upon and payable out of the consolidated fund, ^edfund" after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money ancj }rredeem-as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament; able till

and that the said annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five 35, 000, 000l. millions of the publick debt, bearing interest after the rate of percents' either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per 'De paj*centum per annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the delivering in Treasurer of of such navy, victualling, or transport bills, by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, the treasurer of his Ma- cates^or the jesty's navy, or his paymaster and cashier, shall, and they are hereby amount of authorised and required, forthwith to give a certificate, signed bills and in* by him or them for the principal sum or sums contained in such

bills, and also for the interest which shall have been computed ^before Odt" and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said thirtieth day of 29, 1796, and Jpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to such person shall be free

11 I9or fromftamp

duties,

830 - Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. [1795.

or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns; and all such certificates shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and no longer; and no such certificate or alignment thereupon shall be charged with any stamp duties whatever; and that the interest so computed and marked on every such bill shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill respectively; and the amount of such principal and interefi, certified in manner before directed, shall be the principal sums for which the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, shall be entitled to such capital fiock as aforesaid, after the rate of one hundred and five pounds in respect of the bills herein first mentioned, and after the rate of one hundred and four pounds in respedi of the bills herein last mentioned, for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, to be attended with an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum

Guardians

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any infant or infants may deliver shall have become entitled to any of the said bills, in such case benefitof* in- the guardian or guardians, trufiee or trustees, of such infant or infants. fants, shall or may, and he, file, or they, is or are hereby empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such treasurer, all such of the said bills to which such infant or infants shall be so entitled; and such infant and infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trufiee or trustees, delivering up such bill or bills, shall be entitled to such an annuity as aforesaid, as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the said guardian or guardians, trufiee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same, so as the name of such infant or infants be expressed in such certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Executors, ^IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all persons &c. may deli- who, as executors, administrators, trustees, committees of ideots theirpofTef-11 or or persons of unfound mind, depositaries or mort-

fionintrufi, gagees, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled &c. unto, any of the said bills, shall and may deliver up such bills as they shall be respectively possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, to such treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid; and as to executors or administrators, the capital fiock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to in respect of the said bills so by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be afiets in their hands in the same manner as the said bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up; and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the capital fiock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and in respect of such trust or mortgaged bills which they shall so deliver up to such treasurer as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall besubjedf and liable to the lame trusts or equity of redemption as such bills were or*would

v

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. 831

would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Jaw- Bank to refill to and for the said governor and company of the bank of Eng- ceive

land> and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall ^ve ^recj^ in appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby re- their books spedlively authorised and required to take in and receive all and for theprincu every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills as aforesaid in pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon the Tr* '

receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are spectively, a* hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to before men-be prepared for that purpose for the respective principal sums oftionedi one hundred and five pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, as shall have been given for the bills herein first mentioned, and for the principal sum of one hundred and four pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, as shall have been given for the bills herein last mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum; and the persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such respective principal sums shall be entered in the said hook or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or_ any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the and by July said governor and company for the time being shall also, on or trans^it a before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and duplicate of ninety-seven, transmit an attested - duplicate, fairly written on the book of paper, of the said book or books first herein-before mentioned, credit to the into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exche- auditor of the quer, there to remain for ever, __ exchequer.

XI. And for the more easy and fire payment of the annuities established by this act, it is hereby further enacted, That the said acashier governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc- and Account-1* ceflors, shall from time to time appoint and employ one or more ant general, sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one or other person or persons within the same office, to be their accountant

general; and that so much of the monies from time to time to be

being in the receipt of the exchequer of the said consolidated jfpue(iat the

fund, by this act made applicable for that purpose, as shall be fuf- exchequer for

ficient to answer the said annuities, shall, by the order of the payment of

of of the treasury, or any three or^more of them, or the annuities.

high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other

warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time

to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed,

be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the first or

chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the

bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by

way of imprest, and upon account for the payment of the said

111 4 annuities i

Cashier to pay the same without delay

Accountant general to examine the catliiers accounts.

Annuities to be added to the 5l. per cents, established by

24 Geo. 3. f. a. c. 39.

25 Geo. 3. c. 32.

34 Geo. 3. c. ai, and

35 Geo. 3. c. 3*.

Book to be kept for entering transfers.

No flarrp

duties to be charged on. transfers. Annuities may be deviled.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. t1795-

annuities; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be Hided, shall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer*

XII. And it is hereby also enabled, That the said accountant general for the time being, shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint stock, on which the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, and shall be added to and made part of the joint Hock of annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same time and in like manner as the annuities carrying an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, established by the acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills and ordnance debentures; and that all and every person or persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, file, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a6r, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said ftoek of annuities, at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint stock, or any share or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the said accountant general for the time being, "Within the city of London, a book or books wherein all assignments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint ftoek, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively under-write his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said ftoek, and the annuities attending the same, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall he good and available in law; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

XIV. Provided always, That all persons possessecl of any share Or interest in the said joint ftoek of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses, but that no payment shall be

made

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. S33

made upon any such devise until so much of the said will as relates to fuh estate, fhar e, or in erect, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Bank to con-said governor and company of the bank of England, and their ^k^td^an0" successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their nu  es are own funds in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or redeemed* any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of

this act, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That no fee, reward, or gra- Penalty for tuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and taking fees marking the interest on the said bills, or for receiving, taking in, bllh^wntinz or cancelling, the said bills, or any of them, or for granting cer- certificates, S tificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for &c. paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this act, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieyed, to be recovered, with all costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasury may of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, reward per-now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the [nThe^xec* commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, tion Of

and they are hereby authorised, out of the said consolidated fund, act. to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, and trouble, of the said accountant general of the said governor and company for performing the duty and trufh incumbent on or reposed in him by this act; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

34 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. [1795.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained. General issue. such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or other wise, then such defendant or defendants Treble costs, shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. CXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on foreign wines'and British sweets7 and on foreign wines sold by auction, -[ftL*y

*9> 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charges occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose, passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority The following of the same, That there shall be raised levied, collected, and paid, t^smbe^id Unt anc^or U^e k*is Majesty, his heirs and successors, for in Great Bri- an^ m respe(ft of the several matters and things herein after tain: mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of customs and excile herein after mentioned $ that is to 1'ay,

For French For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain wine import- after the seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred 17 ^796 ^30?an^ n*nety'^ix' or imported into Great Britain

>'after the passing of this act, and so in proportion for any greater

or less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof, a custom duty of thirty pounds: and for all For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the deF^tun* Pro<^uce Spain* or of any of the dominions of the king of 10.p^r tun. ajl(j wine of aq other forts, imported into Great Britain after

I the

1795 1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123.

the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or which shall be imported into Great Britain after the passing of this act, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof, a custom duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, and so in proportion for any For French greater or less quantity, which shall have been imported into o^or^efore^ Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth day of April one April 17, 1796, thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and which, after the said and afterwards seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- found in any fix, shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after or^hkdi on the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, that day was quay, wharf, or other place upon the first: landing thereof, or any cellar which, on the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven ^d^com^ hundred and ninety-six, was in any cellar, vault, or warehouse of pany, or cuf-the united company of merchants of England trading to the East toms or excise-Indies, or in any warehouse under the locks of the customs or warehouse, excise, and which shall not actual.'y have been charged with any3*'* duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand, a custom duty of thirty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine an^ the produce of Spaing or of any of the dominions of the king of ^0iCp^tuti! Spain, and wine of all other forts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall been imported into Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and which after the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, or which, on the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, was in any cellar, vault, or warehouse of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in any warehouse under the locks of the customs or excile, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act imposed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the case may require, upon demand, a custom duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, and so in proportion for any For French greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the ^6r/^excise first: actual survey by the proper officer of excise after the said survey after seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- April 17, 1796, fix, in the flock, custody, or possession of any dealer in or feller'm stock, 30l.; of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or feller, an excise duty of thirty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the and for all produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of other wtnes, Spairiy and wine of all other forts, and so in proportion for any au*per un'

greater

Duties on French wine sold by auction.

Duties on all other wines so fold.

For every barrel of sweets made for sale, 12s.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. [1795.

greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excise, after the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in the flock, custody, or possession of any dealer in, or feller of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or feller, an excise duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine for or in respect whereof none of the duties imposed by an act, made in the Jafl session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and sweets, shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by auction, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, thirty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, for or in respect whereof none of the duties by this act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by auction, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, thirty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts, for or in respect whereof none of the duties imposed by the said act of the last session of parliament shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by auction, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, twenty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts, for or in respect whereof none of the duties by this act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be sold by auction, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, twenty pounds:

And for every barrel of liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for sale by infusion, fermentation, or other wise, from fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker thereof, an excise duty of twelve shillings.

Duties to be

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said duties under the ma- of custorns by this act imposed, as shall arise or become due in comm if- ^at: Part Great Britain called England, shall be under the lionsrs of cuf- management of the commissioners of the customs in England for toms and the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due excise respect in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the 1 e management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland

for the time being; and that such of the excise duties by this act imposed, as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. 837

III. And be it further enacted, That in estimating the said How wines additional duties hereby imposed on foreign wine, as being found upon such a#ual survey as aforesaid, in the {lock, custody, mate(j and or possession, of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, how the du-foreign wine, after the said seventeenth day of April one thou- ties shall be sand seven hundred and ninety-six, which shall be in bottles, five reputed quart bottles shall be reckoned to the galion, and two hundred and fifty-two of such gallons to the tun; and the said additional duties payable on foreign wine, as being found in the (lock, custody, or possession, of such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine as aforesaid, shall be paid in manner following; that is to say, one fourth part thereof on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, one other fourth part thereof on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, one other fourth part thereof on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the remaining fourth part on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

IVh And be it further enacted, That the said additional du- ^.ut^s on ties by this act imposed, for or in respect of any such foreign ^ween*0^ wine as hath been imported into Great Britain after the said April 17, and seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- Aug. 1, 1796, fix, or which shall be imported into Great Britain at any time to be paid as before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and tioned'^n1" ninety-six, shall be paid by the several and respective importers bond being or proprietors thereof, in the manner and on the days, and in given for pay-the proportions before mentioned, provided the proprietor or the^m be"

proprietors, or importer or importers thereof, shall enter into of^be^Ine^ bonds to his Majesty, with sufficient sureties, for duly answering and paying the said additional duties to the satisfaction of the said of of the customs, before such wine shall be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors, or the importer or importers thereof, or to any other person for his or their use.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing to

in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to *Jfenfor charge with any duty by virtue of this act, any foreign wine for which the ad* which the additional duty by this act imposed shall have been ditional duty paid on importation thereof, or on having been found in any baYebeen ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, or in ^tli0n iior0r- any lighter, boat, or other vessel, after the unshipping, and before where the the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other stock does not place, upon the first landing thereof; or on having been in any exceed 252. cellar, vault, or warehouse, of the said united company of mer- Sations* chants, or in any warehouse under the locks of the customs or excise; nor to charge with the said duty any foreign wine in the stock, custody, or possession, of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, unless such dealer or dealers, or feller or feliers, shall have in his, her, or their stock, custody, or possession, on such actual survey as aforesaid, after the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, a quantity or quantities of foreign wine exceeding two hundred and

fifty -

two galions, reckoning five reputed quart bottles to a gallon

838 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. [1795.

fifty

for all such wine as shall be in bottles.

Dealers to pay

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every dealer and dealers in, and feller and fellers of, foreign wine shall, at the respective days and times herein-before for that purpose prescribed, pay and clear off' all the duties of excise by this act im*

the duties on flock at the times prescribed, on penalty of double the amount;

posed, for and in respect of all foreign wine found on the first

and audtio-

actual fiirvey by the proper officer of excise, in the flock, custody, or possession, of such dealer or dealers, or feller or feliers, upon pain of forfeiting double the amount of such duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said dirties by this

n^erto. Pay act imposed, for or in respect of foreign wine sold by auction, \vinesUfold by be by the respective auctioneers by whom such wine

auction at the shall be sold, at such respective times as are by any act or acts of times pre- parliament in force, immediately before the passing of this act, scribed for limited or prescribed for payment of the duties arising from aulliondutv ^es ^7 way fau(Tn> upon pain of such auctioneers forfeiting

double the amount of the said duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of such foreign wine sold by auction.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all wine taken and condemned as prize, and sold by the captors or their agents, and

on like penalty.

Prize wines taken out of

home consumption* liable to the additional duty.

For wine contracted to be iold, the additional duty

rehuse for taken out of any warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured to be consumed in this kingdom, in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes with re spe A to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this act imposed for or in respect of wine imported; and such additional duty shall be paid and payable by such persons, and in such manner, as the former duties by the said act: of the thirty-third year* aforesaid imposed, are payable by law.

IX. And whereas contracts'may have been made for the fate of wine before the same shall have been charged with the duties by this act imposed; be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where any wine, whereon the respective duties by this act imposed shall be charged, shall have been after the said seventeenth day of April

may be added one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or shall be delivered to the price. in pursuance of fnclx contracts or Tales, it shall be lawful for the dealer or dealers in such foreign wine, delivering the same, to charge so much money as shall be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof, in addition to the price of such wine; and such dealer or dealers shall be inti tied by virtue of this act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a draw*' back of the whole duties on foreign wine imposed by this act

loived on wine fha] 1 be allowed and paid by the collectors of the customs, on for consump- any sort of such foreign wine intended for the use of admirals, tion byofheers captains, or other commissioned officers employed in his Majesty's service, for their actual consumption on board such of his ably to^- Geo. Majesty's ships as they shall respectively serve in, in like manner, 3. c 48. and under the like provisions, conditions, and restrictions, as a

draw-

Drawback of the whole duties to be al-

l-1 osted by

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. S39

drawback of the former duties paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain, is directed to be allowed and paid by such collectors by an abl, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to allow the drawback of the duties of customs and excise upon wines corfumed by admirals, captains, and other commissioned officer s, on board ships of war in actual service\ and to allow, such ships to be supplied with tobacco duty-free.

Xf. And be it further enacted, That on the exportation of Drawback of any foreign wine, for or in respect whereof the duties by this aiiowed^ ab imposed shall have been duly paid, there be allowed and paid exportation by the proper officer or officers of the customs, to the exporter of foreign or exporters, a drawback of the said duties upon the same terms wines, and conditions, and under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, reiiriclions, provisions, lines, penalties, and forfeitures contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, relating to the exportation of foreign wine, in order to obtain the drawback of the duties of customs; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, lines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, pracliled, and put in execution on the exportation of wine, for the purpose of obtaining a drawback of the duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enabled in this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all such penalties of Recovery and double the amount of the said duties imposed by this act, shall be application of sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, Penalt*es.

or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the federal duties of for^e

customs by this act imposed, shall be managed, ascertained, revemie10/^ raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid, in such customs, to and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, extend to this ways, or methods, by which the duties of customs upon wines ^ties^ciff imported by any abl or abis of parliament in force immediately t0IRS> before the passing of this act, were or ought to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and

paid; and that all wine for or in respect whereof any duty of customs is by this act imposed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act) to all and every the conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, and forfeitures respectively, to

which

Go< [e

Acts in force re (pelting the revenue of excise, to extend to this act as to the duties of excise.

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased charge, occasioned by any loan of this fcilion, and

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. [1795.

which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were subject and liable, by any act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately upon the commencement of this act, respecting the revenue of customs, and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatsoever, for any offence whatsoever committed against, or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the commencement of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things therein contained, shall, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the said duties of customs by this act imposed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things respectively were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for taking aivay the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majestyftn lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the said duties of excise upon foreign wine and sweets, respectively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several.new and additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster and the said money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charges occasioned by any Joan to be made, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament;

and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124. 841

and that the said monies, during the space of ten years next for 10 years, ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his duties^ant-d Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches so^th^Hke " of the publick revenue, and that there shall be provided and kept purpose, to be in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said kept separate period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies ^ror^ other arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

Cap. cxxtv.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs.

[May 19, 1796.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the encreased charges occasioned by any loan made, or to be made, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or adds for that purpose, palied, or to be passed, in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, every person who shall keep any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, or who shall keep two or more dogs of whatever description or denomination the same may be, shall be charged and assessed annually with the sum of five shillings for each greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, and also for each dog, where two or -more dogs shall be so kept; and every person who shall inhabit any dwelling house, assessed to any of the duties on inhabited houses, or on windows or lights, and shall keep one dog and no more, such dog not being a greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, shall be charged and assessed annually, with the sum of three shillings for such dog.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall charge with the said duty any dog or whelp, which, at the time of returning the lift of dogs kept by any person as by this act is required, shall not actually be of the

[Preamble.]

From July 5, 1796, 5s. to be paid annually for every greyhound, &c, and for every dog whatever where two or more are kept; and 3s. for each dog not being a greyhound, Nowhere only one is kept by a house-keeper afleifed to the duties on houses. -t' Duty not to extend to dogs not 6 months old, the proof ot which to He on the owner.

842 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124. [1795.

age of six calendar months: provided also, That if any dispute shall arise touching the age of such dog or whelp, the of authorised to execute this act shall finally determine the same, on appeal to be made thereupon; and that upon every appeal to the said of, for any matter or thing under this act, if the matter in dispute shall be in respect of the age of any dog or whelp assessed to the said duty, the fact that the same is under the age of six calendar months, shall lie on the owner or owners of such dog or whelp, who shall claim such exemption, on his, her, or their oath or affirmation, or on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to be tendered by such owner or owners.

Duties to be

III. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed as the duties* on raised, collected, and received, by such

on horses. persons, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for afiefsing, raising, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on horses, in and by certain acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and certain other acts passed in subsequent fettion-s and in the present session of parliament, or in or by any of the said acts; and that all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, jurisdictions, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said acts, relative to the said duties on horses, and in force at and immediately before the passing of this act for assessing, raising, collecting, receiving, and paying, the rates and duties on horses thereby granted, shall be in full force, and shall be extended to, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for afiefsing, raising, collecting, receiving, and paying, the said duties on dogs hereby imposed, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be observed, practised, and put in execution, for afiefsing, raising, collecting, receiving, or paying, the rates and duties granted by the said acts on horses, and shall, in the execution of this act, be construed in like manner as if the same provisions were specially enacted in this act, so far as the said powers, rules, authorities, and penalties, and other matters and things, are applicable unto and not altered by this act, except that the same shall not, by reason of any exemption from the said duties on horses, in the said acts contained, or any of them, or in any other act, having relation to the duties on horses, be construed in like cases to exempt any person from the duties on dogs hereby imposed. nriHn af^Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first (effiments of assessment under this act, of the said duties hereby imposed, shall the duty, and be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of "July ofliftsotdogs, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that in the first: lift to be made out in pursuance of this act, the same shall contain the greatest number of dogs kept in the year preceding, and ending on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-

*795-3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124. 3

ninety-six, and afterwards the said. assessments shall be made for one year from the fifth day of Aprilin every year; and that, in the lifts to be made out for any subsequent year, the same shall contain the greatest number of dogs kept in the year preceding, and ending on the fifth day of April yearly.

V. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners autho-fifed or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorised or ap- duties ot^ pointed, for putting in execution the said acts relative to the horOs to be duties on horses, shall be of for executing this act, commissionera and the powers herein contained, or hereby directed to be applied, in all and singular the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, W1

boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within powers, the kingdom of Great Britain, and shall hold their first meeting Their first under this act at such time or times as they shall appoint, before acting, to the thirtieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and afterwards shall meet from time to time for the purpofo of executing this act, at such days and times as the said of for the time being shall think proper to appoint, or as the said of are or shall be authorised to appoint, for the purpose of executing the said several acts relative to the said duties on horses, and shall divide themselves into districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the duties on horses; and the said of shall, in all things relative to the duties by this act imposed, have the like powers, authorities, and jurisdictions, in appointing collectors, making assessments, and in enforcing, correding, and amending, or relieving from the same, as are given to them by the said acts in like cases, relative to the duties on horses thereby granted, except so far as any alter ration is made by this act; and that the several surveyors, inspec- Surveyors, to tors, assessors, and collectors, respectively appointed or to r be appointed to put in execution the said several acts relative to the a(ftin like -duties on horses before mentioned, or any of them, shall respect manner in the tively be surveyors, inspectors, asseftors, and collectors, to put in execution of execution this act, according to the powers and authorities given this a(* to them respectively by the said several acts before mentioned, and shall respectively cause notices for preparing lifts and declarations to be delivered to all and every the persons liable to the duties hereby imposed, at such times and in such manner as by the said acts is required in relation to the said duties on horses, and which lifts and declarations shall be delivered according to such notices, and under the like penalties, and under and subject to the like powers of being reviewed and surcharged, as are given, appointed, or limited by the said several acts before mentioned; and that all such powers, authorities, matters, and things, shall be put in execution against all and every persons and person whatever, who shall keep any dog or dogs liable to the duty by this act imposed, whether such persons or person are, is, or shall be liable to the said duties on horses or not; and the said commissioners, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to ad in the exe- cution of the said several acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall, aj)d they are hereby respectively empowered and required

K K. K 2 SO

Commission-

trs for taxes ir.ay direcft joint or dif-tii'iCL' notices to bf Riven to persons liable to the diHi< s on h cries, &c. and dogs.

Penalty on afle fibre neg-

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124. [1795.

to do all other things necessary for putting this a<{ in execution with relation to the said duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said acts relative to the said duties ornhorses, or any matters and things therein respectively contained.

VI. And whereas it may be convenient to enable the assessors to deliver joint or difitift notices to persons liable to any of the duties on horses, servants, or carriages, or for wearing hair powder, by any former act or acts of parliament, or by this -aft^ on dogs, according to circumstances and as the cohimiffwners for the affairs of taxes shall from time to time dire ft; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, at any time after the passing of this abf, to direct joint or distinct notices to be given to the several persons liable to any of the before-mentioned duties, as the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall fee convenient; and if any assessor or assessorss, who shall be required by order of the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes to prepare, sign, or deliver any notice or notices to the person or persons liable to any of the before-mentioned duties, shall neglect or refuse to prepare, sign, or deliver such notice or le<ftin to " notices, in pursuance of such order, every such assessor or assess- prepare or de- ors shall, on complaint thereof made to the of autho-fiver notices, rifed to carry this act into execution, at any meeting held within or for the precinct of such assessor or assessors, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, as the of before whom such complaint is heard shall think fit, to be levied as any other penalty inflicted by such commissioners for neglect of duty by any law in force maybe levied,

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall be desirous of compounding for the number of hounds ^imdfor the bY him* her, or them kept in any year, and shall give notice duty.' thereof within the time herein after mentioned to the collector or collectors of the duty imposed by this act for any parish or place where such person shall be liable to be assessed, of his or her intention so to do, and shall pay, or cause to be paid, the full sum of fifteen pounds, within thirty days after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and in any subsequenti ..year, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of twenty pounds, within thirty days after the fifth day of April in such year, such person shall not be liable to be afiefled in respect of any hounds by him or her kept in the year preceding such notice and payment; provided that if such person shall be liable to be afiefled in respect of the said duty, in two or more parishes or places, then he or she shall cause to be given the like notice to the proper officers in every parish or place where he or she shall be liable to be afiefled; and shall declare in which parish or place such composition is intended to be made; and every collector tp whom such composition shall be paid, shall give a receipt for the same, as and for a com-poiition for the duty by this abt imposed,

Persons keeping hounds may com-

x795*7 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124. 845

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from Duties to be time to time arising by the duties by this act imposed as aforesaid,

(the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same funtj# respectively excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at IVefhninfler; and the said money so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the^jjeafo de monies to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof as shall frying the be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, encreased for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by charge occa-any loan made by virtue of any act passed in this session of parliament, and that the said monies during the space of ten years next session anct ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his for io years, Majesty's exchequer, distinlly and apart from all other branches together with of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said she same pur-period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies pose, kept arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt by apart from virtue of this act, shall together with the monies arising from any 0Lher momcs# other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall 0

be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any

thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case, the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fatft committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of avSlion shall, arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendantor defendants in such General issue. action or suit to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than as aforesaid, then and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdltft, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their aJtion, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and Treble costs* have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

Anno regni tricesimo fextd Georgii III.

c. 125.

[Preamble.]

&4 Geo. 3. itir. z. c. 51.

CAP. CXXV.

An afi foY the belter collection of the duty on butt.

[May 19* 1796.] Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS, by on obi passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, certain rates and duties are unposed on licences granted to persons uttering, vending, or selling by retail^ any hats therein mentioned, and also several other rates and dirties on hats uttered., vended, or fold, in Great Britain: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, thinking it expedient that the said rates and duties on hats should be collected under the provisions herein after mentioned, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted -y and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Prom Aug, 5, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, of recired^adfc1 ^ronl ar, d a^ter the fifth day of August one thousand seven hundred as relates to and ninety six, so much of the said recited act as relates to the j(Tiling-, andaf- issuing of damped paper tickets by the of of his fixing damped Majesty's stamp duties, or to the affixing such damped tickets in hat^ and1 the or upon the hats liable to the said duties, by the respective deal-provisions for ers hi such hats, and all penalties and provisions therein contained enforcing the for enforcing the due collection of the said duties on hats, shall theck*?" cea^e anc^ determine, and that from thenceforth the said duties toCte^feeS, he raised, levied, collected, and paid under the provisions,

and subject to the penalties herein after contained and expressed. of stam^stoTS And be it further enacted, That for the better and more

prov$dePS  effectual levying and collecting the said duties on hats, according stamps, and to the provisions of this act, the commissioners for the time put this act in being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, execution. parchment, and paper, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide and use such (lamps, to denote the said duties on hats, as shall be requisite for the execution of this act, and from time to time to alter or renew the lame, or make new stamps to denote the said duties, as they, or the major part of them, shall think fit, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution with relation to the said duties on hats, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamp duties of any kind whatever.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of Angufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, the calculated ac- rates of duty by the said recited act imposed, shall be calculated cording to atj anc| according to the full price and value of the hats in respect of which such duty shall be charged, and of all the mountings and other ornaments (except gold and silver lace) fold or exposed to sale therewith \ and that every hat made wholly of felt, wool

fluff;

From Ag

5> 1796> duty to be

t-he full price of the hat.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125, 847

duff. beaver, or leather, or any iini.xture of the said fubdances, or any of them, or with any other fubllance or fubdances by whatever name such hat shall be called or Jiflinguished, shall be liable to the said duties by the said recited act imposed; and every such hat which, from and after the fifth day of August one thousand on the

seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be sold and delivered, shall, lining, previous to such delivery, be lined or covered in the inside of the crown thereof with fille, linen, or other proper materials, whereon a durable mark or (lamp can conveniently be affixed, to denote the duties by the said recited act imposed, and on which materials a (lamp or mark, to be provided by the said of in pursuance of this act, shall have been stamped or marked, according to the rate of duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the directions of this act,

IV.^And be it further enacted, That for the greater convent- Shapes for ence in (tamping such materials as aforesaid, any person or per- ^sent to the fons whatever may bring or (end, or cause to be brought or lent, office to be to the head office of (lamps, any quantities proper to be used, and stampt. intended to be used for the purpose of lining and covering the

inside of the crown of such hats, and cut into (hapes for that purpose, to be marked and stamped with such marks and (lamps, to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the rates of duties payable for the hats to which such materials are to be affixed, as the person or persons bringing the same shall require; and the said com- An account missioners, or their officers to be employed under them for that ^er^br^u^ht purpose, or some of them, shall, from time to time, before the and theduties* said materials shall be stamped, take an account of the number to be entered of (hapes which shall be at any one time brought to the said head in a book, and office to be stamped, and of the several rates and duties required by the person or persons bringing the same to be stamped thereon, on payment*and enter the same in a book or books to be provided and kept of the duty, for that purpose; and upon taking such account thereof, shall mark or (lamp with one of the said (lamps, one of the pieces of every such lining, in such part thereof, and in such manner, as that the (lamp put thereon shall be and remain visible and conspicuous when and after the same shall have been affixed to any hat, in the manner intended and to be declared as herein is mentioned, the person or persons bringing the same to be so stamped as aforesaid paying to the receiver general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of the said recited act, subject to such discount and allowance thereon as is herein after provided, which damp or mark, when put on such lining or inside covering, in pursuance of this act, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty denoted thereby to be paid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Commission-he lawful for the of of the said stamp duties for the accaun^tswith time being, or the major part of them, to open an account in dealers or ma-books to be provided by the said of for that purpose, nufacturers, on with any person or persons carrying on the trade and business of certain con.

a dealer or dealers in, or a manufacturer or manufacturers of, ditions.

48 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

linings for hats, by this act required to be stamped as aforesaid, who respectively shall have, given, or csufed to be given, to the satisfaction of the said of, security by bond to* his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the payment of the duties at the times and in the manner to be prescribed by the said commissioners as herein after is mentioned, and from time to time, at the request of such person or persons, to stamp such materials or linings as shall be brought to the said head office for that purpose, and to return the same so stamped upon the credit of such person or persons, he, she, or they first delivering, or causing to be delivered, to the said of or their officers, a note in writing, signea by him, her, or them respectively, of the quantities of linings from time to time required to be stamped, and the amount and denomination of the stamps required to be put thereon, and on the re-delivery of such linings so stamped, signing or causing to be signed a sufficient receipt for the same, for which payments, if the same shall be duly performed according to the directions of the said of, the like allowances by way of discount may be made as are herein directed in case of present payment of the said duties; and that every person upon whose credit any linings stamped according to the directions of this act shall be returned, and payment thereof forborne, shall previously give or cause to be given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such form as the said of may think reasonable, so as the same may in no case be less than the penal sum of one hundred pounds sterling, but shall not in cases requiring a higher security exceed in any case the probable amount of the duty which shall be payable by such person or persons, for any space of time not exceeding one year, nor less than six months, with a condition that if such person or persons shall from time to time, well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, such bond shall be void', but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for the said of, or the major part of them, to fix the times and periods of making such payments, and to specify the same in the condition to every such bond, and which shall not in any case be by less than two payments in the year, at equal intervals as nearly as tnay be; and every such bond may be renewed from time to time in the discretion of the said of, or the major part of them, as often as the same shall be forfeited, or the party or parties or any of them shall die, become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in parts beyond the seas; 'and every such bond shall at any time, at the request of the obliger or obligers therein, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns; be delivered up to be cancelled, or otherwise, if, in the discretion of the said of, the same shall be detained, then the same shall be put in suit for some breach thereof before the end of the second term after such request made, or in default thereof shall be void*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. .8

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thit it shall Licenced and may be lawful for any dealer or dealers in hats, being re-^speelively licenced in pursuance of the said recited act, during un^mpljintd the continuance of such licence, to fell to any other dealer or hats toons dealers in hats licenced in like manner, any such hat or hats another, wherein no lining shall be affixed, stamped, or marked, as by' this act is direct^d.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons

bringing any linings or inflde coverings for the crowns of hats

to be marked or stamped as aforesaid, shall, on request made by declare the

the said of, or any of their officers, declare the uses uses of the

of the different parts or pieces of any lining or inside covering so

brought, and also the form and manner of affixing every part ntT

and piece thereof in the crown of any hat, and shall shew, to thereof in the

their satisfaction, in what part of such lining or inside covering hat, and the mark or ffamp can be put thereon, so that such mark or

{tamp so put thereon, when the same shall be affixed in or to any a^ed?o be

hat, shall be visible and conspicuous; and the said commission-'visible.

ers, being satisfied therewith, shall cause the same to be marked Commission-

or {lamped according to the directions of the person or persons ers to cause

bringing the same, and they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to make such cordffi^k

regulations as they shall think fit and necessary, as well to pre- and to make

vent the concealment of the ffamp upon any linings or inside regulations to

coverings affixed to or in any such hats, as to prevent the stamps ^eahuent of"

fold and disposed of therewith, from being made use of again for stamps, or the like purpose, contrary to the provisions of this act; which re- their being

gulations aforesaid, fairly printed, by order of the said commis- madeuieof

{loners, shall be delivered to all and every dealer or dealers aforesaid now licenced, upon h*is, her, or their applying for the same, dealers!

and to all and every person and persons to be hereafter licenced,

at the time of his, her, or their taking out the first licence, to be

taken out after the passing of this act, and so from time to time

with every future licence that shall be granted, if any variation or

alteration shall have been made in any of such regulations.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the None but ma-said fifth day of Augitji one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ^r-1 llcexicecf^ fix, no person or persons (other than manufacturers of hats, or dealers, felling such licenced dealers as aforesaid felling hats to other licenced tponeano-dealers, as herein-mentioned), shall fell and deliver upon sale, or ther, to fell ot s cause to be sold and delivered upon sale, any hat or hats subject bar^r un-

to the said stamp duties by the said recited act imposed, or shall withuiiftamp* receive or cause to be received any thing or value, by way of edlinings, &c. barter or in exchange for any hat subject to the said recited du- on penalty of ties, or any of them, wherein no lining or inside covering shall be 10* affixed at the time of such sale or delivery, or wherein there shall be a lining or inside covering affixed, that shall not be marked or damped according to the directions of this act, or that shall not be marked or stamped with a mark or {tamp, placed and affixed in the inside of the crown thereof, in Inch manner as to be visible and conspicuous therein, or that shall be marked or

damped

Penalty of 1 ol. for affixing stampt linings, after having been used, to Other hats.

Penalty of sol. for receiving on sale (except licenced dealers from one another), or wearing hats, without un-stampt linings.

Licenced dealers may send to the office not less than a dozen lined hats to be stampt.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115. [1795.

stamped with a mark or {tamp of less denomination or value than by the said ret ited act and this act is directed and required, under pain that all ar d every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, from and after the said fifth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, cut out or tear out, or cause to be cut or torn out, from tiny such hat as aforesaid, the lining or inside covering thereof, or any piece or part of such lining or inside covering, which lining or inside covering, or piece or part thereof, shall bear the impression of any mark or stamp provided by virtue Of this aeft, after the same lining or inside covering shall have been tiled or Worn, or disposed of with such hat or hats, with an intent to affix the same, or cause the same to be affixed, to any other hat or hats liable to any of the said recited duties, or with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall, with like intent, affix, or cause to be affixed, any lining or inside covering, or any piece or part of any lining or inside covering, bearing the impression of any such mark or {lamp, after the same shall have been used or worn, or sold or disposed of therewith, all and every the person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, if any person or persons (other than licenced dealers), buying hats from other licenced dealers as aforesaid, shall receive on sale, or if any person or persons shall, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, wear or use any hat subject to any of the duties by the said recited act imposed, wherein no lining or inside covering shall be affixed at the time of such delivery, or if such hat, being so used or worn, wherein a lining or inside covering shall be affixed, shall not be marked or stamped according to the directions of this aeft, or shall not be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp placed therein in a visible and conspicuous manner, then every such person offending therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any dealer in hats duly licenced in pursuance of this add, may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the said head office, any number of hats not less than one dozen at any one time, whereon a lining or inside covering as aforesaid shall then be affixed, to be marked and stamped with such marks and stamps as aforesaid as the person or persons so licenced shall require, subject to such account of the number of the hats so brought, and of the rates and duties payable for the same, as herein-before is directed with respect to linings brought to be stamped5 and the said commissioners

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. 851

missioneis or their officers shall cause the lining or inside covering of every such hat then affixed therein, to be marked and stamped in some conspicuous and visible part thereof, according to the directions herein before contained, and the person or persons ib bringing such hats to be stamped shall pay, or cause to he paid, the duties payable for the same, subject to the like discount and allowances as is herein directed to be made on payment of the said duties; and that it shall and may be lawful for any dealer or and mayfelj dealers in hats so licenced^ during the continuance of such licence, ^s^ined to fell to any other dealer or dealers in hats licenced in like man- forfait? for ner, any such hat or hats lined as aforesaid, for the purpose of home con-felling the lame again for home consumption, or to any person or iumption, ^or^ persons whatever for exportation, before such time as the lining fo/"*portal8 or inside covering thereof shall have been marked or stamped in tion, without manner before directed: provided always, That nothing in this being stampt. ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject Persons not any person to the penalty hereby imposed, for using or wearing liable to pe-any hat which shall have been duly damped or marked according wearin^ hats to the directions of the said recited act, and which shall have been itaropt^c-used or worn at any time before the fifth day of August one thou- cording to re-sand seven hundred and ninety-six: provided also, That the proof cited atft, if of such hat having been marked or damped according to the di- ^orn kefore regions of the said recited act, or of its having been used or worn before the fifth clay of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall lie on the person accused.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if in any action, suit. Proof of'duty or information, for any offence in using or wearing any hat or hats contrary to this act, any dispute shall arise whether the duty been paid, to by the said recited act imposed hath been duly paid for such hat lie on the or hats, the proof of the fad that the duty has been paid for such owner of the hat or hats shall lie on the owner of such hat or hats, or persons ^at* accused of using or wearing the same contrary to this abb.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Persons of-any person or persons, who shall offend against this act, shall, be- ^awrhf ^the fore his, her, or their conviction of or for such offence, discover o?her'party, the other person or persons offending therein, the person or per- if convicted, fons so discovering shall be admitted to give evidence against the freed from, party informed against or prosecuted; and in case such person or Penahy* persons so informed against or prosecuted be thereupon convicted,

shall be freed and discharged from any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, by him, her, or them incurred for any offence against this act previous to such discovery.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any stamp or mark Stamped lin-impressed upon any lining or inside covering by virtue of this act,

or any lining or inside covering whereon any such mark or der recited act stamp is marked or stamped, shall be damaged in affixing the same not used, may in or to any hat as aforesaid, or in stamping the same, or other- be cancelled wife, so as to be rendered unfit for use, and such lining or inside covering shall not have been used or worn, or sold or disposed of, with any hat or hats, or if any stamped paper tickets, provided under the said recited act, shall, from and after the pa fling of

this

852 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

this act, remain in the possession of any licenced dealer in hats which shall not have been used, or worn, or fold, or disposed of, with any hat or hats, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licenced in pursuance of this act, to bring all such linings or inside coverings so damaged, or any linings or inside coverings having any damaged marks or damps impresstd thereon, or at any time within one calendar month after the said fifth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to bring any such damped paper tickets which shall not have been used, or worn, or fold, or disposed of as aforesaid, to the commissioners for managing the said duties, at their head office, or to some officer or officers appointed by them; and the said of, or the major part of them, are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine upon oath or folerrm affirmation, which oath or solemn affirmation the said of, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised to administer, into all or any circumstances relating to the same, and upon due proof made, to the satisfaction of the said of, or the major part of them, of the value of the respective stamps brought to the said of, and also that such linings or inside coverings so damaged, or having impressed thereon any marks or stamps so damaged, and such stamped paper tickets as aforesaid, or any of them, have not, nor hath before been used or worn, or sold or disposed of With any hat or hats, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or the major part of them, to direct the proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are hereby required and directed, to cancel such damaged marks or stamps impressed upon such linings or inside coverings, and also to cancel such stamped paper tickets, and to mark or stamp any linings or inside coverings in lieu thereof, with marks and stamps of the same denomination and value, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any sum or other consideration for so doing.

Person scarry-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons for sale \vithtS from and after the said fifth day of August one thousand

out lining or seven hundered and ninety-six, h&wk or carry about for sale any not duly hat or hats liable to any of the said recited duties, without any ihmpt, may lining or inside covering affixed thereto or therein, or without a helped and ^n*ng or inside covering duly marked and stamped with a mark carried before or stamp visible and conspicuous on some part thereof, as by this a magistrate, aft is directed, to denote the payment of the duty for the same at and the ?p- the rate aforesaid, it shall and may lawful for any person to seize, conviSfon of aPPre^end^ and carry before any justice of the peace of the the offender county, riding, division, {hire, stewartry, city, or place, where to be entitled such offence shall be committed, any such person or persons so to40s. offending; and every person so seizing or apprehending such

offender or offenders, and carrying him, her, or them before such justice of the peace as aforesaid, upon conviction of every such offender or offenders, by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and producing a. certificate of such conviction under the hand of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. 853

such justice, which certificate the said justice is hereby required

to give (without fee to be taken for the fame}, shall be entitled

to a reward of forty shillings, to be paid by the receiver general Offenders

of his Majesty's stamp duties and it shall and may be lawful for any such justice of the peace to commit every such offender, so house of cor-

apprehended and convicted as aforesaid, to the house of correc- redion.

tion, for any time not exceeding fix nor less than two calendar

months, as to such justice shall seem meet.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commission-Tifeountto be ers for the time being, appointed to manage the duties upon a^eoilPur- stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall allow and pay to to amo*Unt the respective persons that shall purchase (lamps at the head office, of id.

to the amount of ten pounds at any one time, in pursuance of this act, such allowance by way of discount, as thexommissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall from time to time direct, upon the present payment of the said duty or duties upon the said stamps so to them (applied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any person or Price of hats persons shall make any bargain for the sale of any hat or hats,n bargains subject to the duties by the said recited act imposed, or shall de- distinA^sted liver in any bill or charge for any such hat or hats fold, such per- from duties, son and persons respectively shall distinguisfi the price of every such hat from the amount of the duty payable thereon, and shall, in every such bill or charge, also make a distinct and separate charge for the {lamp or stamps which shall have been imprested upon the linings or inftde coverings of such hat or hats so charged in such bill.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be not less lawful to and for any person or persons to export from the lawful

quays, in the lawful hours, and in the manner herein directed, may beex- any number of hats, not less in quantity than one dozen in any ported urilin-one package, either lined or unlined, and if lined, then without ed> or with the same being stamped or marked, as by this act is directed. linings*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- per n* coun fons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or terfeking; forged, any (lamp or mark directed to be allowed or used, or stamps, &c. provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this act, dr shall coun- guilty of fe-terfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with intent to de-ony* fraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall utter, vend, or fell, or expose to sale, or cause or procure to be uttered, vended, or fold,

or exposed to sale, any piece of silk, linen, or other material or thing, with such counterfeit mark or {lamp thereon, knowing such <mark or (lamp to be counterfeited, or if any person shall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp or mark, directed of allowed to be used by this act, with intent and design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, then every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit ot clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions. Powers of articles, clauses, and all other matters and things prescribed or former acts

appointed r^uinS to

854 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

stamp duties appointed by any former act or atfts of parliament relating to tG any ^amP duties, except in cases where other powers, penalties> isav..or provisions are made dr preferred by this act in lieu thereof* shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties by this act imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and fecu ring; the said rates and duties by this act imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been repeated in this present act.

Application of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal-penalties. ties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the space of six calendar months from the time of any such penalties being incurred), in manner' following that is to say, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

Recovery of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties penalties. imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered, with full cods of salt, in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein noeffoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Tullices may

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall hear and de- and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace residing termine of- near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and bn^to^ecu- determine any offence against this aCh, which subjects the offender many penal- to any pecuniary penalty, which laid justice of the peace is hereby ties, and levy authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or com-the same by plaint made in that behalf, at any time within six calendar months distress. after such offence shall have been committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witness or witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fuel, and upon due p^oof made thereof, either by the voluntary conftffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses^ (which oath he is hereby impowered to administer), to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in or by this act is directed, (all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to the informer or informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other moiety thereof, the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced, shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after directed), and to* award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged, on the goods of the offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any),

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125.

and where goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty or penalties, to commit the said offender or Offenders may

offenders to the house of correction, there to remain for the space

of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty or penal- distrefT

ties shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find him or herself, or themselves, aggrieved by the j^ade to

judgement of any such justice, then he, she, or they, shall and the quarter

may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such leffians.

penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be

awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the

justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions for the

county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, wherein the

+offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices of the peace to award the person or persons so appealing to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them the said justices shall seem meet.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty of 5I, persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evi- on witnesses dence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any prdefault* of the matters relative to this act, either on the parr of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their negiel or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then.every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as in and by this act is directed as to other penalties.

XXV. And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appealsy be Justices to

it further enacted, That the justice of the peace before whom cause convic- any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said made quUa conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or the following in any other form of words to the like effeil, ?nutatis mutandis, which conviction shall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes, without dating the case, or the fails or evidence, in any more particular manner; vthat is to say),

4 jR^ft remembered, That on the day of form.

X> in the year of our Lord A.B. of

in the county of was convicted before me

C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, redding near to the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the day of

ndW'last pall, at the of in the said county of did [here (late the offence againf the

aft] contrary to the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day of

Which

sessions to be bled.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

856 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

Convibhonsto Which conviction the said justic shall cause to be written fairly Uie^uartert0 upon Parc^ment> and returned to the next general or quarter - - sections of the peace for the county, riding, division, shire,

stewartry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and there to remain and be kept among the records of the same ccunty, riding, divilitin, shire, stewartry, or place: provided always nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, ro mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, the reasonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such conviction shall not be removed by Certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That at the end of every

Con vicious not removeable.

69I 17s.9d.

to be set aPquarter of a* year after the passing of this act; (that is to say), on otThe dudes the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day granted by re- of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in every year, there shall be cited act, and set apart, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, out of the der tob'e*1" mon*es arising from the duties on hats granted by the said recited phLun^de- the furn tw0 thousand three hundred and sixty-nitie

fraying the in-pounds seventeen shillings and nine-pence, being one fourth part crealed charge Of the average yearly produce for three years next before and an^loan of ending on the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and this fftfion, ninety-five, of the said duties; and that after setting apart such quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder of the monies arising from the said duties shall be.-deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned the1 same* p4ur- by any lan rnade, or stock created or to be created, by virtue of pose, kept fe- any act or acts passed or to be passed in this fellionof parliament^ parate from anc{ that during the space of ten years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a bock or books, in which all the surplus monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with any monies arising from any rates and duties granted in this section of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid, or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall a rife, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants General issue. in such action or suit to be brought may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial

to

and for ten years, with other duties granted for

all other monies.

Limitation of actions.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 126. $5?

*obe had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their affion, or if a verdict shall pals against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall he given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and co 80

have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

CAP. CXXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[May 19, 1796.]

3, 500, 000k may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which may be raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, Sec. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in course. No fee to be taken for registering, &c. on penalty of treble value and costs, and also loss of place. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date, brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for paymentf if money be referred to discharge them. Orders alsignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present session; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the malt duties, and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, Scc. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance 3, 500, 000k on the credit of this act. Monies raised by the malt duties, land tax, annuities; further annuities; lottery; and 3, 500, 000k out of consolidated fund, to be applied (with the re ft due of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 7, 053, 552k is. 8d. for naval services\ for 1796. 500, 000k for discharging the navy

debt. 875, 4.88b J4S. id. for land service of the ordnance, for 1796.

3791.4s. 4d. for ditto, previous to Dec. 31, 1783. 4.5, 656k os. 5d. for ditto in 1794. 61,000k 8s. 9d. for sea'service of ditto in 1794.. 763, 046k 13s. 6d for land service of ditto in 1795. 310, 194k 15s. tid. for services of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1795. 300, 000k to the king of Sardinia. 11, 707, 399k 9s. lod, for land forces in 1796; viz. 1, 358, 634k 3S. 9d. for 49, 319 effective men, officers, See. in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey. 1, 666, 900k 3s. 6d. for forces and garrisons in the plantations, Gibraltar, Corlica, and New South Wales. 40, 195k 4s. 9d. for difference between British and Irish pay of fix regiments abroad.

8, 345k 16s. 3d. for regiments in East India. 360, 000k for recruiting, contingencies, &c. 120, 000k for the encreased rates for quartering fol-

diers. 103, 642k is, 3d. for general, ftass, and hospital officers in Great Britain, See. 9, 359k iSs. 6d. for ditto, on an expedition under general Glarke. 127, 77^1. 14s. rid. for supernumerary officers. 343, 490k 13s.

5d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, Sec. 118, 873k 18s. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 126k is. 6d. for reduced officers, See. Of the horse guards.1000l. for officers late in the service of the states general. 52, 500]. for reduced officers of the British American forces, and 7, 500k for allowances to them. 917, 294k 14s id. for the militia and feucibks, and aio, oocl, for their contingencies, &c,

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

108, 5381. 17s. id. for militia cloathing. 4.70, 6361. 19s. 8d. for fencible cavalry. 115, 0001. for allowances and extra feed to ditto. 146, 0571. 4s. ad. for Chelsea hospital. 10, 9331. 16s. 9d. for widows pensions. 438>035l. 3s. ad. for foreign corps. 290, 000l. for barracks, a, 646, 9901. 19s. iod. for extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 25, 1794, to Nov. i4> 1795* 885, 6731. 19s. iod. for ditto from Nov. 15, to Dec. 24, 1795. 1,350, 0001. for ditto for 1796. a, oooo, ooool. for discharging exchequer bills, made out under 35 Geo. 3. c. ai. 1, 500, 000b for discharging ditto, made out under 35 Geo. 3. c. 22. 2, 500, 000b for discharging ditto,

made out under 35 Geo. 3. c. 37. a9, 9aib ias. 6d. issued pursuant to addresses of the commons. 7, 103b for the civil establishment of Upper Canada, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1796. 5, 415b for Nova Scotia, from

Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1796, 4, 550b for New Brunswick in America, from

June 24, 1796, to June 24, 1797. 1, 900b for the island of St. John in America, from Jan. j, to Dec. 31, 1796. i, 8ool. for the island of Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1796, to June 24, 1797. 1, 232b 10s. for the

island of Newfoundland, from Aprdx, 1796^0 April 1, 1797. 4, 200b for the Bahama I (lands, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 33, 1796. 580b for the chief

justice of Bermuda or Somers Islands, from June 24, 1796, to June 24, 3797. 600I for the chief justice of the island of Dominica, from Jan. i,

to Dec. 31, 1796. 5, 241l. for New South Wales, from Oct. 10, 1795,

to Oct. 10, 1796. 20, 000b for forts in Africa. 233, 485b 4s. iod. for

his Majesty's service abroad. 129, 350b for the relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 28, 500b for American sufferers. 2, 966b 4s. 6d. for extraordinary expences for prosecutions relating to the coin of this kingdom. 1, 85: 1. 12s. 5d- for printing the journals of the house of peers. 1, 334b 7s. for the weekly returns of the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar. 384b 7s. for attendance on the committee for making the approach to the houses of parliament more commodious. 51l. 5s. for attendance upon the committee appointed to enquire into the abuses of franking letters in the publick offices. 8, 685b ns. 4d. to Duncan Campbell, elq. for convicts on the river Thames. 12, 072b is. 6d. to James Bradley, esq. for convicts in Langston and Portsmouth harbours. 15, 088b 7s. iod. iq. for expences on account of the settlement at New South Wales. 5, 000b for expences on the prosecution of Warren Hastings, esq. 2, 741b 16s. od. 2q. for the purchase of the parliament office. 2, 232b 14s. 4d. 3q. for expences on 'account of the alien aft. 306b 19s. od. iq. for lfationary for Upper Canada. 200, 000b towards the reduction of the national debt 1.97, 803b 5s. 5d. 3q. for part of orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. far the relief of American loyalists. 53.387b 7s. 6d. for part of orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for the relief of American loyalists. 4, 500b for roads and bridges, in North Britain. 5, 000b to the Levant company. 3, 000b to the Board of Agriculture. 3, 000b to the British Museum. 1, 500b to the Veterinary College. 2, 347, 954b 10s. 9d. 3q. for deficiency of grants for 1795. Supplies not to issued for any other than the purposes before-mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half-pay. By 35 Geo. 3. c. 120, 128, 864b 3s. 9d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1795; the overplus of which sum may be disposed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall direct.

---

CAP. CXXVII.

An act for enabling the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase ground for building warehouses upon, and to make a new street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

[Index removed.]

END OF VOL. XL. PART II.

