THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIFTH Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXXII Part II

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno decimo nono

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Fifth Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Publick Acts.

Cap. 1. For further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high seas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

Cap. 4. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of certain muslins, calicoes, and coffee.

Cap. 5. For granting relief to the captors of prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom.

Cap. 6. To authorise the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, for the time being, to order any court-martial, which may be appointed on the charge of vice admiral Sir Hugh Paliser against the honourable admiral Augustus Keppel, to be holden on shore.

Cap. 7. For making the church or chapel erected by Charles Roe esquire, in the town of Macclesfield, in the county palatine of Chester, a perpetual cure and benefice, and for endowing the same, and vesting the right of nomination or presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his heirs and assigns; and for other purposes.

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vessels, for a limited time.

Cap. 10 For repealing an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines, and for substituting other and more effectual provisions in the place thereof.

Cap. 11. For rendering more beneficial an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for establishing agreements, made between Charles Brandling esquire, and other persons, proprietors of lands, for laying down a wagon way in order for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals, by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply annually, a larger quantity of coals to and for the use of the said town and neighbourhood; and for regulating the prices of carrying coals from the repository at Casson-close.

Cap. 12. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

Cap. 13. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within the several hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and Thredling, in the county of Suffolk.

---

Cap. 14. For the better supply of mariners, and fearoen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 15. To continue an all, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for regulating madhousesy) for a further time therein limited.

Cap. 16. For punishing mutiny and defenion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 17. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty jhtpsy veffchy and Jones by f a.

Cap. 18. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and ebathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

Cap. 20. For the better raising and Securing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and u matters

tnafters, in the universities of Saint gl/ifgtnu, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen and for repeating two acts made in the (Seventeenth and twenty feeorrd years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second for those purposes.

Cap. 21. For licensing and regulating lottery office keepers.

Cap. 22. To continue several laws relating to the giving further < encouragement for the importation of naval stores from the I British colonies in America, to the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; to the dilbontimiing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs' lard, and grease; to the regulating the feea of officers of the customs and naval officers in America \ to i the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and \ other articles to his Majesty's sugar cronies in America; and to 1 the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as (lores to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages.

Cap. 23. More effectually to enable the president and governors of the hospital or infirmary at Bath, established by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for establijkings and well governing an hospital or infirmary in the city of Bath, to take or acquire and hold, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any money or persona! property, to be laid out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, pursuant to any will, or otherwise, to the amount limited in the said act.

Cap. 24. For charging the lands within the north level, pars of the great level of the fens called Bedford Levels and diverse lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowhnd, with further taxes for a limited time, for discharging the debts incurred by the commissioners under an act of the twenty seventh year of King George the Second; and for better supporting and preserving the drainage of the said lands.

Cap. 25. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the nfpoftive of of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 26. To continue and amend an act, made in the eleventh year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for the encouragement of the white herring fishery.

Cap. For further continuing and extending the provisions of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present majesty, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made dfflax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British chequed and Jlriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, faceting, and other linen if above a certain breadth.

28. To permit, during the present hostilities with Fftmee9 certain goods enumerated in the act of navigation to be imported

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

in british built ships sold to foreigners, and for releasing ships and goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said act.

Cap. 29. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reftrtdlions as corn, grain, and flobr, are allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an al, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to regulate, the importation and exportation cf corn.

Cap. 30. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the hundred of Cosford (except the parish of Hadleigh,) and also of the parish of Poljled, within th hundred of Babergh, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 31. For building a new assize or townhall and market house, within the city or borough of Wells in the county of Somerset; and for regulating the markets within the said city or borough.

Cap. 32. For continuing and amending two acts, made in the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, and the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset 5 and for repairing the road t from Piper's Inn aforesaid to atbelney bridge; and also for paving, cleansing, and lighting the city or borough of Wells in the said county, and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 33. For draining, improving, and preserving, the lowlands in the par idles of Altcar9 Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the hill, irt the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 34. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the south level, part of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwise Grant, We, and the hard lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, wswaffham Prior, East\ and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company cf conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, com tnonly called Inverted Lands.

Cap. 35. To repeal so much of several acts of parliament, as prohibit the growth and produce of tobacco in Ireland and to permit the importation cf tobacco of the growth and prodbee of that kingdom into Great Britain, under the like duties and regulations as tobacco of the growth of the British colonies in America is permitted to be imported.

Cap. 36. For eredring a tnarket house, and regulating the markets, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places within the said borough.

Cap. 37. For granting a bounty upon the importation into this kingdom of hemp, or the growth of the kingdom of Ireland for a limited time.

Cap. 38. For altering the times of holding the Martinmas and Candletntis terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 39. For paving, repairing, cleansing, andjighting, the town and borough of Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford; and for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 40. For better securing the duties on starch

Cap. 41. For granting a drawback of the duties, imposed by f an act of the last session of parliament, upon all foreign wines ex[ [ from Great Britain to any British colony or plantation ip \ America, or to any British settlement in the East Indies.

Cap. 42. To enable the trustees for putting in execution an a of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for buildr ing a bridge at Worcester, over the river Severn, and for opening convenient avenues to the aid bridge, to finish and complete the said bridge, and to carry the purposes of the said act into execution.

Cap. 43. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debt within the soak of Horncastle, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parish of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Louth ejke, Ludborough, and Calceworth* and parishes of Wrangle Leak Leverton* Benington* Butter wick Freiflon, and Fishtoft* in the hundred of Skirbeci, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 44. For the further relief of protestant dissenting ministers and school matters.

Cap. 45. To enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenements, within their survey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy.

Cap. 46. For building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 47. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose adrniffions have been omitted to be stamped ac'to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or miilaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 48. To explain so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other his Majesty

jesty's dominions, of goods and commodities of the growth of

production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured m foreign parts; for preventing matters of ships removing their vessels out of the stream, except to the lawful quays, in the port of London, before the goods are discharged or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers inwards or outwards 5 and for al jowing the officers of the customs and excise to make use of lights rt board ships in the haven, dock, or basin, at the port of Kingston upon Hull.

Cap. 49. To prevent abuses in the payment of wages to persons employed in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

Cap. 50. For more effectually preventing frauds by private distillers, and for the better securing the duties on low wines m.d. spirits.

Cap. 51. Far granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons letting hories to hire for travelling in the manner therein mentioned j and certain duties on ell horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling port, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned.

Cap. 52. For taking off the duty upon all salt used in the curing of pilchards, and laying a proportionable duty upon all pilchards consumed at home only.

Cap. 53. For discontinuing the duties on cotton wool, the growth and product of the British colonies or plantations in America, exported from this kingdom.

Cap. 54. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders, who, for certain crimes, are or hall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

Cap. 55. For enlarging the times appointed for the meetings of Commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 56. For altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfts, goods, and other things, sold by auction and upon indentures, hases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments; as relates to the method ot granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on estates and goods sold by auction.

Cap. 57. For the better providing of a maintenance for the vicar of the parish of The Trinity, in the city of Coventry.

Cap. 58. For preserving the navigation of the river Lee in the counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex.

Cap. 59. For repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting: to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in (treat Britain, ah for amending the said act and

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

also for amending so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all fervams retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For establishing certain payments to be made to the Vicar of the parish of Saint Michael in the city of Coventry for the time being in lieu of tithes; and for repealing so much of an act of the fouith and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the payment of tithes in the said parish.

Cap. 61. For continuing in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East indies for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the Enjl Indies; and for continuing, for a limited time, so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as wilt expire in the course of the present year.

Cap. 62. To permit the removal of lime, and other articles necemry for the improvement of land, without cocquet or bond.

Cap. 63. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventynine.

Cap. 64. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

Cap. 65. For the further augmentation of the salaries of the puisne justices of the courts of king's bench and common pleas, and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer, at West,

For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for better secur ing the stamp duties upon indentures, leases, deeds, and other instruments.

Cap. 67. For the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 68. For explaining, amending, and rendering more ef fetfual, an act passed in the twenty.third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more easy andfpcedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets.

Cap. 69. For the more effectually preventing the pernicious practises of smuggling in this kingdom; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms therein mentioned

Cap. 70. For extending the provisions of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrejls; and for other purposes.

Cap. 71. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein

A TABLED the STATUTES.

mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and for further appropriating the sup flies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 72. To explain, amende and render more effectual, the several laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provisions relative to thefen cibk* men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 73. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 74.. To explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders.

Cap. 75. For removing certain difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual manning of his Majesty's navy, for^limited time.

Cap. 76. For augmenting the militia.

Cap. 77. To enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from James Gildart nd his sureties, and for vesting the estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term of an act passed in the twelfth year of his present majesty's reign, for building a temporary bridge over the river Tyne, between the town of new cajlje upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the county of Durham; for completing the new (lone bridge over the said river; and for making the avenues to, and the passage over the same more commodious.

Cap. 79. For enlarging the term and powers of an acts, mad in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the road from the turnr pike road at Buckton Burn, in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to lammerton hdl, and also the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town a/berwick.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Thirsk over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to balderfby gate, adjoining to button moore, in the way to Ripon; and through Ainderby, Quernow, and Nofterfield, by Well fja flies Gate, to Masham, in the county of York; and likeiviji for removing the toll house and turpike gates at Busby Stobb, in the said county, to same other convenient place in the road leading from borough bridge to the city Durham.

Cap. 81. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairings widening, and rendering fate and commodious several roads leading from the town of South Moiron, in the fqunty of Devon.

Cap. 82. For continuing the term and altering and en

Itrging the powers of an acts, paired in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough, in the county of Lekester, through the town of Lutterworth, in the faii county, to the city Coventry.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the terms and powers of three adlsf passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham, and other roads in the county of bucking bam, so far as the same relate to the road from the west end of the town of Beaconsfield to within half a mile of the river Colne near Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 84. For widening and repairing a lane casted Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the market house in the town of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said county; and for turning the course of the present road, leading from ray mills and Cookham to the turnpike road near Maidenhead aforesaid.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from afhby derja zouch, in the county of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the county of'stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term of an act, made in the twenty eighth year of King George the second, intituled An act for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury, in the county of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifley, Warefley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a house called The Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the several counties Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an acts, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the rood from Cfoefterfield, to the turnpike road at Hernstone iane Head j and else the road branching from the said road, upon the east moor, through Barflow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said roads again wardlow mires; and also the road leading between the said road and branch, from calver bridge to baflow bridge; and also the road from the turnpike road, near newhaven house, to the turnpike road near Grindlefordbridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 88. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Eaiand, in the ivejl riding of the county of York.

Cap. 89. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act* made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending several roads leading from Upton', in the county of Worcester, and other roads therein mentioned, and for amending the road leading from the

mu

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cnfsi In the parish of Hanky Caflk, in the said county, to the river Severn.

Cap. go. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, r repairing the road from the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester, to the town of afhby de ia zouch, in thefaii county.

Can. oi. For more effectually repairing the road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghtll, in the county of Warwick and for repealing the several laws now in force relating to the said road.

Cap. 92. For more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Prefer in the county palatine of Lancaster \ and for repealing several acts, made in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and the fourth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads.

Cap. 93. For amending and keeping in repair the road from a certain bridge over a brook or stream called Sudbroot, ntar the city of Gloucester, to the nine mile (tone on the Brifol road, at Or neat a place called The Clay Pits, in the county of guuce/ier.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and varying the powers, of two s, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill, in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Dorset9 Sotntrfet and Wilts.

Cap. 95. For repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the rcigrn of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Alemouth, through the town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the town of Hexham; andauo the road leading out of the afore faii road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to jockey's like Bridge, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for thfe repair of the said roads

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to sparrowpit gate, in the county of Derby, and from The guide poll, near barber's Fields Cupola, through Grind leford bridge, Great huckjow, Tidswell, hardgate wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

---

Cap. 97. For continuing the term, and altering the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Carlisle to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

Cap. 98. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the town and port of Hastings, in the said county.

Cap. 99. For repairing and widening the road from Gander-lane, in the county of Derby, to Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York; and also that road branching out of though said road at or near Mosborough-green, in the said county of Derby, to Clown, in the same county.

Cap. 100. For enlarging the term and altering and varying the powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads leading to though said town.

Cap. 101. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdowngate in Popham-lane to the city of Winchester, and from the said city through Hursley to Chandler Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the turnpike road at Romsey, and from the said turnpike road through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton to Longham-bridge, and Winborne Minster in the county of Dorset, and for amending and widening the road from Ringwood gate in the said county of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from a street called The Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the river at Swathling in the said county.

Cap. 102. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Landovery, and from thence through the town of Langadock to the river Amman, and several other roads in the said county communicating therewith.

Cap. 103. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Midwelly, in the county of Carmarthen, and also several roads leading from Landilo, in the said county, so far as relates to the roads included in the Kidwelly district; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads within the said county.

Cap. 104. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spital or Somerset Street, in the parish of Stoke, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 105. For continuing the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from the city of Carlisle in the county of Cumberland, to the market and seaport town of Workington in the said county, so far as the same relates to the road between the town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid.

Cap. 106. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Borough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmoreland, by the end of Appleby Bridge to Eamont Bridge in the said county.

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers, of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for amending, widening, and Keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mould to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhouse, opposite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mould; as relates to the district of road from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for widening and repairing the highroad leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the said county of Westmoreland.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhouse, opposite the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mold; as relates to the district of road from the town of Ruthin, in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Mold, in the county of Flint.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Lantrissent, and also the road leading from Newbridge to a place called the Old Furnace, all in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the turnpike road at Upper Comb, in the parish of Castle-combe, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 112. For continuing the term of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair the road from The Cross Keys, other wise Brickers Barn, in the parish of Corsham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 113. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy, in the township of Elton, through the town of Middlewich; and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of Northwich, in the county palatine Chester.

Cap. 114. For reviving and continuing the term and varying the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike or side gate, in the parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, in the said county.

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Cirencester to the town of Stroud, and that part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the bottom of Gulph Hill; all in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 116. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 117. For making and repairing several roads round the city of Bristol.

Cap. 118. For amending the road from the nine mile stone on the Bristol road, at or near a place called the clay pits, to or near the chapel at Stone; and also the roads to and near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury; and several other roads in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

Cap. 119. For reducing into one act of parliament the several laws now in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittensor to the most northern part of Talk on the hill, in Butt Lane in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlastone bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the town or village of Tittensor aforesaid.

Cap. 120. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eighth year of King George the First, and the twenty-second year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Kilbourn-bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to Sparrows Herne, in the county of Hertford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. AN act for extinguishing the right of common upon certain enclosed lands, within the parish of Winfonton, in the county of Hereford.

---

2. An act for naturalising John Daniel Hase.

3. An act for dividing and enclosing the common, or waste land within the parish of Wood Bastwick, in the county of Norfolk.

4. An act to enlarge, explain, and amend, the powers given in and by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties, of Floor, otherwise Flower, in the county of Northampton; and for making the same more effectual for the purposes therein mentioned.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish and libera ties of Bugbrook, in the county of Northampton.

6. An act for naturalising Theodoras Martinus Mifpclblom Beijer.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, meadows, and commonable places, in the parish of Barkby, in the county of Leicester.

8. An act for confirming and establishing the division and allotment of the common or open fields, and common downs, within the manor of Million and Brigmerston, in the county of Wilts.

9. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Brattleby, in the county of Lincoln.

10. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leicester.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing a common stinted pasture, and a certain moor or common, within the manor of West Witton, in the north riding of the county of York.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open common fields, common partuses, downs, and all other commonable lands, within the hamkt, vill, or tithing, of Ablington, in the parish of Bibury, in the county of Ghucefier.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, meadows, partures, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Binton, and in the hamlet of Drayton, in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, heath, or waste land, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the pari (hi of coufbill, in the county of Warwick.

15. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields within the parish or Cohbam, in the county of Surry.

16. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste

Sounds within the township of Lepton, in the parish of kirk aton, in the west riding of the county of York.

17. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable places, in the lord ships or liberties of Kmgbt Thorpe, and Thorpe Acre, in the county of Leicester.

18. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving, certain commons, lands, and grounds, in the township of Askwith, in the parish of Weflon, in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Broom, in the county of Stafford.

20. An act to dissolve the marriage had between the right honourable Hugh baron Percy, Lucy, roynings, Fitzpayne, Bryan, and Latimer, and the right honourable Ann baroness Percy his wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act to enable Nathaniel Lee Aston esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Lee before and jointly with the surname of aeton, pursuant to the will Oi baplkjl Lee esquire, tieceased.

22. An act to enable William House the younger, and others therein described, to take and use the surname and arms of Nowell, pursuant to the will of William Newell esquire, deceased.

23. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of The blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the right honourable Jalm lord Monson, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln.

24. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Hertford and Buds, (the settled estates of Jane Willson, the wife of George Willson esquire) in trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

25. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain commons or parcels of waste lands, called Dunfley and Haffcott Commons, within the manor and parish of Kenver, otherwise Kin fare, in the county of Stafford.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, furze leys, stinted common pastures, and waste grounds, in the ptrifo of Willingham, in the county of Lincoln.

27. An act for extinguishing the cattle gates or ieas upon certain dinted pastures, within the parish of West Stower, in the county of Dorset; and for allotting lands in exchange for part of the glebe lands, and for the said cattle gates dr leas belonging to the impropriator of the said parish.

28. An act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands and grounds, and common or wade land, within the parish of Aven Dajsett, in the county of Warwick.

29. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish and liberties of Baity, in the county of Northampton,

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, and alf other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Mayfeyhampton, in the county of Gloucester.

31. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, padures, and all other commonable lands within the manor and parish of Himbleton, in the county of Worcester.

32. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, in the parish of Grafton Flyford, in the county of Worcester,

33. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, within and belonging to the township of Cropthorn, in the parish of crop thorn, and county of worce/ier.

34. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Elton, in the county of Huntingdon.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and waste land, within the parish of Herberbury, otherwise har bury, in the county of Warwick.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the hamlet and liberties of Woodend, in the parish of Blakejley, in the county of Northampton.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, open meadows, common pastures, and common or waste grounds, within the township of Stanton under Bardon, in the parish of Thornton, and county of Leicester.

38. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving certain open fields, ings, meadows, and commons, or waste lands, within the parish of Huttoft in the county of Lincoln.

39. An act for dividing, enclosing, and allotting, certain commons or waste lands, within the parish of Cainham, in the county of Salop.

40. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common or piece of waste ground within the township of Fenwick, in the parish of Campsale, in the west riding of the county of York.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common meadows common pastures, commonable lands and waste grounds, Within the manor and parish of Badlands in the county of Gloacejkt*

42. An za for dividing and inclosing a certain open common arable field, and also certain commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Wtft Knighton in the county of dor/et.

43. An act to enable John Raincocki and others therein de ftribed, to take and ule the surname and arms of Fleming, pursuant to the will of Fletcher Flmingi deceased.

44. An act for naturalising Henry Amjinck.

45. An act for establishing an exchange between George earl of shrew/lury, and Thomas Gilbert esquire, of diverse lands and hereditaments in the county of Stafford; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

46. An act for confirming a partition of fevers! ettates, in the counties of ivilts and Somerjety between the honourable Charles wioiam Windham and other the devisees of Charles late earl of Fgramont deceased, and their issue, and Charles marquis of Grandby, and Charlotte countess of Aylesford, and for vetting and settling the same to the several uses therein mentioned and for several other purposes therein mentioned.

47. An act to enable the guardians of sir Charles Style baronet, an infant, to grant leases of his freehold ettates in Middlesex during his minority, and to pfife&uate the other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act for feje of the next presentations to certain livings, late the ettates of Sir Qrifftb Boynton baronet, deceased, for payment of his debts, and for substituting other parts of his estates to be charged with his younger children's fortunes, in lieu of those by his will charged therewith, and for other purport

49. An act for sale of part of the settled ettates of Henry Scaurfield esquire, situate in the county of Brecon, and for purchasing other ettates in the county of Pembroke, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

50. An act for vesting in trustees, and their heirs, the settled estate of John Tempejl esquire, situate in the county of Kent, ir trull, to tell the same and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses,

51. An act to empower pertain persons to infranchise diverse popyhold and customary lands and tenements within the several manors or lordships of Titchfield> Lee Marks and Adirabell, cross font and Newland, in the county of Southampton \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

52. An act to enable John Bowater esquire, during his life, fhftd after his death the guardian or guardians of his issue male by the honourable Frances Boivater his wife during their respecting infancies, to grant building leases of his settled ettates at Wool web and Charltont in the county of Kent.

A TABLE of the

53. An act to enable the executors and trustees of the wih of Charles Churchill esquire, deceased, and in the marriage settlement of Charles Churchill esquire, and lady Maria his wife, to raise money by sale or mortgage or some of the trust securities for advancing to the children, in their father's lifetime, paros their portions provided for them by the settlement, but thereby not made payable till after his decease.

54. An act for vesting certain estates in the counties of gzr marthen^ Brecon and Radnor, (devised by the will of Roderick Gwynne esquire, deceased) in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising therefrom in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

55. An act for varying certain provisions contained in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present majesty, for dividing and enclosing certain moors, commons, or trails of waste land, within the parish and manor of Lancbeftery in the county palatine of Durham.

56. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain tract of common or waste ground, called Lower Darwen Moor in the parish of Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

57. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several open and common fields, moors, commons, and waste grounds in the parish of Irthington, in the county of Cumberland.

58. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Claxtony otherwise Long Clawson, in the county of Leicester.

59. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the parish or liberties of Bucknelly in the county of Oxford.

60. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common pastures, moors, and waste lands and grounds, within the manor and township of Amcotts, in the parish of althorpcy in the county of Lincoln.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waflp grounds in the manor bf ajboyer, in the county of Derby.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other common able lands, in the manor and hamlet of Dean, in the parish of Spelfbury, in the county of Oxford.

63. An act for dividing, enclosing, and allotting, certain commonable and waste lands, called Aft on Common, Marlfpit Common, and Cock Shutiy within the parish of Iron Afiony in the county of Gloucester.

64. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields of Leire, in the county of Leijler.

65. An act for dividing and enclosing that part of the common or waste ground called Kingswoody which lies in the parish f Stapletcny in the county of Gloucester.

66. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common Meadows, and commonable

A TABLE of the

Me lands and grounds, within the parish 6f Clifford Chambers !n thi county crf Gloucester.

67. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields. Common meadows, wade lands, and commonable places, iwthin the parishes and liberties of Burton and Hulcot, in the county of Bucks.

68. An act for confirming and establishing a division and in clofore of the common, or open fields and waste grounds, fcitthin the parish of Mtldenhall, in the county of Wilts; and certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Market Raiftn, in the county of Lincoln.

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and common padures, lying and being within the manors, lordships, or liberties, of Kibworth Beauchamps Kibworth Harcourt, and Smeton Westerby, in the parish of Kibworth Beauchamp, in the county of Leicester.

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, and wade lands, of and within the nfanor, lord ship, or liberties of l\tiu Bowden, in the county of Northampton.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the oped add common fields, common meadows, common padures, commons, and other commonable lands, within the tithing of Mleot, in the parish of Kintbury, in the county of Berks.

73. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, commons, and commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Speen, in the county of Berks.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common or wade ground called Oulton Heath, in the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford.

75. An act for dividing and allotting the open common fields. Common meadows, common padures, wade lands, and commonable places, in the manor and parish of Wanborough, in the county of Wilts.

76. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open^and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish Cf Kiflingbury, in the county of Northampton.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manors and parishes of Milton, otherwise Middleton, Malfor, and Collingtree, therwife Collingtrough, in the county of Northampton.

78. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other cqiri jaonable and wade lands, of ldbury> Bowld, and Fofcott, within the manor and parish of Idbury$ in the county of Oxford.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

79. An act for dividing and enclosing the open field, meadows, pastures, commons, forest and waste grounds, in the parish of Caherton, in the county of Nottingham.

80. An act for making the exemplification of the last will

end testamenc of Mary Edwards, deceased, evidence in all the courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Inland.,

81. An act for naturalising Peter Daillf Bonnevaux

82. An act for naturalising John $ellon.

83. An act for naturalising fames charnauj

84. An act for appointing new trustees, in the place of tho/e deceased, for sale of so much of the estates late of sir William Dalflon knight, as will be sufficient for the payment of his debts and legacies by his will charged thereon,

85. An act for enabling the trustees, named in the will of

Richard Perfehowse, late of Reynolds Hall, in the county ofstaf ford esquire, deceased, to borrow and take up at interest, oa mortgage of the freehold estates late of the said Richard perse boqufe> any sum or Turns of money not exceeding the Turn of three thousand three hundred pounds, to be applied ity or towards the purchase of the copyhold estates late of the said Richard Perfehowse.;

86. An act for vesting in trustees the timber and wood growing upon the estate late belonging to Thomas Rous esquire, deceased, in the county of Worcester, in trust, to sell the same, and apply the moneys srifing therefrom towards discharging. certain encumbrances affelting the said estate, and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

87. An act for sale of the estates of the kite John jntcoh, of jwfs/r, in the county of York esquire, for payment of his debts,

88. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open com imms* moors, and waste grounds, within the manor and town slip of ecctefcdu in the parity of Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York,

89. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common field, and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor, in the county of Northampton.

90. An act to dissolve the marriage of Francis Osborne, baron Gfborne, of Kiveton, in the county of York, commonly called marquis of Carmarthen, with lady Amelia d'arcy, baroness Conyers, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned.

91. An act for confirming and carrying into execution, a a award touching certain questions and disputes between the right honourable Edward lord Beaulieu and Jfabella lady Beaulieu ms wife, and the moil noble George duke of Montagu, Henry duke of Butcleugh, and Elizabeth dutchefc of Buuleugh his wife, and the right honourable Charles William, eldest son of the said duke anddutchefs of Buccleugh, commonly called earl of Dalkeith.

92. An act to enable the trustees of certain estates situate in the parishes of Saint Mary Redtliffe and Saint Thomas, or one of

TABLE of the STATUTES.

them, in the city of Bristol, given by Thomas Eden the elder, late of Broadmarston, in the parish of Pebworth, in the county of Gloucester, gentleman, for charitable uses, to grant building leases thereof.

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several whole year lands, common fields, half year lands, (hack meadows and heaths, and other commons, waste and commonable lands, within the parish of Darfmgham, otherwise Derfwgham> in the county of Norfolk.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons or moors, and waste grounds, within the manor or lordship of Morland) in the parish of Morland, in the county of Westmoreland.

95. An act for dividing, allotting and enclosing, certain open and common fields, common pastures, and other commonable lands, meadows, and waste lands, within the parish of chijledon % in the county of Wilts.

96. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the whole year lands and breaks, common fields, half year lands and heaths, and commons, and commonable and waste lands, within the parish of Grimston, in the county of Norfolk.

97. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste grounds Within the township of Cranage, in the county palatine of Chester.

98. Act act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Hafland) in the county of Derby.

99. An act to confirm and establish the division and allotment of certain commons or forests and waste lands within the parish of elkjiey, in the county of Nottingham.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish and manor of Taplowi in the county of Buckingham.

101. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Sealy, with Ann Woodroffe his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

102. An act to dissolve the marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath Bewell esquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Birmingham) his now wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Bromfield with Ann Broom his now wife, and to enable him to marry again \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

104. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Francois du mergue with Ann Catherine his now wife j and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpose?.

105. An act for dividing and enclosing the open wastes and commons, lying in the manor of Slegil), in the county of westmoreland.

The End of the TABLE,

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, decimo Nono.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth day of November, Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations, to the twenty sixth day of November, 1778; being the fifth session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for further continuing an act, made in tie seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treafop, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantation in America, or on thd high feasor the crime of piracy.!

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act to L qwt nr. empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, cap. 9; recited or suspeaed of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy;,) which was to continue and be in force until the first day January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy

eighty and no longer: and whereas an act was made in the laji sessions of parliament for continuing the said act until the firs day of January, one thousandfevtn hundred and seventy rnnfy and no longer:

and further continued till Jan. 1, 1780.

[Preamble.]

The term limited by lav for paying the drawback on the exportation of muslins and white cal L coesj extended' '

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.   X 779.

and whereas it is expedient that the aid first mentioned tiff Should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said first mentioned act, and all and every the dauses, provisoes, powers, and qualifications therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. At Jour billings in the pound.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thoulaad seven hundred and seventy nine.

CAP. IV.

An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of certain muslins, calicoes, and coffee.

WHEREAS there are great quantities of mujhns and white calicoes fill remaining in the kingdom, which were imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which, by reason of the interruption given to trade by the rebellion and dif urbane es substjling infevera I of the British colonies in North America, the proprietors of such goods have not been, and may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon; and it is reasonable and necessary that some further time Should be granted for the exportation of such goods; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for all muslins and white calicoes which were imported by the said united company into this kingdom, in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, one thousand seven hundred and fevernty four, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and for all muslins and white calicoes imported into this kingdom' by the said united company, in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and which shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for all muslins and white calicoes which have been exported from this kingdom, and which were returned

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.

here for want of a market abroad, on or before the thirtieth day of Dumber, otie thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and which shall be re exported again from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, whether such mud ins or calicoes shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed, in this kingdom, or not, the exporter or exporters of such goods shall be allowed and paid the same drawbacks, under the like rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would be entitled and liable to, in case such goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation or return thereof; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding,

II. And whereas by an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muslins and calicoes imported by the East India company in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said company to expose to sale such bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remained unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and also such bohea teas as shall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the thip shrewsbury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three,) it was, amongst ottier things, enacted, that, for and during the term of five years, to be computed from the time of importation, there Should be drawn back and allowed, for all coffee which Should be exported from this kingdom as merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, to the exporter or exporters thereof such and the same drawbacks or allowances, and under such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been entitled to in ease such coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the times of the importation thereof: and whereas very small quantities of coffee are exported from this kingdom to Ireland or the plantations, thp principal and chief of such exportations being to Germany, and other parts of Europe; and it is expedient that the said in part recited act Should extend to other foreign parts; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said in part recited act shall extend, and be construed to extend, to allow the like drawback for any coffee which have been exported from this kingdom to any foreign parts, since the fifth day ok April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and which then remained in the said company's warehouses unfold, or which shall be hereafter so exported to any foreign parts within the term of five years from the importation thereof, under the same rules and regulations, securities penalties, and forfeitures, as the former drawback was allowed; anything in the said recitedad, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

*77

16 Geo. ftt. cap 51, recited

Part of the said act, i elating to the drawback on the exportation or coffee to Ireland or America, extended to other foreign Parts.

*78

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.

[1779.

CAP. V

An act<7/7 for granting relief totht copters of with rtfpifl to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

XU*EE.A.S hism&fy, order in dated the

reciting hi twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Majesty's or fevinty eighty was pie ofed to order that general reprifah be granted der in council against the ships, goods, and subjects y of the French king, and that as of July9, wn Qn js Majesty's jbfts and/trips y as also all other tips and vtf g 1 fels that hall he commi/fmeiy by letters of mark or general reprifah

or otherwifty by the commissioners for executingjhe office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, ball and may lawfully seize all /bips9 vef- felsy and goods belonging to the French king or his fvbjefisy or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the French king, and bring the jame to judgement in any of his Majesty's court of almiralty within his Majesty's dominions: and whereas it is expedient that the several provisions of an act made in the lost fe/fton of parliament, (entitled y An act for the relief of the captors of prizesf with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom) Should be extended in like manner to all prize goods which have been or may bey taken from the French, in pursuance of his Majesty's said order in counsel\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords piri tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act, made in the lad lesion of parliament, and all the articles, cfoqfes, and provisions therein, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all prize goods which have been taken. from t^jc trench since the twenty-ninth day of July, one thou

July'v9"1778, fond seven hundred and seventy eight, or which shall hereafter C be taken, during the continuance of the present hostilities with

Francty by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any private or other ship or vessel having commission or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, for that purpose.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all ships or vessels which shall have been, or which shall be lb taken as aforesaid, shall, upon condemnation as lawful prize, be subject and liable to the same duties, custonas, restrictions, and regulations, and shall be entitled to the same privileges and advantages in all respects, to which ships and vessels taken and condemned as prize are subject and liable to, and entitled to, by any law or Statute of this realm.

III. Provided always, That nothing contained in this act, or ia any other act or acts of parliament made in this kingdom, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any ships, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be taken as prizes and

same cuttomi, brought into the kingdom of Ireland, from the payment of any fic. at if lm 6 i custorns

iggeo. III cap. 15, extended to prize taken from the French since

Such priae* after condemnation, to be fubu ft to the same duties, etc. as other prizes.

Prize Good brought into Ireland Jto be subject to the

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. .79

customs or duties, or from being subject to such restrictions and ported there as regulations to which the same now are or may be liable, by vir 'incrchan lic* tue of any law or Statute made in that kingdom, in case the same had been imported there as merchandise in the ordinary course of the trade, and not brought in as prize.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore directionsre feid. That if any tea, or other East India goods, which are or may latin to be liable to any duties ad valorem, which shall be taken and

condemned as prize, shall be exported from this kingdom to as prj4c Ireland, the certificates, coequets and other documents, shall ex and exported press the price or value at which such goods were sold by the to Ireland. captors or their agents upon condemnation*and such coequets and other documents shall have the same force and effedf, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, upon the importation of such goods into Ireland, as if the said goods had been imported by, and sold at, the Tales of the united company of merchants of \ England trading to the East Indites.

CAP. VI.

An act to authorise the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, for the time beings to order any court-martial, which may be appointed on the charge of vice admiral sir Hugh Palliser again the honourable admiral Augustus Keppel, to be holden on shore.

WHEREAS by the laws now in being court-martial for the preamble> trial of officers, mariners, soldiers, and other persons in or be longing to his Majesty's fleets are to be holden on jh'ip board, and no member of such court-martial after the trial is begun can go on shore until sentence be given, but is to remain on board the ship in which the said court first assembles, except in case of sickness: and whereas the commissioners for executing the office cf lord high admiral have intimated an intention to order a court-martial, on a charge exhibited by vice admiral sir Hugh Palliser aga nfi the honourable Augustus Keppel, admiral and commander in chief of a fleet of his Majesty's Ilips of war, for the trial of the said admiral on that charge: and whereas, by rtafin of his infirm slate of health, the necessary attendance of the said admiral on such court-martial may greatly endanger After the his life; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may been court-martial acted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, (or the trial by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and pi shall temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled', have been and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law constituted full for the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for execut sworn, it ing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, to order that, after such court-martial shall have been du venient place If assembled and constituted and the members thereof, and the on shore as judge advocate duly fwomv according to the laws now in being shall he ap the said court shall be adjourned to, and holden in, suck convenient place on shore, as to the said lord high almiral, or the of ad laid of for.executing the office of lord high admiral, miralty.

i So

No member of the court-martial to depart from the house in which it shall be held during the trial, except in case of sick gefs.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.

[1779.

shall seem necessary or expedient 5 and such court-martial is and shall hereby be authorised and required to adjourn to such place accordingly, any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that, after such adjournment shall have taken place, no member of such court-martial shall separate and depart from the house in which such court-martial shall be directed to be held until the trial is ended, except in case of sickness, to be judged of by the said court, upon pain of being cashiered from his Majesty's service; and that the said court-martial shall be held and proceed in all other respects in the same manner and form as if the same (hold continue on board the ship in which it is originally to be assembled.

CAP. VII.

An act for making the church or chapel erected by Charles Roe Esquire, in the town of Macclesfield, in the county palatine of Chester, a perpetual cure and benefice, and for endowing the same, and veiling the right of nomination or presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his heirs and assigns; and for other purposes.

Preamble; recking that Charles Roe esquire hath built a church in Macclesfield, and inclosed a burying ground for the same, Sec. Church or Chapel to be consecrated, C and made a perpetual cure. Right of presentation veiled in Mr. Roe, Scc. Minilbr incorporated, and the Church or Chapel vested in him. Church or Chapel to be subject to the jurii diction of the bishop of Chester. Not to be deemed a new parish, nor to jifclt any assessments. Duty of the minister or curate. Miniller absenting, or neglecting his duty, cure to be deemed vacant, and filled up by Mr. Roe, C If vacancy not filled up in a certain time by Mr. Roe, C the right of nomination to lapse in the usual order. No marriages or buryingplaccs in the new church. Christenings and burials to be re eiftered in the old chapel. Double fees for churchings and burials; one half of which to be accounted for to the Minister, cof the old chapel. How to be recovered. Rates for burial in the new burying ground. Church or chapel wardens to be appointed by Mr. Roe, his heirs, &c, Clerk, organist, See. to be appointed by Mr. Roe, C Rents of (eats to the amount of isol. per Ann. vested in the church or chapel wardens; the tell may be let or sold by Mr. Roe, C Seats for the rector and wardens to be reserved. Rents of pews to be entered in a book. Rents of seats to be paid half yearly: on failure thereof, how to be recovered. Wardens to pay salaries to mihifter, Sec. to provide books, bread and wine. Sec. for the sacrament, and to repair the Church. If salaries are not paid within 30 days after due, bow they may be recovered. Not more than half a year's ar rears to be recovered from succeeding wardens. Wardens to keep an account of receipts and disburseraents; and to account and pay the surplus money to Mr. Roe, Sec. Mr. Roe to pay aool. for the augmentation of the chapels of Rainow and Saltersfordt on failure thereof, this all to be void. Rights of the vicarage of Preftbury not to be prejudiced. General saving of rights. Public all.

CAP. VIII.

[Preamble.]

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore. After5 March, 1779, during the continuance of this a pvery marine officer and private man on Shore, who shall mutiny or desert, etc. or list in any other regiment, etc. or shall be found sleeping on, or shall desert, his post, or hola corespondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike, or disobey his superior officer; shall suffer death, t>r such punishment as a court-martial shall inflih, The lord high ad ' miral.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C

roiral, or of for executing that office, may grant a commission for holding a general court-martial, C court-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, C Lords, See. of the admiralty iin powered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion, Sec. and to constitute court-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punishable by this act. General court-martial not to conftft of less than 13 } and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. churt martial may administer an oath to witnessls. Officers to be sworn. judge's charge before oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In Sentences of death, what number of officers shall concur. See. Hours of trial. The party tried entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. Scc. of court-martial to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, C None to be tried a second time for the same offence. Sentence not to be revised more than once. Deserters beyond sea, Sec may be tried here or in Ireland. This act not to exempt any on shore from ordinary process. Persons acquitted, See. by the civil magistrate may only be cafiltered by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, See. to be delivered pver to the civil magistrate, Sec. Penalty on officers refusing to deliver over offenders. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the muster rolls for the maintenance of officers' widows, not to be construed a falie mutter. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver. Constables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehouses, Sec. but in uo dittillers or shopkeepers houses, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering men contrary to this act, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justice, and be relieved. Officers and marines to pay rates for their provisions. What innholders nay allow men quartered on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters, and the constables to billet the same accordingly. No paymaster, C to make deduftioqs out of officers or

jprivate men's pay. Exception. Officers to give notice to inkeepers of ubfistence moqey in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, Scc. for marines quarters. Officers not given notice of subsistence money, and paying quarters, Paymaster to satisfy them out of the arrears: and in case of no arrears due, the paymaster may deduct out of the next subsistence money Officers neglecting to be cashiered. On moving fvom quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due. Paymaster to pay the turn certified for. Officers, ftc. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. Justices may order constables, to provide carriages for the marine forces in their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forceing wagons to travel more than one days's journey, C Penalty on constables. Scc. Neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No wagon, C to carry above 10 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives, C not to be quatered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Constables may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a justice. Justices to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the subsistence of deserters. Reward for taking up desertert. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, Scc. This act to extend to deserters, See. in Ireland. Continuance of this act. Offences against former acts may be inquired of and punished as under this act: Provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial; except ih cases of desertion only. No volunteer liable to pcocess, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process; otherwise the prisoner to be discharged, with costs. Plaintiff giving notice may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on constables, Scc. neglecting

a Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1779.

to quarter rear iocs; or taking money to excuse any person from quarter ing} and on victuallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abuses in quartering, justices may order Constables to give an account of the number of officers and private men, and where quartered. Clause for relief of persons hastily lifting themselves. As often as it shall be necessary, officer of tile marine and land forces msyfit in con}unction upon court-martial f taking rank according to the seniority of their comnvffions. Nfyine forces being born as part of the compliment of any ships of warfare liable to be governed by fjhe rules established by act % % Qto. II

CAP. IX.

An act for allowing the importation of fine organzined Iuliat| thrown silk in any ships or vefiils9for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the fecottd year of tba W reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary

(entitled, An act for the difeouraeing the importation of thrown silk)) ft other things in the said act contained, the bringing in cf thrown ft of the growth or production of Italy is prohibited, fltf less imported in fitch ships or vessels, and navigated in fiuch manner? as in and by an act) made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second (entitled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation,) is directed and allowedf and brought from some of the ports of those countries or places ipher*' of the same is the growth or production, and which shall come dire ft If 6y sea, and not otherwise: and whereas there is at present very great and immediate want of organzined thrown silk from Italy, for the use and purpose of warp in the silk manufacture) without which the manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of manufacturers muss be unemployeds be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Italian organ parliament aftertibled, and by the authority of the same, That kined thrown it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to im silk maybe import or bring into this kingdom from any port or place, or in any veflll and3ny ^por vefol Whatsoever, until the expiration of twenty days after from any the commencement of the next session of parliament, organzined place, for a LI thrown silk of the growth or production of Italy, anything mned time, contained in the said recited acts, or any other act, to she contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Certain kinds

II. Provided always, That this act, nor anything herein of thrown silk contained, shall extend to give liberty to import any Italian to which the thrown silk that shall be coarler than a sort thereof known and portation distinguishied by the name of Third Boionia, nor any sorts of hereby given, silk commonly called Tram, of the growth of Italy, nor any ifhali not ex other thrown (ilk of the growth or production of Turkey, fierfia, India, or Chinay under the penalty, of forfeiting all such thrown silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this act; one moiety whereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall, seize, inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by bill,

1779.] Anno s dcciroo new Georgii III. c. 10. 183

plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's court of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law, shall be allowed.

III. And, for the better and more effectual execution of this All organzin act, and to prevent the importation of any sort of thrown (ilk d thrown silk not organxined, be it further enacted apd declared, That all imported by Inch organxined thrown, silk as is allowed to be imported by JJVJ* tiu this act, wheresoever landed, shall be brought tp his Majesty's brought to the customhouse at London to the intent that 00 other sort of custom house thrown silk may be imported than that allowed by this a, at London, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown (ilk as shall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this ac; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or ersons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of jaw, shall be allowed; anything to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. X

An act for repealing an act made in the hji session of parliament, intituled An act for the more easy and better recruiting of hb Majesty's land forces and marines; and fer fubfituting aether and more effectual previftons in the place thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, for recruiting his Majesty's land forces and

marines, it is necessary that a new supply of men be forthwith raised, in the mojtfpeedy and effectual manner, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common consent and grant in parity went: and whereas it is highly expedient that further and other frovisions be made for that purpose than those contained in an act made in the hjl session of parliament, (entitled, An acfc for the 18 Geo. ?* more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's land forces cad. $5, red and marines;,) be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, and repealed, from and after the passing of this a, the said recited act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that within and A levy of throughout the several and respective counties, shires, fte able-bodied wartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parirties, ^|*5etobe towns, and places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual jh*oughut levy of able-bodied men to serve his Majesty as soldiers, shall great*britain, be forthwith had, made, practised, and put into execution, according to the rules and directions of this present act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the justices of Justice of the the peace of every county, Shire, stewartly, riding, liberty, or peace, coinplace, within the kingdom of Great Britain, as aforesaid; all and every the persons who were named or otherwise ap anj pointed to be commissioners for putting in execution an act of trates otcor

parliament, poratioinam!

184 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. [1779.

burghs.to parliament, made and passed at Westminster in the fifteenth

execotioir year^his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervue of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five,) or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose, within the several and respective counties, shires stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, therein particularly expressed, who are (till living and have duly qualified themselves according to the said acts or shall quality themselves according to this present act, in that behalf, shall be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs cinque tports, towns, and places, of Great Britain, for which they were so named and appointed respectively; and that all and every the acting justices of the peace, and magistrates of corporations and burghs, in any part of Great Britain, who are or shall beading in any of his Majesty's commissions of the peace, or in the mhgiftracy of such corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution of this act, although not specially named or appointed of by the said act or acts), shall be likewise of for putting in execution this present act, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commissions and jurisdictions respectively: all which of, by this act intruded with the execution of the same, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to use their ut most care and diligence that his Majesty's service in making such levies as aforesaid be not disappointed or neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sheriff of every county, or his deputy, immediately upon receiving notice for that purpose from the secretary at war, shall (end precepts to the respective bailiffs, or others who are usually employed to summon juries, although in liberties out of the ordinary jurisdiction of the said sheriff, directing them to summon the several justices of the peace, and of of the land tax, in their respective divisions and liberties, to attend at the usual place of meeting in every division, upon a certain day in the said precepts named, (such day not to be named within six days after the date of the said precepts,) within the time limited by the 'secretary at war. Notice of the (notice of which day shall be sent to the war office and ad midday of meet ralty upon thi issuing of the precepts by the sheriff,) to qualify themselves for the execution of this act; and the said commis war' sioners shall then and there appoint the several times and places for the succeeding meetings, in each of their respective subdivisions, during the continuance of this act, and shall have power to adjourn, from time to time, as they shall find convenient; and the said justices of the peace, and of

________ the land tax, at such their first meeting, or at some other

n^ingsfand meeting to be held as soon as it can be conveniently, shall issue issue precepts their precepts to the high constables, headboroughs, or other

proper

and to take care that his Majesty's fer vicofee not neglected.

High sheriffs, C upon notice from the secretary at war, to issue precepts for fumraonin^ the commissioners to meet, and qualify them.

the war office, C commissio pert to appoint the times and places of their (hcceeding

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. 185

proper officers, for the respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, wa for that pur penrakes, or other subdivisions, within the said counties, shires, p?*to stewartries, ridings, or divisions, as aforesaid*precepts^a' shall contain an account of the times and places appointed for the succceding meetings, and shall be returnable on a day therein to be named; and such high constables, headboroughs, or other proper officers are hereby required forthwith to signify the times and places so appointed for such meetings to the federal of residing within their respective districts; and the said of assembled at such first meeting shall and to give also give notice of the time and place of all and every succeed notice tr.ereof ing meeting, to, be appointed as aforesaid, to the secretary at war, or to the military officer or officers whom they shall have foau attend*learned, by notice from the secretary at war, or secretary to the this service. admiralty, to be directed to attend this service.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all Sheriff! to be reasonable charges or expenses incurred by any (henff, or de, the puty sheriff, in the execution of this act, shall be allowed in the curr^in the accounts of such sheriff at the receipt of his Majesty's exche execution of quer, or repaid by the lord high treasurer or the of this act.

of the treasury for the time being.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case provisorclat the second meeting, appointed to be held in any subdivision, second shall be at so great a distance of time as to render it inconvenient

to issue warrants for bringing persons before such coins*missioner at the second meeting, then the of of such fqbdtvision respectively may adjourn themselves to some convenient day previous to such second meeting, in order to issue their warrants as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of,

at their first general meeting assembled, to appoint a clerk ay Tppoint' to attend them then, and at each of their subsequent meetings, a clerk*and for the of of the several subdivisions to appoint a clerk to attend them at their respective meetings in each subdivision wherein soldiers are to be enlisted, as herein afiter mentioned; and such respective clerks, as a reward for their labour wf*o shall re and pains in the execution of this act, shall be entitled to, and CC ve fr shall receive, for every man who shall be lifted in pursuance of jjftvctat their this act, at the meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, respective the sum of two Shillings of lawful money ot Great Britain, to be meetings, paid by the respective officers who shall receive such new raised men respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person Commission

or persons, hereby appointed to be a commissioner or com era in England missioner for any county, riding, city, borough, cinque port,

or place, of England, Wales^ or Berwick upon Tweed, (except the such as duly qualified themselves to be justices of the peace, or oaths appom of for executing the said act for the land tax made by as and passed in the fifteenth year of his present majesty's reign, or

any fublequept adjt pr acts of parliament for that purpose))

be

186

i Geo. I.

and6.goe.ui.

no commissionert m scot land, nil they have qualified themselves as the laws there direct

commissioners in England acting before they have taken the oaths,

forfeit too 1.

nd com an if (loners in Scotland) sol.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o. f 1779;

be capable, in England, Wales y or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commidioner or of in the execution of this act for executing any the powers of the of herein mentioned, unless it bethe power hereby given of administering oaths, until such time as he or they shall have taken the oaths appointed by two acts of parliament, one made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled. An act for the further ftcurhy of his majesty's person and government, and the juccejfon of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and (eeret abettors;,) and the other made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for altering the oath of abjuration and af furanae\ and for amending so much of an act of the seventh year of her late majesty )ueen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned, to persons indited of high t reef on or misprision of treason; oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or thore of the said of to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said of: and that no person or persons hereby appointed to be a commissioner or of for any part of Scotland, (except such as duly qualified themselves, according to law, to be justices of the peace or of there for executing the said adv for the land tax made and passed in the fifteenth year of his Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose)) be capable of acting as a commissioner or of in the execution of this present act, in any part of Scotland, until such rhyme as he or they respectively shall have taken and subscribed the oaths of allegi gance and abjuration, and have subscribed the a flu ranee appointed by law to be taken and subscribed by persons in offices of public troff in Scotland

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, riding, town, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (except as bcfo.e excepted) shall presume to acts as a commissioner in the execution of this act, before be shall have taken the said oaths which by this act he is required to take, and in the manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or on the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his mqefty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for any Shire, stewartry, burgh, or place in Scotland, (except as before excepted), shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, before that he shall have qualified himfirff according to the laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. 187

in Scotland in the same manner as any other penalties are there recoverable.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority q^alrficahen aforesaid, That no commissioner of the land tax, not being a

justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a bo Jounces at rough, hall be capable of acting as a com midi oner in the exe large withia cution of this act, or of any of the powers therein contained, in or England, for any county at large within England, or in or for any of the ridings in the county of York unless such person by himself, or his tenants or trustees, was taxed or did pay, hi the same county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more of his own estate, by virtue of the said act for the land tax, made and passed in England in the tifteenrb year of his Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that perpoie; or unless such person so appointed to be a commioioner that, at the time of the execution of this act, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of one hundred pounds, or more, within the said county or riding respectively; thing herein contained to the contrary noewith standing.

X Provided always, and be it enacted, That no commis anj^Waks. fioner of the land tax, not being a justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a borough, shall be capable of acting

as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers therein contained, in or for any county within the dominion of ivaus, unless such person by himself, or his tenants or trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same county. Cor the value of sixty pounds per annum, r more, of his own estate, by virtue of the said act for the land (axe made and passed in England in the fifteenth year of his Majesty's reign, or any subsequent ad, or acts of parliament for that purpose, or unless ich person so 1 appointed to be a commissioner shall!, at the time of the execution of this act, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of sixty pounds, or more, within the said county, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person Person dif

intenckd by this act to be disabled for the cause last. mentioned, ahled prefam shall nevertheless prefame to act as a commissioner in the exe^

cution of this act, or any of the powers therein contained, every r 50'such person, for such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the exchequer of Scotland, as aforesaid.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That commission no person who is appointed to be a commissioner for executing erg may ad this act in any part of Great Britaint shall be disabled, for the for any city, cause last mentioned, from acting as a commissioner within arcfofca and for any city, borough, cinque port, or corporate town bitants, or for only, whereof he shall be an inhabitant at the time of the exe inns of court.

cution

1 $ 8

In case of insufficiency of commissioners for any city, etc. those for the county at large, may act for the same.

Mayors, bai ]iffs, etc. may act as of specially appointed.

No military officer may be a co m mi lion cr.

of empower ed to levy such men as are herein described j

and to call in the aflfiltance or parish and town officers and

to meet in their fub divisions.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o [1779.

cution of this act, or from acting as a commissioner within any of the inns of court or inns of chancery.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of of for afiy city, borough, town, port, or place of Great Britain, (for which by this act of are specially appointed,) capable of acting according to the respective qualifications required by this act then, and in every such case, any of the of appointed for the county or Shire or stewartry at large, within which such city, borough, town or place, doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may act as of in the execution of this act, within such city, borough, town, port, or place, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas. doubts may arise whether mayors, bailiffs and other chief magistrates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque ports, for which of are specially appointed by virtue of the said act for the land tax made in the fifteenth year of his Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose, can act as of for executing this act, in the said cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque ports; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all mayors, bailiffs, and other chief magistrates, who are appointed of for executing this act, shall be, and have power to act as of for executing this act, within and for any city, borough, town corporate, or cinque port, wherein they inhabit at the time of executing this act, as well where of are specially appointed by this act, as where they are not.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no person who, at the time of the execution of this act, shall! have any military office or employment in Great Britain, (other than in the militia, or any regiment of fencible men,) shall execute any power or authority by this act given to the of as aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or more of them, in their respective places or^stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, within their several limits and jurisdictions, all able-bodied idle and disorderly persons, who cannot, upon examina on, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some fubffance sufficient for their support and maintenance, to serve his Majesty as soldiers; and to require and command all and every the high conffables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty confta constables, headboroughs, and tythingmen, and other parish and town officers, or any of them, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting to them the said of, or any three or more of them, in the performance of this his Majesty's service; and for that purpose the said of, or any three or more of them, are to meet

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o 189

in their respective subdivisions, according to the appointment

of the justices and of as aforesaid, and to issue out and issue ge

their warrants under their hands and seals, thereby requiring neral

and commanding such churchwardens, overseers of the poor, bringing be

petty constables, head boroughs, tithingmen, or other parish or fore them, attown officers, or else requiring and commanding the said high their second

constables to issue their precepts to such churchwardens, subdivision

overseers, petty constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, and

other parish and town officers as aforesaid, every or any of them, in the de

to make, or cause to be made, a general search within their re feription of

spective parishes, townships, cpnstablewicks, or other places, for this act.

all such persons as they can find who are or shall appear to them

to be within the description of this act, and to briqg all such persons before the of who have power to execute

this act in and for such county, Shire, stewartry, riding, division,

or place, at such time and place as shall have been appointed,

by the justices and of as aforesaid, for the fecopd

meeting of the said of in their respective subdivisions,

(which time and place shall be prefixed in the said

warrants and precepts respectively)) afterwards the said Subsequent

of, within their respective limits and divisions, shall meetings to be.

meet at such convenient time or times as they shall think fit, in at such times

order to issue their warrants or precepts for making general jjcacc* M

searches for persons within the said description, and for bringing thought fit.

them before the of at any future times and places

appointed by the justices and of as aforesaid, during the continuance of this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons guilty That the said of, or any three or more of them, in goj^ans their respective places and stations, shall be, and are hereby fonvifted in a authorised and empowered to raise and levy, or cause to be penalty not raised and levied, to serve his Majesty as a soldier, (at any time exceeding 40j. or times during the continuance of this act, within their respective

limits and jurisdictions, and subject to the several rules neu ofall1 and regulations herein specified for the raising and levying per legal penal fons who have no lawful trade or employment,) all able-bodied ties, persons who shall be guilty of illegal landing, running, unshipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandises, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of customs or excise, the same duties not having been paid, or secured, or of aiding or affistine therein, and shall be thereof convicted, before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed, in any penalty not exceeding forty pounds, in lieu of such penalty, or any punishment to which such person may be liable by any law now in force.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no bailiff's follower Bailiffs follow, or assistant, employed or belonging to any sheriff, bailiff of

liberties, Marshalfia court, or any other person or persons that c^?dfe any shall be so employed by any one that shall have the powey of employment, executing any warrant or process whatsoever, shall be dene withinthisaft. u thereby

1$0

Person can vtde<j of leaving their fa vm\wt chargeable on the parish, may be errlifted of the justices, etc.

(Hta reviving any focti person to pay 40*. for the use of the overieers.

Justices, on information, etc. where any able, bodied men are to be found, ijtay issue a warrant for apprehending the m.

able-bodied men only to be edified \ and none under 16, nor above jo years of age,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. c1779.

thereby to follow or exercise any calling of employment, of to have a sufficient fapport and maintenance, within the intent and meaning of this act.

XIX. And whereat by an act of the seventeenth year of king George IIn feeond, (entitled An act to amend and make more effectaai the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and drforderly persons, and to houses of corsection,) the justtcet in sessions are required to adjudge all persons, convicted of running away from and leaving their families chargeable upon the parish, incorrigible rogues, and to adjudge them to Jujfer the punishments allotted under the said act to incorrigible rogues; be it hereby enacted that the said justices in session shall be empowered, instead of the said punishments allotted to such persons convicted of running away from and leaving their famil.es chargeable upon the parish as aforesaid, to enlist the said persons, and to deliver them to lame officer empowered to receive recruits under this act; and such persons shall have the articles of war read to them, and shall be deemed enlisted to all intents ind purposes whatsoever; provided always, that such persons do not lie under any disqualification Of sickness or inability recited In this act; and the said officer shall, upon the receipt of every such person fb convicted, pay to the said justices, for the use of the overseers of the poor of the parish upon which the said person shall have left his family chargeable, the sum of forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, that any justice or justices of the peace may, upon his or their own knowledge, or information upon oath, where any able-bodied man or men, within the descriptioft of this act, is or are to be found, iflbe a warrant to the constable or other parish or town officer, or to any other person or persons, for apprehending such man or men; and the constable, or other parish or town officer, or other person or persons, upon the receipt of such warrant, is and are hereby required to apprehend such man or men, and such rftan or njeti shall be secured and enlisted in the manner herein directed m relation toother persons apprehended in pursuance of this act: and where any man shall be apprehended and enlisted in confe quence of such information as aforesaid, the whole of the twenty Shillings, by this act directed to be paid by the officer to whom such man shall be delivered in pursuance of this act, shall be paid to the informer or informer?.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be enlisted by the said of, by virtue of th\i aft, who is not such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the duty of a soldier; and that no man be enlisted for his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, who shall appear in the opinion of the of, or officer or officers appointed to receive such men, to be under the age of sixteenyears, or above the age of fifty, br who, being under the age of eigh* teed years, shall be under the size of five feet three inches, without

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o 191

out shoes, or being above the age of eighteen, shall be under the size of five feet four inches, without shoes. p r

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this teimprelfcd0 aft shall not extend to the impressing any person to serve as a who hath a soldier or as a seaman, who shall make it appear, to the satis vote for mem faction of the of then present, that he hath any ber * parha vote in the.election of any member or members to serve in par ment* liament, for any county, city, borough, town, port, or place, within the kingdom of Great Britain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be After the fe lawful to and for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, cond meeting constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other officers, of e m' any parish or township, or any or them, at any time after the mrf&nofficers said second meeting of the said of, having a proper maysearchfor warrant or precept as aforesaid, to search for and apprehend all andfecure

or any such person or persons as they, or any of them, shall such persons find, or shall appear to them to be within the description of this ?* toctdeifcrip aft, and to secure such persons (in case they shall think it northeast g0nof this P ceflary) in the goal or house of correction, or other proper place aft, and con of securitx, of the county, town, or place, where such persons eyth?1" shall be apprehended, and with all convenient speed to bring orca ice such person or persons before one or more of the justices of the peace of the county, Shire, stewartry, city, riding, liberty, or place, within which he or they shall have been so apprehended, to be examined; and if the said justice or justices shall judge the person or persons, so brought before him or them, to be within the nextroeet the description of this act, it shall in that case be lawful for the jngof the said justice or justices to commit such person or persons as afore coauniffion said, (in case they shall think it necefliry;,) and the keeper of cr, C such goal or house of correction, or other proper place of security, as aforesaid, shall receive such person or persons without fee or reward, and the parish officers shall allow such keeper, out of the poor's rate of the parish or place where such person or persons shall be apprehended, sixpence by the day for each person during the time that they shall remain there, or shall convey them before the of, at their next meeting for lifting of soldiers, to be examined, and (if adjudged by the of to be within the description of this aftj to be lifted and delivered into his Majesty's service, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and strictly enjoined Inhabitant

by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of every parish

and township, where any persons described as aforesaid do abide or are to be found, (at the instance of any one or more of the of appointed for the execution of this act, or of any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or constable, of the same parish or township,) shall (not having a lawful or reasonable

cause to the contrary) be aiding and auifting in the furtherance J ^cmi5l, S

of his Majesty's service by this act described* dlfcovcminy

XXV. And, to encourage such inhabitants and others to assist proper perso# in discovering and apprehending such persons described as afore? 10 as he be

Vol. XXXII O infilled.

Persons ob strulfing the execution of this act to toiieit ioi.j

itref*.

192 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. [1779.

said, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any peffbn shall discover and give information of any able-bodied man, fit to serve his Majesty within the description of this act, so that he shall be apprehended and enlisted before the of as aforesaid, such person, for every man so discovered and inlisteri, shall receive, from the officer to whom such man shall be delivered, the sum of ten Shillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere directed to pay to the officers of the parish or town, for every man impressed by virtue of this act, and the remainder only or such twenty Shillings shall, in that case, be paid to such officers.

XX

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any adfc or thing whereby the execution of this act, in the searching for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to the use of the informer or informers; and all and every such offences may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined, by any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or which may be near the place where such offence shall be committed; who levied by di have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by di (tress and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offender has no goods and chattels sufficient*to answer the said penalty, then to commit him or her to the county gaol or house of correction, there to remain for the space of three calendar months without bail or mainprize.

Commission

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore ersto examine said. That the commissioners for executing this act, who shall the persons attend this service at the place or places for lifting soldiers in foieftieni C pur^uance of this act, shall ftrialy examine the persons who shall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, overseers,

constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, or other parish or town officers, as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorised to administer an oath to each and every person who shall appear and give evidence touching any person so brought before and, if found them in pursuance of this act: and in case the said commis proper for the sioners, or the major part of them then present, upon examina service, to de tien of the persons so brought before them, shall find that such persons shall come within the descriptions herein mentioned; and the said of, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive the impressed men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained as soldiers in his Majesty's service; then, and in such case, the said of shall cause such persons to be delivered over, by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, or other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive such recruits as afore

rroteedwhen said^any rac app^r to the officer, under

i whole

liver them to the military officers.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o igj

whose command such impressed men shall be, that any such implied mett men are more proper for his Majesty's service by sea than by shall be found land, then it shall and may be lawful for such officer to carry such men before any three of the of authorised to f rvice ttunr put this act in execution; and if such of shall the land, judge such persons to be more proper for his Majesty's service by sea than by land, then it shall be lawful for such officer to cause such men to be delivered over to any commission officer of his Majesty's fleet to be appointed for entering such persons to serve as common sailors in the said fleet, such officer giving a receipt under his hand, acknowledging what men are so delivered to him, (which receipt he is hereby required to give,) and also repaying to the land officer the expenses incurred by him on account of the said impressed mem

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by commission the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the comrs present at missioner who shall have been present at any such meeting acny^n^ where any man flrall have been delivered over as iafaresaid, cruit, may, or for the major part of them, upon the demand of such man, upon demand or of any other person on his behalf, signified to their clerk adyn hls within four days after such meeting, and by him notified to point as^urthef each of the said of, to appoint a further meeting meeting of the same commi (Turners, at which any other of, may also attend, to be held within six days after tl\e making of such demand, unless the party appealing shall require a further reasonable time; and if, upon further and more certain and finding imformation, the said of, or the major part of him not to be' them, at such further meeting, shall find that such man was lbe f not, at the time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within fh^aftare0 the description of this att, they are hereby required to certify to certify the the same, under their hands and seals, to his Majesty's same to the secretary at war, or secretary to the admiralty, or to the general*.

officer whom they shall have learned, by notice from the fe^man cretary at war, to have been appointed to command his Mato be discharg jesty's forces in the district where such of ad, who, ed. on the receipt of such certificate, shall cause the man to be forthwith discharged; and the recruiting officer shall, on such Officer to pay person's receiving his discharge as aforesaid, cause to be paid him X for to such man the sum of one shilling for each day he shall have fl^uhaseb!f a been so detained in the service as aforesaid, to be allowed to such detained!*officer out of the recruiting fund, over and above such subsistence as he may have received; and the clerk appointed by the Clerk to repay of shall repay to such officer (without see or other deduction) the several Turns before paid to him by the said officer, and shall give back the receipts; taken as above directed ctc.

in exchange for a copy of the said man's discharge; and in case^'

no such discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the V no di said clerk shall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the char* time that such man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, ^y*cvfr without fee or deduction* to the persons respeaivdy intitled thefumi de

O 2 thereto

A

Officers may secure impref fed men.

194 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. lr779.

poiited to the thereto under the directions of this act, the several sums depo proper persisted j0 his hands for that purpose

*. Provided always, 'That nothing in this a, contain

lifted till the" all be construed to extend to empower the said comxnif 'sums payable sioners to enlist any personas a soldier, until the several sums, by the officers herein directed to be paid, by the respective officers appointed, are first paid, to receive such new raised men, shall be first paid to the person or persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer or officers, and other person or persons appointed to attend the said of, and to receive such impressed men, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, detain such impressed men in some secure house or place, to be provided by the justices of the peace, in their petty or special sessions, for that purpose; but in case no such house or place shall be provided, then in the gaol of the county, town, or place, where such men shall be received into his Majesty's service, or in the house of correction, or other public prison, of such county, " town, or place; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive such impressed men until they can be removed, without fee or reward; and such keeper shall be allowed the usual subsistence for such men, during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; the constables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, shall, if required, be assisting to such officer in conveying such man or men to such gaol, place, or house of correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable sum or sums as the major be allowed for parl of the of then present shall appoint, to be paid t eir trou ic y the officer or officers who shall require such assistance.

Officer not at

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tending to re That if at any of the meetings of the of by this ceive recruits, appointed, in any of their subdivisions, they shall not be may^djourh, 8 al, en<ied by fme proper officer appointed for the receiving of and order the recruits, either through negligence or any unavoidable acci detention of dent; then, and in that case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to adjourn themselves to some other convenient day, and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining in custody all such persons as shall have been then brought before them by the parish officers to be enlisted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's service; and the said of shall give notice to any of the officers attending on this service, in the county or be given to*place where such subdivisions shall be, of the day of such ad ding^ivfcr" journ^entf and the said officer is hereby required, either to vice, C attend himself, or appoint some other person to attend such of, and to receive such persons as the said commis officer topey sioners shall enlist into his Majesty's service; and the officers for re subsistence ceiving the said recruits shall pay to such personas the said com wryweruit m, fl"l0ners appoint, sixpence per Diem for the subsistence 6f y*every recruit then enlisted from the day of the last meeting of the

Keeper to be allowed their subsistence money.

Civil officers to be aiding in securing them, and to

the impressed men.

Notice of ad, iournment to

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. 195

the of to the said day of adjournment, the same to be charged to the account of the several regiments or companies into which the said recruits shall be enlisted, together with such and incidental

charges and expenses as shall appear to the said of charse,

to have been incurred, on account of the detaining the said persons,

from the day of the former meeting of the said of to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding three pounds.

XXXII. And, for the better preventing any disputes which persons dif may arise about paying for the subsistence of those personscharged as not who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this^ cad, may afterwards be discharged upon examination before the this act, pa commissioners and military officers, be it further enacted by the rith not to be authority aforesaid, That if any person, beingjudged by the com allowed their missioners not to be within the description of this act, shall be by expenses them discharged, the officers of the parish or townhall be entitled

to no consideration for their expenses in keeping such person; if any person beingjudged by the of to be If within the within the description of this act, shall be rejected by the mill description, taxy officer, such officer shall pay to the officers of the parish or j^officei^he town sixpence per Diem for the whole time that they shall shall pay^he have kept such person, to be charged to the account of his re expenses of'lpedive regiment or company; and every officer who shall ob keeping them, jedto any person delivered to him by the of, shall Objections to specify his objection to such person, whether it be to his age or be specified, size, or bodily disability, and the grounds of such objection shall to by comb forthwith, as far as may be, inquired into by the said of missioner and they shall proceed accordingly; and every officer Reasonsof who shall refuseor discharge any person delivered to him by the discharge to of, as fit to serve his Majesty within the description beirantmitted of this act, shall, without delay, if a lana officer, transmit to his |rthe recrc Majesty's secretary at war, or, if a marine officer, to the fecreat mr tary of the admiralty, his reasons for such refusal or discharge, in writing, signed by himself.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the pay of every new raised

such new raised man, so delivered to the officers or persons men to receive appointed to receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from Pay from tl!e the time of his being takefn and secured as aforesaid, and no i^nxfecured person, so enlisted or entered in pursuance of this act, shall be an(j, ot liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process, to arreits for other than for some criminal matter. debt.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority commission aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said may levy of, or any three or more of them, to impose upon a not*x any gaoler, or keeper of a house of correction or prison, who on^aofer for shall suffer any person, committed to his custody in pursuance escapeofmen, of this act, to escape; cr upon any high constable, churchwar ancj on parish den, overseer, petty constable, headborough, tithingman, or officers for other parish or town officer, for every wilful neglect or default negledof

in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept, to them or duly any of them directed in pursuance of this act, a fine not exo

3 cceding

196 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. [1779.

ceding ten pounds; and to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and falc of the offender's goods rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners and to pay the said fine to the informer or informers.

The feeond

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and sixth see That the said of or such of them as shall be pre articvsvf war nt at meet*ng fr lifting of soldiers as aforesaid shall to be read to cave the feeond and sixth feclior: s of the articles of war against pew rtifed mutiny and desertion, to be read to every man raised by virtue ipcti, cof this act, in the presence of the said of and the said of shall tender to every such man the oath directed by the third fe6tion of the articles of war to be taken by such persons as voluntarily enter into his Majesty's fenrice, (which oath the said of are hereby authorised to Commission administer)) the said of, or any three of them ers to certify present shall and they are hereby required forthwith to certifyha*y^cy unc^cr their hands, that such person or persons is or are duly that the 2d enlisted; setting forth the name and parish, or last place of and 6th ftdi abode, of him or them respectively, if known and that the fe ons of the ar cond and sixth sections of the articles of war against: mutiny and tide of war desertion, were read to him or them, and that he or they had

themxcla^en the oat mentioned in the said articles of war, or had

refused to take the said oath, and shall deliver.such certificate,

together with such men, to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them; and that it shall and may be lawful for such

officer or officers to confine such person or persons unril he

or they shall take the said oath; and such person or persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if be or they had taken the said oath according to the said articles Names of the of war j and the said of shall also forthwith cause an men, parish, entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept C to be cn by them or their clerks for that purpose of the names of fuqh book*n.cw raised men, of the parishes or places of their last abode, (if

they can be known,) and of the time and place when and where such men were delivered to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or persons who received them, and for what regiment or company Attested copy they were so received, and the sums paid; and shall cause thereof to be true copies or duplicates ovf such entries, attested by the said wfthln0^of, pr any three or more of them then present, dayi^to the within forty days after the delivering such men as aforesaid, admiralty, C to be transmitted into the office of the admiralty, or of his mien penalty of jesty's secretary at war for the time being; and every clerk, for ?ol. every neglect or default in not transmitting the said copies or

duplicates of such entries into the office of the admiralty, or of the secretary at war, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of ten Application pounds; one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his pftheptnalty. heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in some of the f ourts of record at wijlminjury or the court of sessions in Scotland.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said several clerks to the said of, provided the said copies or duplicates be truly transmitted into the office of the admiralty or secretary at war, 'as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the hands of the paymaster of his Majesty's land forces and marines, or one of them, such rewards as the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being upon consideration of the numbers of men lifted in the several counties, cities, boroughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this fervioe, shall judge the said clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several officers who shall receive impressed men raised in the manner herein before mentioned, shall pay to the clerk appointed by the of, for the use of the officers of the parish or town so employed in the raising such men, for their pains and services therein, twenty Shillings of lawful money of Great Britain for every man so impressed; and shall also pay, for every such man who shall have a wife or family, any sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the said clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein after directed, into the hands of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit of such parish or township in which such man shall have gained a settlement, and whose wife or family, may become chargeable to such parish or township respectively; sum shall be settled by the commissioners present at the meeting when such person shall be in lifted or entered, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number of children, or other particular circumstances of such person so enlisted j for both which payments the clerk shall give a receipt; and the sum of sixpenceper Diem for keeping every such man who shall be so delivered as aforesaid, according to the number of days that the officers of the said parish or townhall have kept him in custody, pursuant to the powers granted by this act, until such delivery; the said allowances of twenty Shillings, and of sixpence per Diemy in case of dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to or among the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tything men, and such other parish and town officers, or any or them, according to the judgement and discretion of the said of, or the major part of them then present.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or more of them, in their respective divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered, by and out of the said sum of twenty Shillings, herein before directed to be paid for the use of the officers of the parish or town so employed in the raising of such men, to allot and order such sum as they, shall think ht to the respective high constables, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, for their pains and service in the execution of this act, not exceeding the sum of two Shillings.

O 4 XXXIX And,

*97

Rewards for

coraraissioner*

clerk.

Officers to pay to the parish officers, for their trouble, xos. for every such man

and to the church wardens, See. from 10 s to 40 s. if such man have a wife or family.

as shall be settled by the commission,

and 6d. per Diem to the parish officers for the time they shall have kept him. Disputes relating thereto to be settled by the of.

commissioners may ailot, out of the money allowed to parish officers, as. to the high constables.

198 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. [1779.

Every person XXXIX And, for the encouragement of fit and able per

voluntarily fons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty's service, be it enacted int?tledto te That cvcry such Person who shall, on or before the first 3l. 3s. boun day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty volunta ty moi)ey. rily enter into his Majesty's service, before the said of, at their first or any subsequent meeting, upon being duly attested, shall receive the sum of three guineas from the officers appointed to receive them, and shall forthwith be delivered to Volunteers to the said officers; and the said commissioner shall cause an entry ove^to*the* to mace n fmc book to becept by them, or such clerk as military offi they ball appoint, of the names of such volunteers, and of the cers; and an parishes or places of their lqft abode, (if they can be known,) entry to be # and of the time and place whep and where they did so enter laces' them (elyes, apd f the sums paid to them, and by whom such of?bode, ac. payments were made, and of the names of the officers or persons who received such volunteers, and for what regiment or Duplicates of company they were received; and (fial} cause true copies or du entriestobe plicates of such entries, attested by three or more of the said the^ar^office0 of then prefenr, within forty days after the delivery See.*1 such volunteers, to be transafitted into the office of his Majesty's secretary at war for the time being, or into the office of The admiralty if the volunteers be delivered fqr the marines.

the war, if they demand

Volunteers to XL And, for the greater encouragement of all persons irceive pay who shall be fit and willing to serve his Majesty as volunteers, pftheir*n mc LI further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the pay ing; Clf ?ntcr cvcry such person who shall enter into the service Of his Majesty

as a volunteer, in pursuance of this act, or with any recruiting officer or sergeant, during the continuance of this act, shall commence from the time that he shall so enter himself and to be dif into his Majesty's service; and that every such volunteer, after charged at the jie shall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, veto or of bi heirs and fupceftors, during the space of three years, shall*- be at liberty, if he shall think fit, to demand his discharge from the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or company to which he shall belong, unless the nation shall be, then engaged in a war, and in that case such person shall remain in service, during the continuance of war; and fuph discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in writing, under the hand of such colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby required and im powered to give the same accordingly, on pain of being cashiered.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person who shall enter into the service of his Majesty as a volunteer in pursuance of this at; or with any recruiting officer or party during the continuance of this act, and shall not desert the same, shall, at any time after the expiration of such piilitary service, to serve parish be liable in his person to do any highway duty, commonly cal led Statute duty, or be appointed to serve as a peace officer, pr rr. lu*parish officer, or be liable to serve in the militia, or in any of his Majesty's land or sea forces unless he (h^ll confepf there:

Volunteers, after expiration of their service, not liable to Statute duty, or

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o 199

to 5 and that every such volunteer, after such military service as but may set aforesaid, shall have the like privilege in respect of setting up exa> and exercising any trade, and of not being removable unless tracdc, nagree he shall become actually chargeable, as by the Statute, made in able to Act the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An s <* 3*act to enable such officerj, marinerj, and soldiers, as have been in the sea or land service, or in the marines, fence the twenty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, to exercise trades, is given to those who have served according to the said recited act; and all other the benefits and advantages therein expressed shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all such volunteers, and also the wives and children of such volunteers as aforesaid, to all intents and purposes, as if the said act, and and every clause thereof, were here again particularly repeated and re enacted. Volunteers

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any volunteer dischargedbe shall be wounded or maimed in actual service, so as to become [a^on'of^thelr unfit for military duty, and shall be discharged oh that account term of so. at any time before the expiration of the term for which he vice, on ac was engaged to serve, the same shall be expressed in the discount of charge given him, under the hand and seal of his commanding officer j and every person so discharged shall be entitled to the ua services" same privileges, benefits, and advantages, of every kind what to be entitled ioever, as if he had continued for the full term of his engage to the same tnent in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; anything contained in this or any other act to the contrary fcrvc^ t^c thereof notwithstanding. full term.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall impressed be impressed in pursuance of this act, after he shall have continued men, after 5 in the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, years service during the space of five years, shall be at liberty, if he shallbc think fit, to demand his discharge from the colonel, or, in his they^emand absence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to it. y which he shall belong, unless the nation shall be then engaged in a war, and in that case such person shall remain in service during the continuance of war; and such discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in writing under the hand of such colonel or officer, who is duly empowered and required to give the same accordingly; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV And, for the better obviating such frauds and abuses as No soldier or maybe praftifedinthedischarging of soldiers, it is herebyenaft marine to be <ed by the authority aforesaid, That no private soldier, who shall di/ebarged be dqly enlisted or impressed into his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, shall, during the time such soldier continues in his colonel Great Britain, be discharged from his Majesty's service without etc. the consent of the colonel, or, in his absence, the officer commanding the regiment, first had and obtained in writing; and any officer of his Majesty's land forces, marines, or sea service, 0ce.r* who shall presume to discharge any person, enlisted or impressed pursuant to this act, in any other manner contrary to this act, contrary to shall by false muster pr certificate, or in consideration of a this act or II gratuity

200 A'hno decimo nono Georgii III. c. io.

[1779.

permitting gratuity of any kind, or by any other collusive or evasive ways aa^l^rvk* or meanshatsoever, suffer or permit any person who shall lsabe ca' voluntarily enlist, or be impressed into his Majesty's service ftuered. by virtue of this act, to avoid the actual service hereby intended, such person or persons shall not only lose the benefit of this a eft, but every such officer shall, for such offence, be cashiered.

When any XLV And, for the better preventing such frauds andabufesas "ew^led may be practised by any pretended ignorance of the terms under lorn his rtpu any non commission officer or soldier may have entered

ment, his 5 into the service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That name, de. any person, who shall be duly enlisted or impressed'C into his Majesty's service during the continuance of this act, ectin the mib j0*0 the regiment or company in which he is to serve, his lickbook. his name, description, and terms of service, shall be entered in thereof;the public book of such regiment or company; and a copy of such entry shall be delivered, as a certificate for every such person, signed by the commanding officer of such regiment or company.

and when

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

draughted That whenever and as often as such person shall, by the necessity into pny other of the service, be draughted into any other regiment or company, company to cntl7 be made in the same manner in the public be entered book of such regiment or company; and the commanding accordingly, officer thereof is hereby directed to add to the certificate the circumstance of such person being draughted, and at what time, and to sign his name and rank thereto.

Persons em

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, execution of That nocommissioner, churchwarden, overseer, constable, head this act, ex borough, tithingman, or other parish or town officer, who empted from shall be employed in the execution of this act, shall be liable, the penalties for or by reason of such execution, to any of the penalties men car a tioned in an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of 5* King Charles the Second, for preventing dangers which may happen

from popish recusants; or in one other act, made in the first year of the reign King William and Queen Mary, intituled, act for abrogating the oaths of allegiance andfupremaey^ and appointing other oaths; or in one other act, made in the parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the and 15 & 14 reign of the late King William the Third, intituled An act for Gul. 3. the further security of his Majestfs person, and the successton of the

crown in the protestant line; and for the extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors,

Imitations of

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action, plaint, suit, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county or place where th fast was committed, and not afterwards or elsewhere; and

201

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0.

such person or persons sued, in any court whatsoever, shall and may plead the general issue not guilty, and upon any issue joined General issue. may give this a A and the special matter m evidence; and if the plantiflf or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict or judgement upon demurrer pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble costs, for which he shall have the like remedy as Treble costs. in any case where costs by the law are given to defendants.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Act 14 Geo. his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the so far as it re. rendering the jujlicei of the peace more safe in the execution of their extended office) and for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to^ftice^and to their warrants, so tar as the said act relates to the rendering commissiotithe justices more safe in the execution of their office, shall ex ers acting tend, and be construed to extend, to the justice or justices of under autho the peace, and the commissioner or of acting under^0 1 14 the authority, or in execution of this act; and no action or suit shall be had or commenced, or writ issued out, or copy of No a&ioo to writs served upon any peace officer or officers, or any other*coramen person or persons, for anything done in the execution of this ic

act, until notice in writing shall have been given to him or doneincxe them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the attor cution of this ney for the party commencing such action, or suing out or ?&# hlf notice (Serving the copy of the said writ; which fipd notice in writing shall contain the name and place of abode of the person who is thegplty.to tp bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney shall be underwritten or indorsed thereon; and such defendant or defendants shall be at liberty, and may by virtue of this act, Defendant at any time within fourteen days after such notice, tender, or may tender cause to be tendered, any (urn or sums of money, as amends 4i?ends for the injury complained of, to the party complaining, or to ned?, " the said attorney; and if the same is not accepted of, such de and plead the fendant or defendants may plead such tender in bar of such ac same in bar, tien or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court and if, upon issue joined upon such tender, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants, who shall in such case be entitled to his and their treble costs.

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No action to That if any action shall be brought against any justice of the b.c. brought in peace, commissioner, or other officer, employed in the execu f^imtof1 tien of this act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the executing this person instituting such action shall, previous to the commence act, till notice ment thereof, intimate by himself, orchis agent or attorney, his has been given said intention, and grounds of complaint, so as that the justice, commissioner, or other officer, may have opportunity of make may tender ing due amends for the injury intended to be prosecuted; amends, tie. if the said justice, commissioner, or other officer, shall make it

appear,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. [1779.

appear, to the Satisfaction of the judge before whom the Aion is brought, that such due amends was tendered and refused previous to the commencement of the aaion, the said judge shall give decree for the defender, who shall, in such case, be entitled to treble costs of suit.

Where the

LI. Provided always, and be further enacted by the authority ^rotebtel^fe foresaid, That where a verdia shall be given for the plaintiff, [br*doing then any action to be brought against any justice of the peace or aaion com commissioner, or any peace officer or other person, for seizing, plained of, the taking, imprisoning, or detaining, such plaintiff in execution titled a un<^cr colour of any authority or authorities hereby

mages nor g*vcn> an<*lt appear to the judge or court, before whom colts i the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause for doing

the aa complained of in such aaion, and the said judge or court shall certify on the record that there was probable cause, as aforesaid; then, and in such case, the plaintiff shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit.

but if the

LII. Provided always, That where a verdia shall be given cause of aaion for the plaintiff in any such aaion as aforesaid, and the judge was roalici or court, before whom the cause shall be tried, shall certify ed, he on record that the injury for which such aaion was

have double brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the plaintiff costs. shall be entitled to double costs of suit.

His Majesty. when a fufiici ent number of men shall be raised, may, by proclamation. C suspend the execution of this a&j

or may suspend or enforce it in any county or place.

Volunteers to enjoy all their privileges, & C notwithstanding such fuf pension.

Chief magistrate of cities, See, upon notice from the secretary at war, to enforce this act within their jurisdictions.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall be satisfied, by the said returns of the commifconers or otherwise, that a sufficient number of recruits in the whole shall be raised for his present service, or for other sufficient reasons, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the execution of this act, with respea to the whole of Great Britain, or any part thereof, by proclamation or order in council, or other public notice in the London Gazette, or by notice from his Majesty's secretary at war \ anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his service, may at any time suspend the execution of this act, in any county or place of Great Britain, by notice from his Majesty's secretary at war; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all persons who shall enter as volunteers during the continuance of this act, shall be entitled to the same bounties, privileges, immunities, and advantages, as are herein granted to such volunteers, notwithstanding any such suspension as aforesaid.

LVI. And whereat it may often be expedient for his Majesty's service, that the of hereby appointed hall execute this act in cities, towns > or other places, when it may not be convenient to enforce the execution thereof through the county in which such city, town, or place, shall be respectively situate 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor or other chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, shall, upon receiving

notice

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o. 203

notice'for that purpose from the secretary at war, immediately proceed to put this act in execution, within their respective jurisdictions, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such mayor or other chief magistrate had received such notice from the sheriff of the county in which such city, town, or place, shall fee respectively situate; anything In this adk contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII And, forafmuph as great inconveniences, may happen Labourer, by impressing men during the time of harvest, be it therefore havingproper enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the certificates, twenty-fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and bevnprcffed seventy nine, until the twenty-fifth day of October following, from May5, no harvest labourer, or person working at hay harvest or corn to O.5. harvest work, within the time aforesaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be impressed by virtue of this act, but shall be free and exempted from the same, during the time aforesaid, provided they have a certificate, under the hands of the minister, and of one church warden or overseer of the poor, or elders of the parish or place where they live, allowed under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace of the same county, Shire, stewartry, riding, city, or place; which certificate shall be given gratis.

' - LVIII And, for the more easy and better putting this adk commission into execution, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ers for exccu any three or more of for putting this act in execu the tien in the several ridings of the county of York, (being justices castleofyork. of the peace, though not all of the same riding), may, within the castle of York, or limits thereof, execute the powers of this adk.

LIX. And whereas diverse soldiers who have defer ted his Ma commission jejiys service have been harboured in a certain place called Threap crsforexecut wood, lying within or near the counties of Chester and Flint, or xleap.wood! one of them, and adjoining to the town of Cuddington, in the said p county of Chester, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of hereby appointed for the county of Chester, and the officers of the said town of Cuddington, shall execute this adk in the said place called Threapwood, according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continuance That this act, and everything therein contained, shall be and of this st. continue in force until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the forms of pro Forms of proceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act, ceedings to be which are set forth and expressed in the schedule hereunto an ufa as set nexed, shall be used upon ill occasions, with such additions j*the

and variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the lc C C

Particular exigencies of the case; and that no objection shall e made or advantage taken for want of form in any such proceedings by any person or persons whomsoever,

LXII,

204 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. [1779.

Form pre

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, feribea for hat the several entries, which the commissioners for executing triv pursuant arc squired to make, of the names and descriptions of

to this act. all volunteers, and also of all impressed men, together with the other particulars herein before directed, shall be made according the form hereunto annexed.

U

Recruit's Name. e Height. > 09 O deferip tien of the Recruits For what Corps pressed. For what Corps in haed voluntarily. Sum paid. By whom i paid. 1 Officer who received or refused the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused.

n r Inches.

The

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o.

The SCHEDULE,

(fating the Fofms) to which the Ail refen.

No. I.

Form of a Warrant to a High Conjiabk.

To High Conjiabk of

To wit,

JW

E, whose names and seals are hereunto set,

of the of appointed (among others) to put in execution an act of parliament, pojfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, in titulei, [insert the title or the ado, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act, hereby ftriflly enjoin and require you, upon receipt hereof \ to issue your precept to the churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty constables, bead boroughs, tithingmen, and other parish and town officers, within the several parishes, townships, confab lewicks, and other places, w//af/z the distrifl or division of [ ]

aforesaid, and every of them, requiring them diligently to make or cause to be made a general search within theirre speflive parishes, townships, confablewicks, or other places, for all such able-bodied idle and disorderly persons, do not exerdfe and industriously follow some lawful trade or employment, or have some subfance sufficient for their support and maintenance, or who shall appear to them to be able-bodied idle and disorderh, and not to exerdfe and indufri ously follow some (pwful trade or employment, or have some fubfance sufficient for their support and maintenance \ and all able-bodied persons who shall have been convicted, before any justice or justices of the peace, of illegally landing, running, unshipping, concealing, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of cufoms or excise, the same duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding or assifiing the rein, in any penalty not exceeding forty poundsand to brirtg them before us, or such other commifjmers for putting the said act in execution as ball meet for that purpose at in the parish of within the said distrifl or

division, on the day of

at of the clod in the every such

personas they ball find, or who are or jhau appear to them Vo be within the above defortption, to be then and there examined and disposed of according to the said act of parliament

Given

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o

[1779.

'Given under our hands and seats, at. aforesaid,

the day of in the

year of the reign of our sovereign lord George the Third, King of Great Britain, QV. and in the year of our Lord.

No II

Form of conviction of offenders against this ai

TIT remember id, That on this day of To wit. j > in the year of the reign of his present

majesty King George the Third, A. bof is duly

convicted before us, and other of for putting in execution an act of parliament, made and passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the title of the ad] for that he, the said A.B. on the day of

last, did

Wherefore we, the said of, do adjudge, that be, the said A.B. do pay the sum of as a fine for such

offence, in pursuance of the powers in us vejied by the said act of parliament.

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year above written.

No. III

Form of a warrant of distress.

To

) t?orasmuch as A.B. late of was, on the

To wit. J JL day of duly convicted before us

and other commissioners for putting in execution an act of parliament, made and passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, [intert the title of the ad] by the oath of CD a credible witness, for that he the said A.B. on the day of last, did by reafim whereof

We did adjudge and have adjudged him to pay the sum of as a fine for such offence, in pursuance of the powers in us vejied by the said act of parliament: and whereat it appears to us that the said sum of is not yet paid, we therefore authorise and require you forthwith to make distress of the goods of him the said A.B. and if, within the pace of five days next after such distress by you token, the said sum of

ball not be paid, that you do cause the said

goods

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. o.

goods by you seized to be appraised and sold rendering the overplus to him the/aid A.B. after deducting the said sum of and also the tofts and charges of suck

distress and [ale, and to pay the said fine to the informer. Jtiereof fail not.

Given under our bands and feah> the day of

No. IV

Form of commitment by a justice for examination before the of.

To '

{ D Eceive into your custody the body of A.B. herewith To wit. \ XV sent you, having been impressedby C D. by virtue of a warrant to him directed by E. F. G. H. and I. K. three of the commissioners for putting in execution an act of parliament passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre font majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the title of the act] to serve his Majesty as a soldier or a seaman, and brought before one of his Majesty s

justices of the peace in and for the said county, by the said C D. to be examined; and the said A.B. being adjudged by me to oe within the description of the said act, him safely keep in your custody till he shall be conveyed before the said of for executing the said act, at their next meetings or until he shall be thence disebarged by due course of law; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient warrant.

Given under my band and seal, this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. V

Form of a warrant to secure men impressed.

i To the keeper of the gaol (or house of correction, at To wit. j in the said county.

THESE are, in his Majesty's name to charge and command you to receive and safely keep in your custody who has (or have) been raised and levied to serve his Majesty as a soldier or soldiers), pursuant to an act of parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, [here insert the title] until he (or they) shall bt delivered from your custody according to the said act oj parliament.

Given under my hand and seal (or our bands and seals), the day of in the.year of our Lord

Vol. XXXII P CAP.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1, -14. [1779.

5u # t

; a p. xr.

An Act for rendering more beneficial an act, made in the thirtyfirfr year of the reign of King George the second, intituled An act sir ejtabujbsng

agreements, made between Charles Brandling esquire, and other persans, proprietors of lands, for laying down a wagon way, in order for the better sup fijeeeg the town and neighbourhood of Leeds in the county of York, with coals, by enabling the said Chirlet Brandling to supply, annually a larger quantity of coals to and for the ue of the said town and neighbourhood \ ^d^for^ nrgulating the prices of carrying coals from the repository axe

CAP. XII.

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the^eye ral hundreds of Hartsmere, Boxne, and Thredling, in the county of Sotblk.

CAP. XIV.

inaltfir the better Jiippfy tf mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other

1.'trading ships and vessels.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in x1 his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From the paf parament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that, ling of this from and after the passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day

aft till March of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longs mer er, (except in respect to such merchant ships, and other trading ac^may^be P or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said navigated by twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and three fourths eighty, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and be toreign fca nefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein after is provided,) it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen br mariners, not being natives of Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not Exceed three fourths of the mariners it any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or Other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen (o employed, e at all times natives, or his Majesty's naturalised subjects of Great Britain, (hidden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the seas, fa ved and excepu ed,) open act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the raign of his late majesty King Charles the second, (intitoled, Shalt for the encouraging and en&easing of shipping and navigation,) or dbypther Statute or law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 1 ilvprovtded

1779.] Anno ecimo nono Georgii III. c. 5, 16. 209

II. Provided always That nothing in this act contained shall Thisaftfnoe extend to take away or restrain thd effect of any such royal proto restrain any clamation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are empower roh d to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth War of jj^epuriiairt his late majesty's reigft, (entitled. An all far the better Juppfy i/'toan& 13 mariners and seamen to fe*ve in his Majestjs hips of war, am( on Geo. IL board merchant/hips and other trading Ships and privateers.) '

CAP. XV.

An act to continue an a made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty^An act for regulating tnao* houses)) a further time therein limited.

WHEREAS an all was passed in the fourteenth year of the prttm*t#

reign of his present a$ajefy % intituled An act for regulat AT Geo. ing mad houses: And whereas it is expedient that the said a&should* rtdtaa. be continued for a further timt\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall continue in force for the further term of'jjttaesffc# seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fcfliqn ftten years, of parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An act for ponhhing mutiny and deferrion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

Number of forces 30, 346, including 3, 113 invalids. After March4, 1779, during the continuance of this act, every officer and prime man, who shall mutiny ordesert, cor list in any other regiment,

cor shall be found flee ping upon, or shall desert htspost, or hold<orref: pondence with the enemies of his Majesty; or shall strike or disobey his superior officer; shall suffer death, or such punishment as a court mat rial shall inflict The King may grant a commission for holding court-martial; Sic. Coorts martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, C General court-martial not to confilt of less than 13$ (except within the garrisons of Goree and Senegal, See.) and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniorlty, not under the degree of a captain;

(except in the garrifonsof Goree and Senegal, where they are to consist of five at the least)) administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be sworn. Judge's charge before oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In fenteaces of death, what number of officers shall concur. See. Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or for a term of years; but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he shall suffer death. The party tried in tilled to a copy of the (entente and proceedings of the court-martial.

Original proceetdings. Sec. of court-martial to be transmkted to tbp judge advocate general in London, See. Proceed logs of courts, or entries or copies thereof, not liable to tamp duties. None to" be tried a feconjp time for the same offence, except in case of appeal. This act nor to exempt soldiers from ordinary prottediaga. Penalty on falle certifies res to excuse loidiers from mutter Penalty on officera ^alung false muflers.&l*

Piftinous names allowed by his Majestyh order jipon the mutter rolls for the maintenance of officers widows, not to see construtd a talfe muftefr.

Commissary or multer matter to give notice of- mutter to mayor, Jfcc. OS pfaa ty of L mutter rolls to be signqd by tfet mayor, fice. Penalty 00

T pnsmf

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.

[1779.

persons offering themselves to be falsety mustered. Horse sanely muqer

ed, to be forfeited, C Forfeiture how to levied. Officer! embezzling. Sec. military floras, to be caftnered, and forfeit tool, and the damage to be made goodbye sale of his goods and chattels; for want of di&refs, the person to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Muiler ruafter, Sec. taking a muster, to make oath. The oath. muster rolls, though transraitted without the oath endorsed to the paymasters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agents, Sec. detaining officers or soldiers pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents disobeying of orders. Surgeon, Scc. within ten miles ot London, C to certify who are tick; and commanding officers to certify who are employed in tailing recruits. Penalty on officer rouiteiing persons by wrong names. Constables, C to quarter officer ?nd men in inns, alehouses, Sec. but in no distillers or (nopkeepei s houses, or in any private houses. Penalty on constables, Sec. quartering soldiers in private houses, Sec. Penalty on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this act, See. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justice, and be relieved. No justire having any military office to be concerned in billetting his soldiers. Officers and ol diei s to pay rates for their provisions. What innholders may allow men quartered on them instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse

person from quartering. Dragoons, Scc. and their horses to be bil letted in the same houses. Manner of changing men and horses. Clause relating to a soldier's settlement for his wife and children. Officers, C

'be quartered in Scotland as the laws in forre at the union direct. No pay mailer, Sec. to make dead uctions out of officers or private men's pay. Exception. Treasury may ilfite out the money due for clothing every two months. Paymasters to deduct the offreckonings Officers to give notice to innkeepers of subsistence money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, Sec. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers net paying subsistence money. On nonpayment of quarter?, the officer to make up accounts, C No muster in Westminster, chut in the pie fence of two or more justices. conttabus, Sec. may billet foldieis in Westminster, C Petty constables, C to quarter soldiers in their respective divisions. Constables, Sec. to deliver lists at quarter sessions, on oath of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective division; to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lists to be wrote by the cleric

at ad per sheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defettive lilts. How to be levied. This atto extend to Jersey, Scc. muiter rolls to be closed on the day of the muster, and returned to the pay master of the forces, C Penalty. Justices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing wagons to travel more than one day's journey, See. Penalty on constables Sec. Neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for that purpose how to be raised. No

'wagon C to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Soldiers wives. Sec. nor to be quartered withoutcon sent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game. How the account of every regiment shall be kept. Penalty on paymasters, C Penalty on colonels. Noncommission officer embezzling soldier's pay, Sec. to be reduced, Sec. Justices may commit deserters. Reward for tak king up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arm, clothes, Scc. Penalty on officer breaking open any house without warrant. His Majesty empowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punisha ble by this act. Deserters beyond sea, Sec. may be tried here, or in Ireland, C This act to extend to deserters, C in Ireland, Sec. Person acquitted, Sec. by the civil magistrate, may.only be cashiered by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes. Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, Scc. Paymasters. C to account with executors. Persons sued may plead the General issue, Treble costs. All suits to be brought in forae of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this act. Penalties a gain it

an act 1 Geo. I. where to be sued (or. No volunteer liable to process, un

less

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 17. an

left for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 10l.

Oath of the debt to be made before a'judfce, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procers. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Soldiers while confined for debt, nof to receive pay Penalty on conltsbes, See, taking money to excuse any person from quartering; and, on victuallers refofing to quarter soldiers. J allices may order constables, to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered, C Ho the troops are to pay in passing over ferries in Scotland. Clause for relief of persons hastily enlisting themselves. Persons refusing the said relief to be proceeded against as if duly inbfted. Offences against former mutiny acu punishable by this adfc. None liable to be tried, Sec for offences against former acb, which were committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial j except for desertion. Officers, Scz. of the trams of artillery" subject to this at. American troop, acting in conjunction with British' forces, to the same martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the

American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and bilet trd as the British forces; and under the same regulations and penalties.

Where any corps beyond seas shall be relieved in order to return home, such of the men as shall chuce may be infilied, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the enlisting certificate. This acfc not to extend to the militia further than is directed by the militia laws. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may sit in conjunction upon court-martial; taking rank according to the feaiority of their commissions.

CAP. XVII.

An act to explain and amend an act, maett in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second intituled, An act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in twenty second year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the second, entitled,

An act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act act* Geo. of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Ma II recited, jesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea; is, among other thingsf enacted, that from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, no member of any court mar tial, after the trial is begun, ball go on Shore till sentence be given, but remain on boarj the ship in which the court shall first assemble, except in case of feckness, to be judged of by the court, upon pain, of being cafinerei from his Majesty's service; nor shall the proceedings of the said court be delayed by the absence of any of its members, provided a sufficient number doth remain to compose the said court, which shall and is thereby required to sit from day today (Sunday always except.ed) until the femence be given: and whereas it bath been found by ex perience, that the confining members of court-martial to the ship in which such court-martial shall first assemble, until sentence be given, hath been attended with great inconveniences and prejudice to the healths of officers summoned to attend as members of court-martial; and it is highly necessary and expedient that such inconveniences Should be prevented in future; may if therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

Part of the said act repealed.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 17. [1279.

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so much and such part of the said recited act as directs that no member of any court-martial, after the trial, is begun, shall go on shore V till sentence be given, but remain on board the ship in which the court shall nrft alterable, except in case of sickness, to be judged of by the court, upon pain of being cadiicred from his Majesty's service; and, that the proceedings of the said court shall not be delayed by the absence of any of members, provided a sufficient number doth remain to compose the said court, which is thereby required to sit from day today (Sunday always excepted) until the sentence be given, shall be, and the same it hereby repealed and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Proceedings

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the proceedings of courts of any court-martial shall not be delayed by the absence of any of

* its members, provided a sufficient number doth remain to com the absence of pe such court, which shall, and is hereby required to sit from day any members, today (Sunday always excepted) until the sentence be given j any provided eno thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise remain to notwithstanding: and no member of the said court-martial shall

make a coutt. g^sent himself from the said court during the whole course of upon pm cafoiered from his Majesty's fer

except on ice, exceptrin case of sickness, or other extraordinary and indif some extra pen fable occasion, to be judged of by the said court, ordinary oc HI. And whereas by two clauses in tbi said act passed in tbi casion. twenty second % year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fecand? it is enacted and declared? That every person in the fleet, who* Geotll. through cowardice? neglig nce? or difafsession, Shall? in time of allien? recited,* withdraw or keep back, or not come into the sight or engagement, or shall not do his utmost to take or destroy every slip which it shall be kts duty to engage, and tg assifl and relieve all and every of his Majesty's ships? or tbafe of his allies, which it shall be his duty to assifl and relieve? and being convified thereof by the sentence of a court-martial? flail suffer death; and also that every person in the fleet? who? through cowardice, negligence? or difajfeftion? shall forbear to purfut the chase of any enemy? pirate, or rebel? beaten or flying? or shall not relieve or ajflfl a known friend in view, to the utmost of his power, and being eonvilled of any such offence by the sentence of a court-martial flail suffer death: And whereas the refraining of the power of the court-martial to the infilling of the punishment of death in the several cases recited in the said clauses? may be attended with great hardship and m and altered, convenience? be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful, in the several cases recited in the said clauses, for the court mania) to pronounce sentence of death, or to inflict such other punishment as the nature and degree of the offence shall be found to deserve.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for raising a certain Aim of money by way of annuities, and for

establiflung a lottery.

[Preamble.]

7, 000, 0001. to be ntiftd by knnuitles, and 490, 00? 1. by a lottery. Contribators to the fom of 7, 000, 0001, to be in titled to certain annuities) which iull be charged upon a fund to be established this session, and collaterally upon the sinking fund. Contributors may have the annuity of 3l. 15 s. percent, for life, instead of for 19 yean, upon producing a proper certificate to the auditor of the exchequer before dec.*i, 1779. Every contributor of tooool. shall, upon payment of 70l. more, be entitled to fcveit lottery tickets. Preamble) reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of Commons. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times spedfied. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for ah moneys paid in advance Subscriben to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their {ubfanpttom, Stall receive tickets to the amount thereof Subscribers to the 7, 000, 000l. entitled to an annuity of1. per tent, and alto an annuity of 3 I. 15s. for 19 years both payable half yearly. All contributors who shall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30, 1779, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5, 1779, on the annuity of 31. 15 s. when they receive the half year's annuity due on the

3 percent. otherwise they shall not receive the said annuity until Jan. 1780. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the blank of England, Ac Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for moftey received; which shall be assignable, &c. Cashier to give security, to the good liking of the Commissioners of the treafuiyi and to pay all moneys received into Che exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply tlfe money paid in by the cafitier. A book to be orovided in the accountant general office, m which contributors names mall be entered, &c. After contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will he entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act) which shall be tax free. Sub iqriptions paid in part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the publick. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the turns subscribed shall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. accountant general, on payment of 50l. per ctnt. of their contributions, before June5, 1779, to give credit to the contributors for the annuity of

' 31. 15 s. which shall be transferable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this act. Governor, &c. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier, and accountant general. Moneys to be issued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, where in shall be entered all transfers of sunk advanced on this act. Method of transferring. The annuities of 31. 2 59. percent, per emn. shall be a separate flock from the other annuities. The annuities of 31.15s.per cent, to be made a joint (tock with certain annuities granted, for 30 years by the lottery act of lait session. Perfotis possessed of itock may dfevife the same by will, &c. Commissioners of the treasury to discharge all incidental charges attending the execution of this act. The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act shall be added to the joint dock of 3 percent. transferable at the bank, &c. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 490, 000]* to be raised by a lottery) the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, &c. Contributors, for every 1001. they shall advance, to be entitled to an annuity of 31.15 s. per mmatm for 7.9 years, or for life. Life annuities to be paid'at the exchequer half yearly. Cashiers of the bank to give certificates to contributors who choose lire annuities, which may be alugned before Dec.

4 if77?* Cashiers to transmit to the auditor of the exchequer a book Containing the names of the contributors, Ac, Contributors shall deliver

214 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. f 1779,

[Proviso.]

liver their certificates to the auditor, before Dec., 1779, to be exchanged for orders; and name their nominees. Auditor to cause orders for payment to be made out as loon as convenient, which shall be signed by the commifeoners of the treasury. Books to be kept in the offices of the auditor and clerk of the pells, containing the names of the contributors, Sec. Part of the money toarife from the new duties to be set apart fr tfce annuities on lives. On death of nominees, annuities to cease. Life annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the exchequer. When contributors, Sec, demand payment of their annuities in the absence of their nominees, they must produce certificates of their being alive on the day when the respective half yearly payments become due. What certificate necessary when the nominee resides in England or Wales. Penalty on forging certificates, C What certificate northeast ctftary when the nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland; or in parta beyond the seas. Penalty on persons receiving a half yearly payment for any time after the death of their nominee. Contributors, within a mopth after notice of the death of their nomifiee, to certify the same to the auditor of the exchequer, Sec. on penalty of 101, Annuities to be tax free. of of the treasury, on receiving a proper certificate from the chief baron, Sec. of the exchequer, may cause view orders to be made in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt, cor de faced, or encumbered with assignmmrs. Clause for preventing frauds relating to (landing orders, C Offenders to suffer death as felons. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any transfer, See. Penalty on officers of the exchequer who shall demand any such fee, or misapply the moneys, Sec. Offices, in certain cases, not to incur any penalty for making wrong payments. If the fund to be ella blished for payment of the annuities Should prove insufficient, the deficiency to be supplied out of the sinking fund; which moneys shall be replaced out of the next supplies. If the fund shall be more than sufficient to pay the annuities, the surplus to be reserved for the dispofiti n of parliament. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery'books. Ticket. Managers to examine the book pith the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the hank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of moneys paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut oft indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 49, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, iqoo 1. to each first drawn ticket of the first eight days, and 1000l. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Publicfe notice to be given of putting the *tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 19, 1779. Method to be observed in drawing. Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed, Disputesto be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. Sec. Felony. Offenders, not in pnlon, di(covering persons guilty, to rective a pardon, and 501. reward. Managers to be (worn The oath. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed, before receiving the lottery bock, giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 101. so paid. Contributois not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits % % ith respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissimers of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the (aleof chances, Sec. Penalty. Office keepers. see. fil ing shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 500.1, and suffer j months imprisonment. No person shall keep any office for the sale of tickets, Sec. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of to I. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice chancellorv Curt. Forfeitures may be levied by distiefs, Sec. Procreding not to be temoved by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with effect, Sec. This act pot to pjxjudice^ the privileges and jurisdictions of the mayor. Sec. of Oxford. Offences committed iq Ireland against British alts for preveming'i unlawful

1779'j Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 19.

unlawful lotteries, made punishable: Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 490, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March i, 1780, C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed, Sec. No see to be taken for receiving or pay ing the contribution moneys, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of aol. General issue. Treble costs,

CAP. XIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay apd clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

Preamble Where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver-general of the county is to issue tour months pay, in advance according to the efta bhthment of pay here set down $ with half a year's salary to the regimental and battalion clerks; and the allowances to the clerks of the general and subdivision meetings; and pay for clothing of the militia. Where pay has not been issued, no pay to be lfliied till the lord lieutenant, or deputies, shall have certified to the treasury and receivers general the inrolment of three fifths of the men and officers. The money is to be paid by the receiver-general to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, (except the allowances to the clerks of the meeting) upon the producing the warrant of his appointment; and for independent companies, to the respective captains, or to their order; according to the establishment laid down in the militia act of 1 Geo. III. A second payment is also to be made within three months after the firs, and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money shall be so paid, to discharge the receivers general. The regimental and battalion clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain for the sergeants, and drummers; and for the ferjeaht ma jor and drum major two months pay to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong; Captains to distribute the pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clefk, or receiver general it an iqdependant company, according to the following form; and pay back the surplus moneys in his hands. On discharge ot sergeants or drummers as unfit for service, no pay to be issued till others are appointed; nor any payment made to such as are discharged by the commanding officer. The clerks are likewise to pay, out of the films allowed for contingent expenses. 1 d. per man for hospitalcharges; and Hie films necessary for the repair of arras, and carriage thereof Residue to be applied for the benefit of the regiment, cas the field officers and captains shall direct Account of the said sums to be made up yearly C Mope y allowed for contingent expences of independent companies to be applied and accounted for by the captains. Clerk to retain money in his bands for his own salary. When the Id. lieut. or deputies shall have fixed the days of exercise, they are to certify the same to the receiver-general, (becifying the number of men, and days thry shall be absent from home. receiver-general to issue there upon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk, Sec. Where there shall be indipendant companies only, the receiver-general is to issue pay to the captains, See. according to the rate here set down. Clerks to pay over the money to the respective captains. Captains to make up their account according to the following form; to be signed by them, and countersigned by the commanding officer, and delivered, with the balapcc, to the clerk, or receiver-general Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual service and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the receivers general is to cease receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fisbdivision meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant

or

21c

Anno deelmtf ridjjd' g&oftoirhfc CD [1779.

ofnftputy tamnantt { whkh offler to b*to rtctitengmenl Regimental ap bartalkwrclerittogive securify for pacing and accounting' for the moneys received by them j the bonds to be todg*(f with the recenr ers^general, and put in Rifr by them onncitf performance Of the condition! and they are intkjed thereupon to code and charges \ and $\*set ob the money recovered the reftduej to be accounted for to the audt tonne the>wgimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies, fare to deliver in a&ottats of their receipts and diffiarfementi/ Code, See. where to be recovered No fee payable for any warrant or fan of money ifloed in pursuance of this act. Officers on half-pay serving in the militia, 'may receive the fdbfiftenee money payable to ttptamoieute*' nants, ofeissigns, they taking the following oath'before a justice. The oath. reeeiver general, upon receiving a warrant front the command iagv officer certifying the receipt of the dost hi ng, and an order for pay roent is to pay the same accordingly. If any regiment, die. shall cease. 3*.perdiem> id to be paid to the adjutant from such time to March 05.17so

CAP. X.

aft/or the better raising and securing a fund for a provision for th widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of - the heads, principals, and roxfttrs, in the universtftec of Saint Andrews,

Glasgow, Edingburgti, and Aberdeen $ and for repeating two actsmade in the seventeenth and twenty second years of the reign of hit im w jesty King George, the second for those purposes,r*b!

[Preamble.]

Act 17 Geo. it. recited. The said act amended[by.6t}as Geo. il. Ministers now in the church, C to continue liable in payment of their rates. Ministers, Sic, hereafter admitted to be subject to rates. Proviso Rutcfor notifying the option of rates. Rule for ministers, coing their first payment, and future payments. Rate to be paid on the ^eftui of a painitter, C Mini Iters, subject to a tax on account of their marriage., Proviso in favour of those who marry annuitants. Time when, or cgioed assistants are subjected to rates { and when they shall make their election of rates. Ministers, See. of 40 years of age at admission, and laing children, subject 10 additional, rates. Proviso iq case they are then ua married. Persons held two offices not subject to an additional rate. Rate payable out of the ann: And where no ann. is competent, by the heirs, Sic, Rates payblc out of vacancies. Intimation to be made to the patrons of the respective jparishes when these rates become due. Time when these rates bear interest. Penalty on presbyteries, See, neglecting to make intimation. Rates, C privileged debts. Application of the money; awe. for payment of charges of management 5 for raising the capital $ and for paying the annuities to widows. Rule for computing annuities. Time when annuities shall cease or determine. Children under age intitled to reverson of annuities. Widows marrying ministers, Sec. to continue an jpoitanta. Proviso in favour of children under age. Sums to bj paid to*children whole fathers died widowers: When their provisions are pawhji. Trustees, in certain cases, to make stoppaget from the.widows annuities, also from the childrens provisions. Loan of sol to be discontinued. Loans already granted to be repayed, with interest. Loans may be repaid upon giving notice thereof. Capital to be raised to 100, 000 i. Surpluses of the annual produce above the annual expense to be applied for raising the capital, and likewise such 301. as shall be repaid. No encroachment to be made on the capital, nor the raising thereof retarded If the capital be diminished bow to be made up. plan to be formed for disposing of the X surplus of the fund, after the capital is raised. In what case the said plan may be set aftde. Trustees appointed, Ministers in the univerlitiet and orelbyteries formerly trustees continued, unless they decline the office Ministers admitted to any office in the universitiea or St. Andrews, Glass

Sow, and Aberdeen, C to be trustees. Such trustees only to continue uring their being in these offices. Each presbytery to cleft one Ti uftcci so elected may refute to act, Trustees authorised to levy mi o rates.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. II17

rites, Ice. Trustees not to employ any part of the capital without con sin of rbe lord president, Sec. Quorum of trustees, and meetings appointed.

Manner in which the meetings of the trustees are to be called. Former clerk to the trustees eftxblished in his office. Succeeding clerks to give scanty. Former collector eftsblished in his office, Sc. Provild. Power to the collector to recover rates. The cel left Or to execute his office of le vying and applying the produce of the fund as directed by the trustees.

[Proviso.]Collector to keep a public. office in Edinburgh. cotle&or to dedu& from widows annuities, and childrens provisioat, lum due by their dectafed huftwnds or fathers. Collector may appoint deputies. Expenses in recovering fume due from debtors to be paid out of their estates.

Lords of council and session to issue letters of horning against Ministers,

[Proviso.]

Sec. lor compelling payment t and for recovering Turns due from vacant benefices and faunes. coue&or, or his sureties in case of his death, may recover suns appointed to be made goodbye him. Resignation of officers to be made to the trustees at one of their stated meetings. Trustees may suspend or remove their officers upon reasonable cause. Vacancies of the office of derk or collector to be filled up by the trustees, until the meeting of the general aflerobly. One or two may be chosen to execute the office of collector. Notice to be given of election of officers; or such ete&ion8*to be void. General collector to give security. Preibyteriesto make of lists of mtnifters, See. admitted to benefices, Sec. Proviso in favour of the preibyteries in the Hies. Preibyteries, See. to give certificates to the widows and children. Trustees to make uplifts of widows and children inti Bed to receive annuities and provisions. Trustees to settle the lists of annuitants. Scc. and issue warrants for payment, Sec. General collector to make payment upon warrants being presented to him.

Widows or children to lodge the certificates required. No rewards to be taken by the collector or clerk for delivering warrants. Remedy for widows or children omitted in the lists. If onriflion not owing to default, trustees may allow interest on their claims. Time limited for making claims upon such omissions. Payments to be made to majors, and to tutors for minors. Annuities and provisions to children not liable to arrest ment. Trustees to attend stated meetings, or forfeit ts. 6d. Proviso,

Trustees to prepare a ftste of the fund, and cause the same to be printed.

[Public act.]

Expense of printing, Sec. to be paid by the collector. collector to exhibit an account of money come to his hands. Annual rates paid by the ministers deemed part of their stipends. Expense of this act to be paid by the collector. Former acts repealed.

CAP. XXI.

Art 461 for licensing and regulating lottery office keepers.

Most gracious Sovereign

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, think it will be for the advantage of the public, and that it will prevent many fraudulent practises used by persons dealing in lottery tickets, and in shares and chances of lottery tickets, to grant unto your Majesty the duty upon licences, and to efta blifti the several regulations herein after mentionedj and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted? and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after After April the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy 5* 1779* no' nine, prrfontokeep

alottery office without a licence.

Each licence tocoft 50l.j

and shall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers

Licence to fct forth the name of the person taking out the same, Arc. and to continue in force for one year.

Person lreep ing any office contrary to this a, to forfeit tool.

Produce of the duty on licences to be

Ahtio'decimo nono Georgii Ml. C 31. f 1779.

nine, no person or persons whatsoever shall, publicly or privately, setup, exercise, keep, or open, by himself, or any other person or persons, any office or place for buying, selling, in luring, registering, giving, or other wise dealing in, any tickets or chances, or parts thereof, or on the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatsoever, or shall, by writing or printing, publish the setting up or ufiag any such office or place, without first taking out a licence for that purpose, in manner here afrer mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall so fct up, keep open, or publish, any such office or place as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, for every licence to be taken out by any person or persons, for every such office or place used for dealing in or concerning lottery tickets, as aforesaid, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, hi heirs and successors, (over and above all other duties, to which the person or persons taking out the same may be respectively liable, as brokers, or otherwise) the sum of fifty pounds, immediately upon taking out such licence; and every such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the managers and diretfors of the lottery for the time being, and the duty: or the same shall be'paid at their office in London, or at such other place, apd to such person or persons, as the said managers and directors shall appoint to deliver out such licences respectively, and to receive the said duties; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such licences to all persons applying for the same, upo# their payment of fifty pounds for each licence as aforesaid.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such licence shall set forth the true name and place of abode of the person or persons taking out the same; and also the place where such business or dealing shall be carried on; and such licence shall continue in force for twelve calendar months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every person acting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, after the expirarion of such licence, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit, for each offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered and distributed in manner hereafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tbst every person who, after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall pubjilh, open, setup, or keep, any such office or place, under any the denominations aforesaid, or any like denominations, contrary to the intent and meaning of this present at, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys to arise by the duty hereby granted for licences a

aforesaid.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1.

aforesaid, shall! be applied towards defraying the exf>enees attending the commission to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the lottery established by an act made in this section of parliament, (entitled, An act for raising a certain sum of moiuy by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery J in such manner as the Commissioners or the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer fur the time being, shall direct, authorise, and approve.

VI. And whereas the dividing of chances or tickets in a lottery into very jjnall Jharesy has bun found mischievous, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, so licensed as aforesaid, shall sell any share or shares of any ticket or tickets in the faitl lottery, or of the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, in any smaller share or proportion than one sixteenth part or share only, or shall publish any proposals for selling any share or shares of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or of any chance of any ticket or tickets in the same, in any smaller share or proportion tlnn one sixteenth part or share, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; every person who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and distributed in manner hereafter mentioned; and every such falc or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared njull and void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall, under the denomination of Isle of any goods, wares, or merchandises, or with or without consideration, or under any pretence, or in any manner whatsoever, protnife or agree to pay any sum or sums of money, upon any chance or event whatsoever relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or shall publish any proposals for any such purposes as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a; and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of fifry pounds; to be recovered and distributed in the manner hereafter mentioned; and every such promise or contra, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

VIII. Provided always, and is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such office or place kept for any of the said purposes, so licensed as aforesaid, shall be open for any of the said purposes, or for the transaction of any business relating to the said lottery, before the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eight of the clock in the evening, (except on the evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of the said lottery)) that the said limitation or restriction in point of time shall be inserted in, and made a condition of, every such licence; and in case of any breach of the said condition, fuclv licence shall be forfeited, and shall and

may

r9

applied towards defraying the expences of the lottery.

No person to sell any Share of a ticket le's than a iijuecncd,

on penalty of 50l.

Penalty on

pe fons pro mihng to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to thu a.

No business to be trania&ed at any lottery office before eight in the morning nor after eight in (lie evening.

Exception.

220

vid them in penalties, canno

decimo nono Georgii III. c. r.

[1779.

may be revoked by any two or pa ore of the said managers iuid directors; and (over and besides all other penalties td which Aich person or persons may be liable) fpch licehc^ (halt not be renewed, nor shall any new licence be granted to, or for the benefit of, the same same person or persons, dltedly or indireift ly, for keeping any such office or place fdr of the ^ufpdfes aforesaid' 'r

Two justices

IX. And whereas many persons have offered ig*it*$ for

mayfummoa mer acts made for establishing lotteries, in such mariner thai offen^rs they could not be prosecuted to cor.vrdibn, by adirtn of debt, alt&c*and plaint, or information, in the regular coifrfe of law, witlf on proof of the in the period of drawing a lottery, and having made $hdr pro offence, confit thereof, have easily avoided the penalties incurred for fticfr offences by suddenly removing themselves; be it therefore evaded by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, for the county, city, town, of place, where any offences shall be committed against this act, or the; said act made in this session of parliament, upon infdt mation or complaint made to them upon oath (which oath they are hereby authorised to administer) against any person or ions offending against this act, or the said act, to summon the party offending, and, upon full and sufficient proof being produced, to convict the person or persons so offending against this or the said act, in the penal sum or sums to be forfeited and paid by such offender or offenders as aforesaid; and the pek* ion or persons so convicted shall, immediately after such ccta viction, pay such penalty to such justices of the peace as aforesaid; moiety whereof shall be for the use and benefit of such person or persons as shall first inform and prosecute for the same, and the other moiety to be applied to the same uses and purposes as the moneys arising by the duty on licences granted by this act are directed to be applied: and, upon the neglect or are notimme refusal of such offender or offenders to pay such penalty or pe southeast maybe na*c* n manner aforesaid, the said justices, before whom such by dif offender or offenders shall be convicted, are hereby authorised and required to grant a warrant of distress to levy such penalty or penalties of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders; and in case no sufficient distress shall be found, then 16 commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol for such county, city, or place, there to remain for any time npl exceeding three months, or until the money so forfeited ft&flh be fully paid and satisfied.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' That if any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or coun terfeit any licence or licences, to be made forth by virtue of this act for the purposes aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit the fom of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him that shall prosecute or foe for the same; to be recovered by

action

If penalties

treft.

On failure of distress, offender to be committed.

Any person forging a licence, shall f orfeit cool. See.

321

1779.] amp deamo boooogsqkgh i&rrffaftt.

aaion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in spy/of bb Majesty's courts of record at tytstminster, in which, no cjlbia, (* teuton, wager 6f law, or more ihanone jjniiwrunoe, fbailbe allowed; and shall be subject to such other penal tie, ajbmaybe infliaed on persons for forgery.: ixi.

And, the more effectually to prevent abides in the fellr Commissioning of lottery tickets in (bares or chances, be it enacted by the*of the authority aforesaid, That any three or more of the conamigion to

ers of the treasury, or the high treasurer, for the time being, office'inlott shall and may, on or before the fifth day Of April, one t houtand don, and to ap. seven hundred and seventy nine, institute and establish, and point a person are and is hereby authorised and required to institute and estab* tb

luh, an office, within the city of London, for the purposes here of n1 ere in after mentioned; and that any three or more of the said conv missioner, or the said high treasurer for the time being, dull '

appoint, and are and is hereby authorised and required to appoint Come one or more fit and proper person or persons to officiate in, and to conduit the business of, the said office, taking

such security for the full and true performance of his or their duty therein, as to any three or more of the said of, or to the said high treasurer for the time being, shall Teem requisite and necessary; and that each and every ticket in the w; th whom all said lottery, before it shall be divided into or (old in shares tickets, be. or chances, shall be brought to the said office, and shall be tj'f)'are there deposited and left with the said officer or officers (o to be fljaree shall appointed as aforesaid, who is or are hereby authorised. receive be dtpofited. the same... j

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid All shares to That the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, be damped by or his or their deputy or deputies, shall, and is and ar hereby.th* officer, authorised and required to (lamp and mark each, and every

share or chance of each and every such ticket in the said lottery, so deposited as aforesaid, with Come flourish or device engraved, thereon j and that the said officer or officers.so.tp; be appointed who (hsh rive as aforesaid, or his or their deputy or deputy, upoij the receipt*receipt for of every such ticket, or any number of tickets, in the (bid. Jot jmoswdsrith tery, for the purpose aforesaid, shall give a receipt or receipts, ta the holder or proprietor, at whole office, such ticket or tickets in or shall be (hared or divided, in writing for the same, in the form following; (that is to say, )

received/a/ forms.

on thousand seven hundred and seventy nitte,/ ceipt.

a ticket in the pnftnt lottery, number which is

divided into fares or choices -, purfuent to au a3 of parliament, made in th nineteenth year of the reign of King George the third, intituled An act for licensing and regulating lottery

office keepers; which said titktt now remain) in in pursuanteof the act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

222

Alt tickets deposited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing.

The numbers of all tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners and the number of shares into which they are divided.

ad. for each ilia e to be paid to the officer on de potitifig tickers in the office i

who (halt therewith pay all expenses incident to the office.

Penalty on selling any share of a ticket without a lamp.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1.

That each and every such ticket in the said lottery as shall be so deposited in the said office, and shall be divided into shares or chances pursuant to this act, shall remain and continue in the custody and possession of the said officer or officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, until the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery; and that on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery, such ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assigns, upon producing the said officer's said receipt for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That a book or books shall be kept by the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and register in such book 6t books, the number of each and every such ticket in the said lottery, which shall be so as aforesaid deposited in the said office for the purpose aforesaid, together with the name and names of all and every such person or persons who shall so leave and deposit the same, for the purpose aforesaid, and also the number of shares or chances into which each and every such ticket in the said lottery shall be so divided as aforesaid; which book or books any person or persons whgm soever shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect, on payment of the sum of twopence, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the leaving and depbfiting of any ticket in the said lottery at or in the said office, with the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, the person or persons who shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, for each and every share or chance, into which each and ev, ery such ticket in the said lottery shall be divided by the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, the sum of twopence of lawful money of Great Britain \ and that with the moneys arising from such see to be paid as aforesaid, the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall bear and pay all such incident charges and expenses as shall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all such rickets in the said lottery, as shall be brought to and deposited in the said office as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, and all (*: her expenses attendant on the said office.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whomsoever shall, at anytime or times hereafter, sell or expose to sale any share or ohance of any ticket in the said lottery, without such share or chance shall have been first damped and marked by the said officer or officers, pursuant to this act; that then, and in such case, all and every such person and persons so offending, upon being convicted thereof before any one justice of the peace for any county,

riding,

22$

1779*) Anpo decimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.

priding, or division, or before the mayor, or other justice or justices, of the peace, for any city or town corporate, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which said oaths the said justices of the peace and mayor are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to administer,) or upon the view of such justice, or justices, or the mayor, justice or justices, for any city or town corporate, or on the confession of the party or parties accused, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds for each and every share or chance so sold or exposed to sale, as aforesaid; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of one or more justice or justices of the peace of such

county, riding, division, city, or town, where the offence shall be committed; which said forfeitures, when recovered, after deducing the reasonable charges of such prosecution, shall go and be applied, one third thereof to the informer, and the remaining two thirds, to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall presume to forge or counterfeit, or to cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting of any receipt or receipts for, or any share or shares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, signed, divided, made, and delivered out, by virtue of this actor alter any number, figure, word, or (lamp, therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts for any share or shares, chance or chances, of any picket or tickets; or shall bring any such forged or counterfeit receipt or receipts, or any share or shares, chance or chances, the stamp whereof, or any figure or word therein, shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be such)) any person or

gersons whomsoever with a fraudulent intention, or shall will ngly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, any person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, all and every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of Law, shall forfeit and incur the same penalty, to be recovered in the same manner, and suffer the same punishment, as is herein before iri flidltd and declared in respect to the forging or counterfeiting of a licence, in this act before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this as, and the special matter, in evidence, in.his, her, or their defence or defences\x and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the jpjaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, pr be nonsuited, or judgement shall e given againa bjm, her, pr them, upon demurrer, or otherwise $ such de; Vol. XXXII......Q, fendant

Application

theieot.

Penalty on

forging or altering receipt, crut teing the same with a fraudulent in teation.

[General issue.]

Treble softs.

224

[Preamble.]

Such part of an a 8 Geo. 1. for encouraging the importation of, naval (lores, cas relates to timber and lumber,

further continued till Sept.9, 1785, 4c.

The abovementioned

goods to be entered in the cudomhouse at the place 0

importation,

4c.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 2. [1779.

fendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An act to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores from the British colonics in America, to the landing of rum or spirits of the British Sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lardy and grease; the regulating the fees of officers of the customs and naval officers in America; to the allowing the expect tation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipptd as /lores' to be consumed on board merenant Ships on their voyages.

WHEREAS the lawi herein afttr mentioned have by expe rience been found useful and beneficialy and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted: and bo it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores^ and Jor other purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the importation of wood and timber, and of the goods commonly called lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British plantations or colonies in America, free from all customs and impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one years from the twenty-fourth day of Junet one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and which by several subsequent acts, made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth and twelfth years of his present majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Teflion of parliament, shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of sep tembery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due entry of such goods shall be first made in the customhouse belonging to the port where the same shall be imported, in the same manner and form, express'

'the quantities and qualities of the respective goods, as was used and practised before the making of the bid rerited aft; and the said goods shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed for that purpose, other wise such goods shall be liable to the payment of the like duties as would be due and payable for the same at the times of the importation thereof, If the said recited act had not been made \ and it shall and may

be

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. q.ii.

be lawful for any officer of the customs to (lop such goods amf' secure the same in his Majesty's warehouse till such duties are, accordingly paid; and if the same shall not be paid within sat months after the said goods are brought to such warehouse, they shall and may be sold, and the produce thereof applied in the same manner as other goods, which are brought to his Majesty's storehouses for security of the duties, may, by the laws now in force, be sold and disposed of, anything in the said recited act, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Paros n!! so much of an act, made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years5&l6gc* of the reign of his fete majesty King George the Second, entitled,

An act to empower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the ruin. be british sugar plantations, to land the same before payment of the duties, fore payment of exci/e charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their  the duties own expense; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the  exc "e duty on. same rock Jalt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver end Dane; as relates to the landing of rum or spirits of the british sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, and to the lodging of the same in warehouses, at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof, which was to continue, in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which, by several subsequent adks of the twenty-third and thirty fir (I years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from ihence to the end of the then next kbion of parliament, shall be, and further cootfe the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, nued ep* until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven 19, 17 hundred and eighty, five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

hat an act, made in the seventh year of theieign of his present relating to the Majesty, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties on im duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease,

which was to be in force for three years, from the twenty-fifth a

day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament;

and which, by several subsequent adks, of the tenth, thirteenth,

and sixteenth years, of the reign of his present Majesty, was

further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred afed seventy nine, shall be, nd the further Ootid

same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, m

until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred, i.*

and eighty twos

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That go much of a to much of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his ad so Geo. j.

qa present

226 anncj decimo nono Georgii III. c. 12.

[15779.

a relates to present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the fees of the regulating the Officers of the customs in America and for extending the same to houseofficcrf1 nays|l officers there, tfchich was to be in force from the first in America, day of Auguff, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the C term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then

next session of parliament; and which was by two as, made in the twelfth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to farther conti the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the nued till Aug. same hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, 1, 17 X c' until the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

So much of

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, capi as re at muc^ of an al, made in the sixteenth year of the reign lares to the of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing tke export exportation of ation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles to his Majestfs wheat. See. to sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and lonies18*1 C to the other fetdements belonging to the united company of merchants of England, trading to ffo east Indies; and of biscuit andpeafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into. execution his Majesty's orders of council already made for alkiving the

exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force urttil the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and which by two acts, made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first day of May one

further conti thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall be, and the nued till May same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, I*until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Clause for en VII For encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of couragirg the the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar rum ^tcl^he p^antat*ons n America, from this kingdom, as (lores tb be sent produce of the and coofumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas; j&ritiqi sugar be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the term plantations, to of two years from and after the passing of this al, the same on^ardvel* drawbacks and allowances which are given by any former al fcls in foreign or as of parliament now in force on the exportation of such parts. rum to parts beyond the seas, as merchandise, shall be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants, on his, her, or their shipping any such rum as (lores to be (pent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the fe#s; and when any merchant or merchants shall be desirous of shipping any such rum as (lores, as aforesaid, and shall give five days notice thereof to the respective commissioners of excise, for the time being, or to such k - other perftmi or persons as they shall frobi time to time, api

V point

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 23. 227

point for that purpose, mentioning in such notice the exact destination of the intended voyage, the tonnage of the ship or vessel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, and also the number of his Majesty's troops that may hereafter be embarked in the same; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or the person or persons so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to ascertain the quantity of such rum which shall be shipped on board such ship or vessel as (lores, and for which such drawback and - allowance shall be paid and made; and also the flze and marks of the cask or calks in which such spirits shall be so shipped; and on oath being made, before one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace for the county or place from whence any such rum is intended to be exported, or before such other person or persons as shall be au thonfed as aforesaid by the said commissioners of excise for that purpo/e, that the same are to be shipped as (lores, to be spent and consumed in the voyage, the merchant or merchants shipping the same shall be paid the same drawbacks, and have the same allowances for rum so shipped, as if such rum had been exported as merchandise; provided always, That neither the said Drawback not drawback or allowance, or any other drawback or allowance, to be allowed shall be made or paid for any quantity of such rum which shall be extorte^in a exported" or shipped for (lores as aforesaid, in any calk which calk contain shall contain less than one hundred galions; nor shall any suchng than drawback or allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any gallon quantity of rum which shall be so exported or shipped for (lores clc" as aforesaid, on board of any vessel or vessels of less burden than one hundred tonnes; but that all such rum shall be exported and shipped, in all respelis not otherwise directed by this present act, under the same rules, regulations, and penalties, as are pre feribed by any former act or acts of parliament now in force, relating to the exportation of spirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, as (lores to be spent and consumed aboard in any voyage to parts beyond the seas.

CAP. XXIII.

An act more e&dually to enable the president and governors of the hospital or infirmary at Bath, esubsistied by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for tfiablishing and well governing an hospital or infirmary in the city of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold, any lands, tenements, or here ditaments, or any interest in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any money or personal property, to be laid out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, pursuant to any will, or otherwise, to the amount limited in the said act.

[Preamble.]

Recital of ad i Geo. % The governors of the hospital were incorporated. Yearly income of the hospital about 560j. d. Devices, See. deemed valid, although not made conformable to Statute of mortmain. Hospital estate not to exceed the sum limited by former act.

[Public act.]

General laving.

0.3 CAP

1

Anno dcrimo nono osoxgsi till C 14, ^5. [1779.

S

CAP. XXIV.

An act for charging the land within the north !ttl, pprt of the great level of the tens called Bedford Level, and divert lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland, with further taxes, for a limited time, for discharging the debts incurred by the commissionert under an act of the twenty seventh year of King George the Second and for the better supperting and preserving the drainage of the said land.

Preamble, Recital of acts 15 Car. a, and 17 Geo. a. By the last mentioned act, the north level and Portland, were divided into five di ft rifts 5 and of appointed, who were empowered to lay taxea not exceeding 1 s. per acre for the first four years, and 6 d. per acre afterwards a and to borrow 14, 000l. That sum boirowed> and applied pursuant to that act, and to another act of 13 Geo. 3. Act 19 Geo. empowered the corporation to borrow 5.000l. more. Recital of aft 11 Geo. 3. The 5, 000l. borrowed and expended, and other debts contrasted. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of 6d. per acre, and Portsand.

3 d. per acre, payable to the corporation. The taxes, and money borrowed thereon, to be applied to the corporation works belonging to the jiorth level. The corporation impowered tg borrow the further sum of so, 000l.; which was borrowed accordingly. The revenues, after keeping down the interest of the debts, are in sufficient to support the works; which without further aid, will soon be in danger of breaking. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of rj. per acre, a nd; Portsand with fd. per acre, for nine years, payable to the coramifsoaert* New taxes to be applied with former taxes; viz. to keep down theinterest. of the debt of 14, 000l. and in the gradual discharge of that debt; and to the support of the works. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of

4 d. and Portsand t>f a d. ptr acre, for the like term of nine years, payable to the corporation t to be applied to the works of the corporation belonging to the said north level. Quantities of the lands how to be uken. Accounts to be delivered in of the names of tenants, and quantities of )ands. How to proceed when owners neglect to deliver in accounts, or ft all deliver suspicious accounts. Taxes to be paid by the occupiers. Tenants at rack tent to dedoft the same opt of their rents: hut not lritees holding beneficial leases. Power of distrds, for recovery of though taxes. If arrears, etc. are not paid or goods replevied, within five days, they may be sold. Unoccupied l*nds to remain a security. Limitation of actions. General iftiic. Double costs. General saving. Public act;

CAP. XXV.

[Preamble.]

An cfl fa granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective. of of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

Wp, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fuljtgs, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the moi easy means, the necessary applies to defray your Majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily rtfohed to give and grant unto your Majesty the several subsidies and duties herein after mentioned, and do moji humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be intituled, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5. 229

parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That From AP" j1 Sp from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven" "

and seventy nine, there shall be raised, levied, col after the rate lested, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs oi $ percent. and successors, an additional impostor duty, after the rate of of f.bcrcr five pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of all the jmtn

several subsidies, imports, and other duties, of what kind or porfc<j int' nature soever they may be, which are now due and payable to exported From, his Majesty, and are collected in this kinyiom under the ma or carried nagement and direction of the respective of of the q^catbritain curtoms in Great Britain, for and upon any goods and mere n chandizes imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in, Great Britain; which said additional import or duty shall be charged and paid upon the amount of the said former subsidies, imports, and other duties, after the usual discounts and other allowances have been made and deducted therefrom, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon exportation of the goods, under the same rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the same manner and form in all respects, as the present duties of curtoms are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, except as herein after is provided.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the ^nzcch^/ authority aforesaid, That the said impostor duty herein before notvable X granted, shall not be charged and paid for or on account of to the afore any prize goods warehoused in this kingdom pursuant to two said duty, several acts of parliament, the one made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign, and the other in this present session, for granting relief to the captors of prizes with respect to bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; nor for any other goods which by any act of parliament now in force are permitted to be warehoused in this kingdom for exportation, unless, and until, such goods shall be taken out of any warehouse wherein they are so Secured, to be consumed or used in this kingdom, and that the said additional import or duty shall not be drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of any goods, in any case where no drawback is allowed by law.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, An additional That, from and after the said fifth day of /for; 7, one thousand ciiwwe goods seven hundred and seventy nine, there shall be charged, levied, (excepta*after collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs excepted), and successors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per a, ler the rite centum, upon the produce and amount of all the several inland ^rmer^ duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as herein duties.

after is excepted) now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland \ which said additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum hereby imposed) shall and may, from time to time, be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and Secured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such

Q power

23

This act not to affect the duties granted by the malt act of this leflion, nor those on beer, soap, tallow candies, and hides, made, C in Lvreat Briuiiq.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5: [1779.

power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and direcsti  ons, as the several and respective inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which that said additional duty and charge is hereby imposed, are or canby any Statute now in force, be respectively charged raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and fvery the several respective powers authorities, directions, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

IV. Provided always, and it b herdby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge, with the said additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount of the duty on malt, mum, cyder, or perry, continued and granted to his Majesty in and by an act made in this present lesion of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one t b oufart dseven buhdrei and seventy f ine; nor upon the produce or amount of the duties arising from and payable for any beer, fope, tallow candles, or hides, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or dressed, within Great Britain; anything herein before contained to the contrary norwithfiandine.

An additional V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, duty on malt That from and after the said fifth day of April, one thousand of in: r kvcn hundred and seventy nine, there shall be charged, raised, payable there lev>e(u collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, on by an act his heirs and successors, an additional rate, duty, and impofi of 33 <pco. tien, of fifteen pounds per centum upon the produce or amount of the duty payable on malt, by an a made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt; and for raffing the sum of eight millions by way of annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of cor making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lofty burnt, or other wise destroyed.

TV sud rnty

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be raifrd. That the additional rate, duty, and imposition, of fifteen aeveeavkm poun's Per tentum hereby granted, shall be ascertained, secured, the Hi regions raised, collected, levied, recovered, and paid, in fuel) and the contained in like form and manner, and under such management, and by the ma t aft the same Ways, means, and methods, and with such and the pt this lemon. jj^e allowances and repayments, and power of making compos fitions, proportionally and according to such rules, regulations, and directions, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and fines,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 25. 231

with such power of recovery and mitigation thereof, and other powers, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed, for or concerning the ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the several and respective duties upon malt within Great Britain, which were continued and granted to his Majesty, in and by the said above recited act, made in this present section of parliament, or as are contained in any other act or acts of parliament in and by the said act, made in this present session, mentioned or referred unto, or any of them; and that all and every article, rule, clause, matter, and thing, in them, any or either of them, contained or thereby referred unto, shall be in full force and effect, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, for charging, ascertaining, compounding, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the said additional rate, duty, and imposition, of fifteen pounds per centum hereby' granted, and for levying, recovering, and mitigating, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and for doing all other matters and things, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were specially repeated and reenacted in the body of this present ach

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, New duties That the said additional imports and duties by this act granted, 10

Xhall, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiv

er general of the customs, and to the cashier of the excise in H

England, respectively, for the timeheing; and such receiver-general

and cashier respectively dial] weekly, to wit, on Wednesday

in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then

on the next day after that is not an holiday, answer and pay all

the moneys arising by the said additional imports and duties,

!the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and answering the ame, only excepted) into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general and cashier respectively shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be kept fe that therp shall be provided and kept, in the office of the au tr^n

ditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in cr tt

which all the moneys arising from the said several imports and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of and to heap, exchequer, as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, P, icd in pay duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this feffioq of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the granted by payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges the lottery and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant of this 0 an act of ttyis present session of parliament, intituled An oftrcflrion*

[Preamble.]

Act 11 Geo. 3. recited,

and further

continue u(^x cept as after excepted) foi seven years.

Part of a clause in the said act repealed

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C6.

[1779; -

for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and far

establishing a lottery.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to continue and amend an act, made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the encourage mem of the white herring fishery.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present majesty, (entitled, An act for the'encouragement of the white herring fishery), it was enacted, for the better regulation of the said trade, and for preventing frauds and impoftions in the management thereof That from and after that twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, a bounty of thirty Billings per tonne Should be paid annually, in manner as in the said act is provided for, to toe owner or owrters of all deekt vessels from twenty to eighty tonnes burden, that Should be fitted out and employed in the said fishery, in manner, and under the regulations mentioned in the said act and that for the spaco and term of seven years from and after the said twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and jevenly one, and to too end of the then next ensuing session of parliament: and whereas tbi said fishery is of greatest importance to the nation, by promoting useful industry, providing for great numbers of poor people, and frying as a mtrfery for stamen; the same cannot be carried on without the aid ofa bounty, and as a prolongation of the above recited a ft (which expires at the end of this present session of parliament) wiu be of great advantage to the public; May it therefore please your majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that - the said act, and all the powers, provisions, clauses, and pe # parities, therein contained, (except as herein afrer is excepted) r shall, from and after the term therein mentioned, be, and the same are hereby granted and continued for and during the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and shall, during such additional term, be in full forte, and be put in execution, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were again repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

II. And whereas great inconveniences have arisen to the said fishery, and to the persons employed therein, by reason of part of a clause in the said act which cnafts, that every buss or vijjetfboll proceed respectively, manned, furnished, and accoutredv (as therein mentioned), either to Yarmouth in the county Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, and Leith in the county of Edinburgh, Invernefe in the county of Inverness, or to Brafley Sound in Shetland, Cambeltown or Oban in Argyleshire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be it the rendezvous of the said fishery there on or before the twenty second day of June, and hall not/boot

or

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 27.

or wet their nets before the twenty fourth Jay of the said month of / June and shall continue fishing to the twelfth day of October; or shall proceed to Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, Leith in the county of Edinburgh,

Inverness in the county Inverness, or to Braflcy Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argyleshire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be it the rendezvous of the said fisheries on or before first day of October, and shall continue fishing until the eleventh day of January followings unless they shall have sooner completed their loading of fijo; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this present act, jhat part of the said dause above recited shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whmt every such buss or veifes, shall from and after the passing of places, and at this present act, proceed respectively, manned, furnished, and what time, accoutred, in manner dirded by the beforerecited ad, either to Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland Leith y in the county of Edinburgh Inverness in the county of Inverness, or to brajfey Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argyleshire % Kirkwall in Orkney, Stranrawer in the county of Wigton or to Stornoway in the island of Lewie and county of roj's9 and shall be at the rendezvous of the said fhhery theat any time between the first day of August and the first day of October9 in each year, and shall continue (idling for the space of three months from the day of their respective departures from the said places of rendezvous, unless they shall have sooner completed their loading of fish; anything in the before recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for further continuing and extending the provisions of two acts; made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of bie present Majesty, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax y and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British chequed and striped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and other liner of above at certain breadth.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of of in

the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, {inti z % 9 U a tuledi An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and raking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax); it is enacted, Thatvthere shall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or dedudion whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British and Irish linens, made of hemp or flax, and of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, under the value of five pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny \ and of the value

234 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 27. [1779.

Jue of five pence per yard, and under the value of sixpence per yard, the sum of one penny; and of the value of sixpence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen pence per yard, the sum of one penny halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and within the term of fifteen years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies: and it was thereby further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty foyrth day of June, no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition whatsoever, (hold be demanded, collected, received, or t^ken, upon any raw or brown linen yarn, made Of flax, and known by the names of Dutch yarn, and French yarn, and of spruce or Muscovia yarn, or any other foreign raw or brown linen yarns, made of flax, which shall be imported into this kingdom; but that all such linen yarns shall and may be imported duty free for the space of fifteen years, froth the said twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament, any former law, statyte, or a or als of parlia and jo Geo. 3. m 10 the contrary not wi*h (landing: and whereas by another cap. 38. eft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for continuing the bounties on British and Irish linens exported; for further discontimiing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of British chequed and ilriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, iheeting, and other linen, of above a certain breadth); the said first recited act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, was thereby continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and it was thereby further enacted, That there shall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction, whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British chequed or striped linen, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and not exceeding one shilling and sixpence, and not under seven pence, in value per yard, the sum of one halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and within the term of seven years, to commence from the said twenty-fourth day of June last mentioned, and from thence to continue to the end of the (hen next session of parliament immediately following the expiration of the said additional term of seven years, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the same manner and under the like provisions, conditions, and limitations, as the hereinbefore recited bounties were allowed by the said al of the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and continued under the said

1779.] Anno o decimo nono Georgii III. c. iy., 2JS

syst of the tenth year of his present Majesty: by the said last recited act, it was further enacted, That for and upon every square yard of diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and others species of linen, upwards of one yard English in breadth, though of no finer or better fabric or quality than linen of an ordinary breadth, (which are entitled to the bounty by the said first recited act), being of the manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one shilling and sixpence the square yard in value, a bounty of one penny halfpenny upon every such square yard, and foin proportion for any quantity exceeding a square yard, shall be allowed upon the exportation thereof, respectively, for such time, and in such manner, and under and subject to the like conditions, restrictions, and limitations, as are prescribed by the said first recited act of the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty's reign, and continued by the said act of the tenth year of his present Majesty j and whereas the manufacture of linen would continue to be improved, and the exportation thereof to foreign parts be preserved and increased, if the bounties granted by the said recited acts of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, were continued, and the duties on the importation of foreign raw Jinen yarn, made of flax, taken off for a further term of years: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said two acts, made in ^thetwo twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the^ted tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the thercontinued same are hereby further continued, under all the clauses, con for 8 years, ditions, and limitations, contained in the said two recited acts, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And whereat, by a clause in the said all of the twenty-ninth ftme year ofhhlatt Majesty and alfi hj tie tent year of the one

reign of his present majesty, it is provided and enabled, Tlmt no exportation of linen of the manufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Irish linens the Britain, shall be entitled to the bounty, unless such linenshall be, at property of the time of such exportation, the property of a person or persons residing in Great Britain, or in some of his Majestys colonies or plan oitthofe the rations in America: and whereas it is reasonable that the like benefit property of and advantage Should be allowed to the merchants of Ireland, as is persons refid by the said ah allowed to persons reftding in the American colonies, BS in amen and plantations; be it therefore further enacted, That duringca* the continuance of this act, all linen of the manufacture of ire land, to be exported from Great Britain, being at the time of exportation the property of a person or persons residing in Ireland, shall be entitled to the said bounty upon the like terms 'with linen the property of persons residing in the American

V colonies

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 28. [1779.

colonies and plantations: anything in the said acts, or eit^pr of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to permit during the present bojiilities with France, certain goods enumerated in the act of navigation to be imported in British built Ships sold to foreigners and for releasing Ships and goods which have been ffixed in pursuance of the said act.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled Recital of the An act for encouraging and increasing of shipping and naviga navigation tien), it is among other things enacted that no goods or comma it ar. % growti)^ production or manufacture of Mufoovy, or of any the countries dominions or territories, so the great duke or emperor of Muscovy or Russia belonging \ as also that no sorts of majls* timber or board no foreign salt pitch tar rofm* hemp or flax, raiftns* figs prunes olive oils no sort of corn or grain fu got pot ales wines vinegar or spirits called aqua vitae, or brandy wine shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any ship ar Ships vessel or vessels, whatsoever but in such as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, or some of them as the true owners and proprietors thereof and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at leaflf are English; and that no currants nor commodities of the growth product or manufacture of any of the countries islands dominions or territories to the Ottoman or Turkish empire belonging shall be imported into any of the forementioned places in any ship or vessel but which is of english fo/7/ and navigated as aforesaid and in no other except only such foreign Ships and vessels as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth production or manufacture respectively ar of such port where the said goods can only be or most usually are first shipped for transportation and whereof the master* and three fourths of the mariners at least are of the said country ar, place under the penalty and forfeiture of ship and goods: and whereas the selling of british built Ships to foreigners is a beneficial branch of trade and ought therefore to be encouraged and it is highly reasonable that British Ships so sold to or being the property of foreigners Should enjoy the same privilege in theft kingdoms as if they were of the built of the respective countries or places from whence such Ships The said act &*cme\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent not utextend by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri

during the tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament present hofti assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and franct^to ater one thousand seven hundred and

prevent the seventy nine, and during the present hostilities with France but importation no longer, the said recited act of the twelfth year of the reign of certain enu of King Charles the Second shall not extend, or be construed h to exlend' to hinder or prevent any person or persons what property oi soever from importing into the kingdom of Great Britain or

r^7 o Ireland

[Preamble.]

X

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 19. iyj

Ireland, any of the said goods or merchandizes hereinbefore foreign, mentioned and expressed, in shipping built in Great Britain, pgritifoo? Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, or in any info built, of the lands, islands, dominions, and tetritories, to his Majesty

Africa, Acts, or America, or in his possession, (o as the matter, and three fourths of the mariners at leatt, belonging to, and navigating any such ships or vessel, are British, or of the same country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production, and manufacture, respectively, and not otherwise.

II. Provided always, That all such goods and merchandizes Goods hn

so imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in ships belonging p?rte{?*n such to, and the property of, foreigners, although british bit, ^iew dudou shall be liable to aliens and all other duties, in the same manner as if such ships were foreign built.

III. And whereat several jhipt or vesselt british built, which are Owners of all the property of foreigners, and navigated with foreign mariners, have ^iclfhave aj errived in this kingdom finee the present hostilities with France, laden ^ady arrived with form of the goods and merchandizes mentioned and expressed in since the pre the before recited act of the twefth year of the reign of King Charles sent hostilities the Second, and the owners of such goods are prevented from inter 2*

ing the same, and some have been seized, with the vejpls importing lhc pjnest of such goods, on account of their being liable to the penalties and for this act. feitwres infilled by the said act: and whereas it is recsonable that the owners of such ships or vessels and goods Should receive the benefit intended by this act \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the owners of such goods so imported, to enter and pay the aliens and other duties due and payable for the said goods, without incurring any penalties or forfeitures whatsoever, for or by reason of the said recited act; and that the said goods so entered, or to be entered, and the said ships or vessels in which they were imported, shall be released and discharged from any seizure or forfeiture on account of such importation, anything in the said recited act, or any act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Cowes, in the isle of White, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like restrictions as corn, grain, and flour, are allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled.

An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

[Preamble.]

WHERE asiy an act, rttade in the thirteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of com; it is enabled, That in Recital of the ease any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg,

or oats, shall be imported into any or either of the ports in the said 13 aft particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act shall be due and payable for such species of com, grain, flour respectively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith

Wheat, wheat flour, C may be imported at Cowes duty, free, subject to the regula tiens contained in the a above recited mst.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 30  32. [1773.

with landed from on board the ship or veffoly in which such [pedes of corny grainy or floury shall be so imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the tuflomsy without payment of the aid duties, under certain reflnftions and regulationi in the said a mentioned and prescribed: and whereas it is expedient that comy grainy and floury imported into the port of Cowes, at any time when the duties not repealed by the j'said act shall be due and payable for such (pedes of corny gra'iuy or floury respectively, Jbouldy in like manner, be landed without payment of the said duties: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, shall be imported^nito the said port of Cowes, at any time when the duties not repealed iw the said ak shall be due and payable for i such species of corn and grain, or flour, respectively, the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the ship or vessel in which such species of corn, grain, or flour, shall be so imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, with.

payment of the said duties; and such corn, grain, and flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same manner, and under and subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the several ports mentioned in the said act are subject and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said port of Cowes had been included in the said a St; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several panflies within the hundred of Cosford (except the parish of Hadieigh), and also of the parish of Polltead, within the hundred of Babergh, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. xxxr.

An act for building a new assize or townhall and market house within the city or borough of Wells, in the county of Somerset; and (or regulating the markets within the said city or borough.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for continuing and amending two acts, made in the twenty^sixth year of his late Majesty, and the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Piper's Inn to Glastonbury, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset; and for repairing the road from Piptr's Inn aforesaid to athelney bridge \ anti also for paving, cleansing, and lighting the city or borough of Weilti in the said county, and for removing and preventing incroachments, ftuifances, and annoyances therein.

- '*" A p:

*39

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.'

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for draining, improving and preserving, the lowlands in the parishes of a!tear, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the county palatine of lancaaer.

[Preamble.]

Boundaries of the lowlands 3 in Mclling, in Magbul), in Altear, in Down Holland, in Formby, in Altear, in Formby, in ajtcac, in Ince Blundell, in Little Crosby, in luce Blundell, in Lunt, in Sefton, in Netherton, in Aintree3 of names. Commissioners inpower ed to change the course of the river Alt below Bull Bridge; and to make a new channel 3 and to open several rivulets; and to make bridges, drains, ahj other works; and to use earth and ground near the banks. Commissioners authorised to alter the course of nvulers and brooks but not to lessen the ttreams which supply Sefton mills, C Clause for limiting the time when the new channel shall be made, Sec. River Alt to be kept open a, id cleaned till the new channel is completed, and adjudged sufficient to drain the lands. Jury to be summoned. Commissioners may summon witnesses, and examine, them On oath. If jury find the new channel sufficient to drain, the old channel not to be opened in future. Incapacitated persons empowered to agree for damages done to lands. If taey cannot agree, then to be bound by adjudication and assessment of damages or, at the election of the party sustaining damage, by the Quarter sessionsj or by a Jury. Commissioners to issue warrants to the (neriff, or a coroner, for summoning the jury; to appear before the of Sheriff to return issues to 40 s. of every juryman not appearing. Jury sworn to contift of twelve men. Commissioners empowered to summon witnesses, and to examine them on oath; and may older jurors to view the premises. Jury to assess damage: their verdict to be conclusive 3 if 10 days notice be given of delivering the warrant. The damages to be paid according to the priority of agreement with the parties. The of empowered to make tt^e new channel through Mr. formby*i Isnds, and to settle damages. If parties cannot agree a jury to bs summoned, whose verdict shall be final. Expends of the jury by whom to be born. Persons requeuing a jury, to enter into a bond to profecurc theif complaint, See. Complaint of damages to be given in writing within six calendar months after done, or party not entitled to damage. First meeting of of How to proceed on failure of a fuffreient number to adjourn. Commissioners to appoint officers, and allow them fabrics. Officers to give security for performance of their duty. Allowance to of The lands to be annually taxed by the of according to the improvement they will receive from the drainage, dummtflioness to give public notice of meetings for making rates. The owners and occupiers to give an account to the commissiontrs of their different estates and interests. A copy of the estimates and afteflraents to be left in the vestry of Sefton, for the in/peftion of the parties, wfio may appeal to of, and to the quarter sessions, or a jury: and if to a jury, the of to issue warrants to the sheriff or Coroner, for summoning a jury of 14 men. Sheriff to return issues of 40 s. of every juryman not appearing. Jury sworn to coniift of is men. Commissioners empowered to call witnesses before them, and examine them on oath 3 and may order jurors to view the premises. Verdict of the jury to be final, if ten days notice be given of delivering the wairant. Colls of jury to be paid by the party complaining, if the complaint be adjudged fnvolohs or vexatious \ but if otherwise, by the Commissioners. Bond ro be given to pay colls of jury if the complaint shall be adjudged frivo'ous or vexatious. of may summon witnesses, and examine them on oath. Penalty for not appering. When rates are neglected to be paid, they may be levied by distress. Tenants to deduct taxes out of then rents. For the better recovering payment of the taxes. How taxes may be levied on unten anted premises. How to recover payment of the money from the cblledlort. Commissioners empowered to borrow money, and to assign the rates as a VOL. XXXII R lean it.

i

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 34. [1779.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

security. Further security to the lenders. Alignments of the rates may be transferred. The occupiers only to be taxed for repairs after the money borrowed shall be paid end Che works completed. punishment for destroying the works. Penalty for opening flood 'gates See. Offenders, for second offence, to be punched as felons. Penalty of making watering places) or driving carriages or cattle on the banks. Exception relating to driving cattle. To prevent feeding cattle on the banks or drove ways. The banks not to be mowed, ploughed, or dug, but by directioa of commissionen.^commissiovitrs im powered to plant star in the lowlands. Penalty on occupiers of lowlands who shah neglect to open watercourses, and repair doughs and tunnels. The tenure of lands not to be altered by any forfeiture incurred by this act. Works done by virtue of this act not to be subject to of of fcwers. In case the new channel be made through Mr. formby's lands, the of shall cause a carriage bridge to be made in his lands, and such other bridges as they shall think proper. Election of new of Persons interested in the lands incapable of being of No business valid unless done at meetings. Commissioners becoming interested incapable of acting. Commissioners to be sworn. The oath. Commissioners not to be personally, or their estates, subject to any colts or charges by means of their acting in the execution of this act. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Persons may recover, in case of irregularity in distress, for special damage 5 but not after amends tendered. Books of account to be kept, Accounts to be passed yearly, or oftener. Rules and orders to be entered in books, andsigned; and may be given in evidence. No order to be reversed, unless by consent of five of Saving the rights of lords of manors. Fishing and fowling reserved to owners, justices may administer oaths. False evidence to be punished as perjuij. Persons aggrieved by order of justicet, may appeal to the quarter sessions 5 whose order shall be final. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Limitation of actions.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for draining and prtferving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the South Level part of the Great Level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county of Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwise Grant, Wtjl, and the hard lands of botti/bam, Swaffham Bulbeck, and S was bam Prior, East and for imfowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the Great Level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to feu certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invefied lands.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

Recital of an act 7 Geo. 3. The boundary inconvenient, and tolls insufficient, See. Description of the new boundary. What lands (baj! be taxed. Tolls on the east bank of the river Grant. Penalty on evading the tolls. New tolls at the several Unices. On neglect of pay ruent of tolls, collectois may ftize vessels and goods, and (ell the same. Exemptions from tolls. In order to ascertain the quality and quantity of goods, watermen shall give accounts thereof. Penalty on refusel, or giving a false account, which may be levied by difirefr. On failure of dittreis, offender to be committed. Half tolls only to be paid till certain sums shall be laid out. Toll at Burwell New Load. Trustees impowred to reduce the tolls. Lands dug into turf pools, unable to pay the whole tax, to pay one half for (even years. Owners may appeal. Power to appeal from former assessments. Justices not to act where interested. Satisfaction for injury done to the rush ground. Power to relieve the proprietors of adventure lands. Persons refuting to pay tastes, one month after notice, to forfeit twopence for every shilling in arrear. Taxes and for ieitures may be levied by diitrefiu Tenant. to pay tilt taxes, and dcdnft

CAP. XXXIV.

the

779, 1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 35. 24

the same out of their rents.' Grounds to remain a security for taxes, and may be (old. When taxes oiau be in arrear for commons, the said commens may be let, or sold to the bed bidder.' Public notice to be given of Tales. How money paid for adventure lands shall be applied. Deeds shall be registered. Lands, when sold, to be liable to taxes by this and the former act; and by act 15 Car. II Commissioners may borrow money, and assign Use rates 3s a security. Moneys aflefttd by this act, charged with payment of principal and interest. Alignments may be transferred.

Transfers to be entered in a book. When cattle are driven awsy, and goods removed, to prevent recovery of taxes, they may be distrained elsewhere. Persons digging turf pits improperly, to forfeit tos for every thousand of turfs. The new banks of great use to travellers. Power to erect turnpikes thereon. The tolls. Power to erect fences to prevent evading tolls. Penalty on destroying fences. Exemptions from tolls. Penalty on claiming exemptions unjustly. The clerk may adjourn meetings.

Four public meetings to be held in each year. In case of nonattendance, new of may be appointed. There being only three com nsi/tioners for Bottisham, another shall be appointed. For improving the commonable parts of the lands. Fen reeves may direct the management thereof. The of may determine differences. Cattle feeding contrary to agreements may be impounded, C Cattle shall not Itop to departure on the grounds, C under the Penalty of 40s. Sedge, See. not to be cut in certain places without leave. Fen reeves to cause drove ways to be mended, and ditches to be feoured. Charge on a commonable right not tp exceed 3 s. Commissioners may appoint fen reeves, if parishes neglect it.

commifgoners may take earth from boutes or wales, making satisfaction to the owners. Punishment for destroying works. The last clause not to invalidate the former act. Proceedings net to be qua&ed for want of form nor removed into any court of record. Saving the rights ofconfer vators. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Act 7 Geo.

[Public act.]

III. to remain in force, except where altered.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to repeal fi mud of several oils of parliament, os prohibit the growth and produce of tobacco in Ireland j and to permit the importation of tobacco of the growth and produce of that kingdom into Great Britain, under the like duties and regulations as Tobacco of the growth of British Colonies in America is permitted

te be imported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is of the greatejf importance to the strength

and security af these kingdoms, that every attention and encouragement Should be given to such of the produce and manufacture of the kingdom of Ireland as do not materially interfere with the commercial interests of Great Britain: and whereas by an afff made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

(entitled. An act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or lowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland) and by diverse other acts fmee faffect, the culture of tobacco within the kingdom of Ireland, and the exportation of the same from thence, is prohibited; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and So much of by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenti two act of eth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, nr^so much Of two several acts of parliament, the one made in the anyotherafts R 2 twelfth made in this

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5. [1779.

Kingdom twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the second, (entitled, which prohi An act for prohibiting the plantings sittings or owing, of tobacco in bits the plant England or Ireland;,) and the other made in the fifteenth year of tofaccoin tie rc*6n King Charles the second, (entitled. An act for the Ireland re encouragement of tradei) or of any other ad mad in this king pealed. dom, which prohibits or retrains the setting, planting, or improving to grow, making, or curing tobacco, either in seed, plant, or otherwise, in the kingdom of Ireland, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore jrifli tobacco That no tobacco the growth, product, or manufedure of

to be exported Ireland, shall be exported from thence to any port or place what to Great Bri soever out of the/aid kingdom of Ireland, except to great bri tain only; un tain, under the like securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are rui, e&ccpre prefer*hed in an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of scribed in the King Charles the second, (entitled. An act for the encouraging and navigation increasing of shipping and navigation,) with tefped to tobacco, and.

act t Gar. II other enumerated goods of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any of the English plantations therein mentioned.

The duty of

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore offictrs of the said, That when any tobacco the growth, product, or manufac customs in ture cf Ireland, shall be laden on board any ship or vessel, at any

ftfpp?ngof the Port or pace whatsoever within the said kingdom of Ireland tobacco for in order to be conveyed from thence into Great Britain, the exportation, collector and comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, at such port or place where such tobacco shall be laden, shall, at and upon the clearing of every such ship or vessel, by the proper officers of the customs appointed for that purpose, deliver to the matter, commander, or other person taking charge of any such ship or vessel, a manifest or content in writing, under his and their hands and seal of office, which shall contain a true account of all the tobacco laden on board every such ship or vessel, with the number of hogsheads, casks, chests, or other package thereof, and the quantity of the tobacco contained in 'each particular hogthead, calk, chest, or other package, together with the marks and numbers seton each and every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package, with the care thereof; and also shall, at and upon the clearing of every such ship or vessel, as aforesaid, immediately transmit a duplicate of such manifest or content ta the respective of of the customs in Great Britain: Penalty on any collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuf

neglect there toms, at any port or place in Ireland, who shall neglect or reef. fuse to deliver to the matter, commander, or person taking

charge of such ship or vessel, such manifest or content as is hereinbefore directed, or who shall not transmit a duplicate thereof, as hereby required, to the respective of of the customs in Great Britain, shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue or prosecute for the same, in any of his Majesty's courts erf'record at Westminster or Dublin.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6, 37. 243

WAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every com that every matter, commander, or person taking charge of any manderofa ship or vessel having such tobacco laden on board as aforesaid, port shall, upon his arrival at his port of discharge in Great Britain, {j^ccosa^oii and at the time he makes his report of his ship or vessel at the bit arrival at customhouse, deliver to the collector of the customs at the said a british port, port (who is hereby required and directed to deliver the same to deljyer t0uhc the land waiters appointed for the delivery of such ship or vessel)) manifest or content of the lading of his ship or vessel, content of his which he received from the collector, comptroller, or other lading which chief officer of the custpms, at the port or place in Ireland where received at he took in his lacting: and if any matter, commander, or person taking charge of such ship Or vessel, shall neglect or refuse to de iand.s liver such manifest or content to the collector of the customs, at penalty on the time he makes his report of his ship or vessel at the custom neglect there house at the port of his discharge, he shall forfeit and lose the of

Turn of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Ma

a, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, at Westminster, pr in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, where the offence shall be committed.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Info tobacco said. That such tobacco shall be imported into Great Britain in p1*1* not calks, chests, or cases, each of which shall contain four hundred g^tbritaift and fifty pounds weight of net tobacco at the least, and not in calks, C otherwise; shall be liable to the same duties, and entitled to containinglefii the same discounts, allowances, and drawbacks, and in all re lh^ni5n?l spedts subject to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, securi huble to the ties, penalties, and forfeitures, as tobacco the growth, 'product, same duties, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, drawback, cis liable, subject, and entitled to by law, in as full and ample ai tob*cco the manner, as if the said duties, discounts, allowances, and draw backs, rules, regulations, restrictions, securities, penalties, and nie in am'f> forfeitures, "and the several clauses relative thereto, had beer) rica. particularly repeated and enacted in this present act,

9 A P. XXXVI

An act for erecting a market house, and regulating the markets, withr in the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfst; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the (beets, lanes, od othey public passages and place, within the said borough.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for granting a bounty upon the importation into this kingdom of hempy of the growth of the kingdom of Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the encouragement of the cultivation of hemp in p^tmb]e.

the kingdom of Ireland, and the importation thereof from thence, will be a means of furnishing this kingdom yjith sail cloth and

*3

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 37. 1779.

cordage (To essentially nectssary for the supply of his Majesty's royal navy as well as for ships employed in the merchants service) at more reasonable rates than at presenty and will also tend to make the supply of the said materials cheaper and less precarious, and be a means of introducing trade, manufacturey and industry, by employing'many of his Majesty's subjects within the said kingdom of Ireland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After June same. That, from and after the twenty.fourth day of June, one a, i77Q, the thousand seven hundred and seventyrnine, every perfoa or per rniums^o b.c. ons w^ul the time appointed by this a, import,

paid on the or cause to be imported, into this kingdom, directly from the importation of said kingdom of Ireland, in any ship or ships that may law irish hepapj fully trade thither, manned as by law is required, any hemp wa tec rottjd, bright and clean, of the growth of Inland, shall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for such importation, the following sum: (that is to lay)

videlicet t For the first fevei) years, S!. per tonne j

for the next seven ycarp, 61 per tonne.

and for the following seven years, 4l. per tonne

For every tonne of such hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventyr nine, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the sum of eight pounds sterling:

For every tonne of such hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, the sum of six pounds sterling:

And for every tonne of such hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred, the sum of four pounds sterling:

To, be paid upon demand to the importer of such hemp, by the collector of the port where the same shall be imported, out of the customs; and in case the collector of the port where the same shall be imported shall not have money sufficient in his hands, he is hereby required to certify the same to the commissioners of the customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's customs; bounty of the hemp imported into England to be paid by the receiver rgeneral of the customs in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the receiver-general there.

Commissio II Andy to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to his jier* of the Majesty's royal navy, anafor the better supply of the same with na the refusa?of wlfioresy be it further enacted, That, upon the importation of all such hemp. any such hemp from Ireland for which a reward or premium is hereby granted, the preemption or refusal of such hemp shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy upon landing the same; and if within the term of twenty days after such tender, the said of shall not contra

or

245

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. or bargain for the same, it shah and may be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners, of the said hemp, otherwise to dispose of the same for his or their belt profit and advantage.

III. And, in order to intitk the importer of such hemp to the pre Importers of mium granted by this act, and to prevent frauds by importing foreign hemp to pr hemp, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That chief officer all and every person or persons importing any such hemp into of thecultoms Great Britain, shall produce to the chief officer or officers of the at the port of customs, at the port of importation, a certificate or certificates, importation, a under the hands and seal of office of the colle&orand comptrol from col ler, or other chief officer of the customs, at the port in Ireland icaor, cat where such hemp shall be put on board; certifying, that before the port of the departure of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, the person or lading in ire persons, merchant, trader, or fadfor, loading the same, had made land

oath before them, that the said hemp, so shipped on board, was truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of some place in Ireland; expressing in the said certificate the number, marks, and packages, of such hemp, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from Ireland, and the name of the place or places in Ireland where the said hemp grew and was produced, together with the name or names, place or places of abode, of such person or persons as shall have fwornthe hemp therein mentioned to be bona fide of the growth and produce of such place in Ireland, and where and to whom in Great Britain the same is consigned; the master, or person having the charge or command of such Ship or vessel, Ships or vessels, importing such hemp, shall, on his arrival in this kingdom, also make oath before the collector and comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port of importation, that the several packages, so marked and numbered, and the hemp contained therein, are the same packages and goods that were taken on board his said ship or vessel at the said port in Ireland, by virtue of the said certificate or certificates so to be produced as aforesaid; which said oaths the said officers herein be fore named are respectively hereby authorised and required to administer,

IV. And, that the officers of the customs may be the better able to Officers toexa

discover any frauds intended for receiving the aforesaid premium, be mine the hemp it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and bear they may be lawful for the said officers, and they are hereby reqviir ccr

ed, before they make out any such certificate, to examine the said hemp, by opening each package, and shifting the same, in such manner as to see the whole contents, or by such other means as they shall think proper, to find out artd discover whether the said hemp is water rotted, bright and clean, and free from any false mixture.

V Provided always, That in case any doubt or dispute shall Disputesbe

arise between the surveyors or officers of the customs and the twee farvey owners or importers of such hemp as' is imported into the port of of

London, as to the quality of the same, it shall and may be lawful hemp, how to

R 4 for be settled.

Officer demanding any rewaid for examining,

C such hemp, shall forfeit his of

246 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. p.37.. f779*

for thje of of his Majesty's customs to call two or tporc merchants, manufactureers, or others, well (killed in the commodity, who shall declare upon oath, if required, their opinion as to the quality of the same, and, according to the bettof their judgement determine whether the said hempjs entitled to the premium hereby granted, or not; and if any doubt or dispute shall arise as to the quality of any hemp imported into any of the out ports in England, faniples thereof shall be taken, and sent up to the commissioners of the customs in London, and into the out ports in Scotland, to the commissioners of the customs at Edinburgh, in such manner as the respective of shall direct, in order to be inspect^d and adjudged there as before mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any officer of his Majesty's customs, for examining, viewing, or delivering, such hemp, with respect to the premium or reward allowed by this actor for the signing any of the certificates in order to the receiving such premium or reward, or

ce, and 100l. for paying the same. any such Officer demanding or taking such fee or reward shall, for such offence, forfeit his office; and such officer shall also be incapable of fervipg his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Ex rters of YU And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jhtfhhempfor tat any such hemp, of the growth or produce of Ireland, which apre shall, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven mi "ml*a*been hundred and seventy nine? be exported from Great Britain, that paid shall re jhen, ancj in every such case, the person or persons so exporting the same shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs at the port where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is by this act allowed as a premium on all such hemp as he intends to expprt, over and above any duty the same is or may by law be subject tp pay at exportation by any act: provided always, That the said collector or chief officer of the customs, upon receiving such premium from the exporter of such hemp, as aforesaid, shall charge himself with the money so received, or with the said premium, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs are to take particular care that the same be duly brought to the account of his Majesty by such collector chief officer a aforesaid.

on penalty of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jforteiting such That if any person or persons, their agents pr assigns, shall be pemp, and found fraudulently to export such hemp without paying fuel) premium to the collector or chief officer of the customs in manner aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit and lose all such hemp, and double the value thereof; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or prosecutor, to be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in

hp

pay the Came (besides other duties) at the port of exportation;

double the Value thereof.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8, 39. 247

the court of exchequer in &#//<ffw, respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall arise rn case of

whether the hemp, or any part thereof, so to be exported, is of difpufe whe the growth, product, or manufacture of Inland, or of foreign there the hemp growth, product, or manufacture, the onus probandi shall lie on duceofire the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or pro und, the onus fecutor; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with probandi to lie Handing. on the owner.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penaly on im if the mater or owner of any ship or vessel shall clandestinely porting so import or receive in such ship or vessel, to be imported into "|5nhhemp u Great Britain, any hemp, knowing the same to be foreign hemp, demand and shall demand or receive for any such foreign hemp the re ingapre ward or premium hereby granted, such master or owner (hah mium for the forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and reco same' vered in manner as aforesaid; and the ship or vessel in which such foreign hemp shall be so fraudulently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited to the ring's majesty, his heirs and successors.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for altering the times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the terms of Martinmas and Candlemas, as they are at present kept, for the sitting of the court of exchequer in Scotland, have been found inconvenient: and whereas it would be more convenient for the July efts Scotland that the/aid terms were altered \ be it therefore enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Martinmas Martinmas term, for the said court of exchequer, shall, at all times here term, in the after, begin on the twenty-fourth day of November, and end up chequer " on the twentieth day of December \ and that Candlemas term, for Scotland, to the said court, shall, at all times hereafter, begin on the fifteenth begin Nov.4* day of January, and end on the third day of February, except and end Dec. jmy of the said days, upon which the said terms are appointed to 2^termvo begin or end, shall happen to be a Sunday, in which case the be begin Jan. 15. ginning or ending of such term in which that happens shall be andendfeb.}. liporj the day following.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the town and borough of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford and for removing and preventing ob$ruqions and annoyances therein.

B

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. coi 779.

CAP. XL

An act for better securing tie duties in fiartb.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the many laws modi fm curing tbi revenues sin starch, and for protecting the fair

After July 5, 1779*no person, within the limits of the excise office in London shall make entry of any workhouse for snaking starch, unless be shall occupy a tenement of 10l. a year, and pay parish rates;

andnoperson, in any other part of the

(had make such entry, lintels he shall pay to church and poor.

Recital of an act 10. Ann.

rar fe

_ trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and indigent persons, who are encouraged in fetch practises, not only from the great length of time allowed by these laws for the payment of the duties on starch, but also for want offeme further regulations in the manner of carrying on thefiarch making business; for remedy whereof, be it ers acted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no person or persons whatsoever, redding within the limits of the head office of excise in London, shall be permitted to make entry of any workhouse or place for the making of starch, as required by the statntes in that case already made and provided, unless such person or persons shall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be assessed in their own name, and shaft also pay to the parish rates; and that no person or persons whatsoever, refi ding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted to make any such entry, unless such person or persons shall be assessed and pay to church and poor, in the several parishes and places in which they (hah respectively reside; and that no entry of any workhouse or place for making of starch, already made or hereafter to be made as required by the Statutes in that case made and provided, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons so making entry (hah be qualified as aforesaid 5 and every person making starch, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken to be persons making starch without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making starch without entry are, by the Statutes in such case made and provided, now subjedhunto.

II. And whereas, by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty )ueen Anne, (entitled, An act for laying additional duties on hiifes and skins, vellum and parchment, and new duties on starch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and silver wire, and policies of insurance, 'to secure a yearly fund for satisfaction of orders to the contributors of a further sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds towards her majesty's supply; and for the better securing the duties on candles; and for obviating doubts concerning certain payments in Scotland; and for suppressing unlawful lotteries, and other devices of the same kind; and concerning cake soap; and for relief of Mary Ravendll, in relation to an annuity of eighteen pounds per Annum, and concerning

prize

*49

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0.

prize coconuts brought from America, and certain tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the dock of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the moneys granted ki this session of parliament;,) it was, amongst other things enabled, That oil and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should mate any ft arch in London, Westminster, or in any parts within the weekly bills of mortality, Should monthly, and every month; and all and every person or persons whatsoever, who Should make any forth in any other part of Great Britain, Should9 once in every fisc weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next ojfke for the said duties, of all the Jlarch by bm, her, or them, sever ally made within fetch month, or six weeks, respectively which entries were to be made in manner os is therein txprtf fed: and it was further enabled by the said act. That oil and every person, who Should make any fear eh in London or Westminster, or within the limits of the send weekly hills of mortality, Should, vfitbm four weeksand ail and every person whatsoever, who Should make any larch in any other parts of Great Britain, Should, within six weeks, after be, fbe, or they, Should have made, or ought to have made, fetch entry as aforesaid, pay and dear off ah the said duties upon starch, which Should be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such makers of forth, who Should rtfufe or neglect to make futb payment as aforesaid, Should forfeit and lojt, for every fitch of fence, double the sum of the said duty: and whereas the allowance of so long a time for the making of the entries, and for the payment of the duties, as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and also to the fair trader, as evil minded and indigent persons have been encouraged thereby to make starch, and have made entry of the far eh by them made, hut have negufted to pay the duty when due, and before the time that the duty could be recovered hove obfeonded from their respective dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the same, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou Certain sand seven hundred and seventy nine, the above recited clauses, the

and every article, matter, and thing, therein contained, shall be, *6. and are hereby repealed, and made null and void; save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine j anything herein contained to the con ttary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, After jul from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun 1779, itarch dred and eventy nine, all and every person whatsoever, who makers to shall make any (larch, shall, weekly and every week, make a raakcntne,true entry in writing, at the next office for the duties on starch, ^ickly/par of all the (larch by him, her, or them, severally made within ticulanfing each week, which said entries shall contain the weight of all the quantity the (larch mentioned therein respectively, and what quantity at each thereof was made at each making ia that week, on pain to forma, n fck, for every negle^.tbt hun of fifty pounds which entries y

shall 5

250

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40j [1779.

shall be made upon oath by the maker of such starch, or by their chief workman or servant employed in making the same, according to the bell of their knowledge and belief, unless such maker, workman, or servant, be a known quaker, and the solemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or servant, to the same effect, in case he or she be a known quaker, shall and may be taken indead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths and affirmations to verify the same, shall for such darch as shall be made within the limits of the chief office of excise in London be made with and administered by such officer or officers as shall be appointed by the commissioners for the duties on starch in England, or the major part of them for the time being; and for all darch made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and supervisors of the district or division within whish the respective makers of darch shall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same. Starch makers

IV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid,

to pay the That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall

duties within make any darch in Great Britain, shall within one week after

fhatirneofr or ^lcy* toall make, or ought to have made, such

entry, entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for starch

shall be due from him, her, or them, respectively; and

and that all and every such maker of starch, who shall refute or or forfeit neglect to make such payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose,

double the for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty whereof

sum neglected t^c payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such 0 epal'makers of starch, after such default in payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out, any starch, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of such staren so delivered or carried out.

Provish. V Provided always, That no maker of starch shall be obliged

to go or send further than the market town where his or her starch is made, or the next market town to the place where his or her starch is made, for the making such entries, or the payment of the said duties.

Starchmakers VI Arid, for the better preventing the frauds frequently to give proper committed by diverse makers of starch, by emptying the vat or notice to ex vats made use of for making of starch in the absence of the bdfo^h cxc*fe officer, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, beghnoempty ^rotn anc ater day one thousand seven hundred

their vats; 7 and seventy nine, every maker of starch, before he, she, or they, do begin to empty or wah out any of the vat or vats, made use of by him, her, or them, in preparing or making of starch, he, she, or they, shall give to the officer of excise of the division or district where his, her, or their starch house is situate, twelve hours notice, if such starch house shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise in London; or if such starch house shall be in any other part of Great Britain twenty-four hours notice of the particular time and hour when and at which he, she, or they, intend to begin to empty or wah out such vat or vats; and in case such maker or makers of starch

shall

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. 25 r

shall not begin to empty or wash out the said vat or vats, at the hour and times mentioned in such notice, or within two hours next after, then every such notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such maker and makers of starch shall, and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like notice in manner aforesaid: in case any such maker or makers of j? forfeiture starch shall neglect or refuse to give such first notice before he * i00'* begins to empty or wah out his, her, or their vat or vats, or tot insert in such notice the particulars herein before required, or to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, before he begins to empty or wah oqt the vat or vats, in case he, she, or they, shall not begin and proceed to empty or wah out the said vat or vats at, the hour and time mentioned in the said first notice, or within two hours next afterward, such maker or makers of ft arch shall, in every such case, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said vat or vats shall be so empti thi waters*ed or waftied out, as aforesaid, and the waters shall be put into shall remain in the frames, tubs, or other utensils, used for preparing and frames,

making the same into starch, the said waters shall remain un ^rbed for S moved and uodisturbed in the same frames, tubs, or utensils, hours. 4 for the space of forty-eight hours, at Jeast, from the time of emptying and washing out the said vat or vats agreeable to the said notice, and that the dimes and wah shall not, during the said space of forty eight hours, be taken off the same: And that Starchmaker the officers for the duties upon starch may be able to ascertain Sive the.of* when the said waters were so put into the raid frames, tubs, or in writing utensils, after the said vat or vats have been emptied or wasted specifying the out, as aforesaid, every maker of starch shall give, or cause to hour when by given, to the officer of excise under whose survey such maker ch vat was of starch shall then be, a notice in writing, specifying therein cmpticd* the particular hour or time of the day when such maker of starch did finish the emptying or wafting out of each and every vat and vats j and if any maker or makers of starch shall, after the n forfeiture said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy of Ioo/' nine, neglect to deliver such notice as last aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall, for every such ne^letft, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Starchmaken

That whenever any maker or makers of starch shall be desirous nouce'too^ to take off from the four waters the dimes or wah so put into cert before the frames, tubs, or utensils, after the same shall have been and they take off have remained unmoved and undisturbed for the space of forty lhc^lraei eight hours, as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall give to the four waters;officer of excise of the division or distrits, where his, her, or 1

their starch house is situate, twelve hours notice, if such birch

house shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or if such starch house shall be in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice, of the particular time and and hour when and at which he intends to take off such (limes u and

*5*

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1779.

and wash; and in case Rich maker or makers of (larch shall not begin and proceed to take off the (limes and wah as aforesaid at the time and hour mentioned in Rich notice, or within two hours next after, then every Rich notice rfiall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such maker and makers of (larch shall be, and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like notice, in on forfeiture z manner aforesaid; and in case any such maker or makers of (larch of tool shall neglect to give such first notice before he begins to take off such (limes or wash, or to insert in Rich notice the particulars he rein before required, or to give a frefti notice, in manner aforesaid, before he begins to take off such dimes or wad), in case he, she, or they, shall not begin and proceed to take off such dimes and wadi at the hour and time mentioned in the said first notice, or within two hours next afterwards, such maker or makers of (larch shall, in every such case, for every such offence, forfeit and tofe the sum of one hundred pounds. ythtn the

IX. And be it further enacted, That when the dimes shall (lime are put be taken off, as aforesaid, and the same shall be put into any &cthey shall or tub'*ot^cr utengu the same shall remain in the same

remain there tub or tubs or other utensils, into which the same shall have4 hours. been first put, for the space of twenty-four hours after the same shall have been so taken off; and if any maker or makers of (larch shall move or disturb the waters after the same shall have been (b emptied or waftied out of the vat or vats into any frame, tub, or utensil, or shall take off the dimes or wall du starchmaker ring the space of forty eight hours, as aforesaid, or shall move disturbing or disturb the (limes after the same shall have been put into such that time, nff tuor tubs, or olller ul>tenfil, during the space of twenty-four e. shall for hows, as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, such maker feit 100l. and makers of (larch shall, for every (tich offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

Duty on (larch X And, the better to prevent any frauds by the secreting cowtinpa, rd or concca*, ns stareh, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, gauge*faken*"That in case any officer or officers for the said duties upon in the four (larch shall at any time miss any quantity or quantities of (larch,

water of which an account had been taken by gauge, whilst the ferae

was in the four waters or dimes, respectively, and before the said (larch has been put into the boxes, and shall not, upon reasonable demand, receive satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every case, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to charge the maker of such (larch according to the gauge taken of the same in the four waters or dimes, as aforesaid, respectively, and every such maker shall pay the duty so charged.

Starchmtkcr* XI And, for the further securing the duty on (larch, be it to give notice further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after lore they*box^y ortc thousand seven hundred and

their (larch, seventy nine, when any maker or makers of (larch shall give particularif notice of his intention to box, as required by an at, made in ing the frame, tfoc fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the which it io Second, (entitled, An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise be boxed;

1779.] Anno s decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. 253

with refeeft to jkrcb, coffee tea and chocolate every such maker of starch shall, in each such notice, express' and declare the particular frame, tub, or other utensil, from which he, she, or they, intend to box any starch; that when any such maker or makers of starch shall begin to box such starch, they shall proceed and continue to box the same until the whole quantity of starch in each such frame, tub, or other utensil, shall be perfectly boxed; and if any maker or makers of starch shall, at any time after the said fifth day of Jufy* one thousand seven hundred on and seventy nine, neglect to give notice of his intention to box ofool. his green starch, or shall neglect to insert in every such notice the particular frame, tub, or other utensil, from which the larch is intended to be boxed as aforesaid, or shall not proceed or continue to box the whole quantity of starch in any such frame, tub, or other utensil, after such notice as aforesaid, every such maker or makers of starch shall, in every such case, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds; any law, custom, or usage, notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Starchmaker That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand to deliver to seven hundred and seventy nine, every maker of starch shall de ^eferi rioiwrf liver to the officer who surveys his or their starch house an ac every room, count, in writing, containing as well an exaeft description of C by him' each and every room and place, by him, her, or them, made used for make use of for the making, drying, or keeping of starch, as also of (larch, each and every vessel or utensil by him, her, or them, made use

of for the making of starch, before he, she, or they, presume to... A lf. use the same; all which said rooms and places, vessels and utensils, shall be marked and numbered by, or by the direction numbered; of, the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise who (urvejr the respective makers of starch, to whom such rooms and places, vessels and utensils, respectively belong, at the expense of such respective makers; and if any such maker of starch shall make on forfeiture use of any room or place, vessel or utensil, for the making of f L starch, without giving such account as aforesaid, or before the same shall have been marked and numbered as aforesaid, or shall refuse to pay for the marking and numbering the same, he,

(he, or they shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty poupds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and; er the when starch

fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, makers break whenever any maker or makers of starch shall have broken the jny pieces of starch from his, her, or their boxes, he, she, or they, shall boxes deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the officer of excise under t|)cy a whole survey fitch maker of starch shall then be, an account in liver a parti writing, of the true number of pieces broken from such box, cular account distingiiiftiing, in such writing, the fixe of the different pieces, to the under the different denominations following; that is to say, 0 '

large, middling, and small, and how many pieces of each de nominatibnare contained in each breaking from the boxes: and on forfeiture in case any such maker of starch shall neglect to deliver to such of sooa

officer

25 4

When starch is put into the stove for drying, the pieces to be so placed that the officers may be able to count them.

Starchmakers to provide ladders, and assist the officers in taking account of the pieces of starch;

and to do nothing to obstruct them therein;

on forfeiture of 100l.

Starchmaker to rive proper nonce to officer before he

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40.

[177$*

officer such account, in writing, distinguishing therein as aforesaid; if, after such account given in as aforesaid, any officer of excise shall discover, in any place whatsoever, entered or not entered, any increase in the number of pieces, or a greater number of the large or midling pieces than were particularly specified in such writing, then, and in every such case, every such maker and makers of (larch shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, whenever any maker or makers of (larch shall put their (larch when feraped, or when put into the papers, into the (love or (loves for drying the same, every such maker of (larch shall place, or cause to be placed, the several pieces of (larch so put into such (love or stoves, in such manner as that the officers of excise may have access to, and be able to count distinctly the number of the several pieces of (larch so put into such (love or stoves.

XV. And, that such officers of excise may, without inconvenience or hurt, be able to count the said pieces in such stove or stoves, it is hereby enabled, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every maker of (larch shall provide proper ladders, and shall assist the said officers in taking an account of the said several pieces of starch in such stove or stoves; that no maker or makers of starch shall, by himself, or by any other person, during the space of two hours after such officer shall have entered the stove of any such larch maker, for the purpose of counting the number of pieces of (larch then in such (love, stir or break up the fire under the said stove, nor shall, during the said space of two hours, whilst such officer remains in such (love, throw, or cause to be thrown, upon the pan of such stove, any dirt, meal, or other ingredient, whereby a fmoafc may be raised, or the officer hindered or obstructed in counting the pieces of starch in the said dove: and if any such maker or makers of starch shall not so place the several pieces of starch in their respective stove or (loves as aforesaid, as that the officers of excise may distindily count the same; or if such maker or makers of starch shall not provide proper ladders, or shall not assist the said officers in taking the account as aforesaid; shall by stirring up the fire, or by any means whatsoever, hinder or obstruct the officers of excise from going into, and continuing in the said stove or doves, during the space of two hours, as aforesaid, or until such officer shall have taken the account of all the said pieces, if the same shall be done within the said space of two hours 5 then, and in every such case, the person offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and.lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy niae, when any maker or makers

of

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0, 46; 25

of (larch shall be desirous to break down any piece or pieces of break down (larch into scrapings, or otherwise, he, she, or they, shall give ny P, ?cc' * to the officer of excise of the division or district where his, her,

Qr their starch house is situate, twelve hours notice, if such P S starch house shall be situate within the limits of the chief office of excise in London; or if such starch house shall be in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice of the particular time and hour when and at which he, she, or they intend to break down such pieces of (larch into scrapings, or otherwise; and in case such maker or makers of (larch shall not begin and proceed to break down such pieces of (larch as aforesaid, at the time and hour mentioned in such notice, or within two hour next after, then every such notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void; and every such maker and makers of starch shall be, and is and are hereby obliged to give a fresh and like notice in manner aforesaid: and in case any such faaker' or on forfeiture makers of starch shall neglect to give such first notice, before, 00^ he, she, or they, begin to break down such pieces of starch, or to insert in such notice the particulars herein before required; or to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, every such maker of starch shall, in every such case, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If officer (Sal!

That, from and after the said fifth aay of July one thousand find, drying seven hundred and seventy nine, if any officer for the duties on In the stove, (larch shall discover and find, in the stove of (loves of any maker

of starch, any piece or pieces of starch drying in such (love or which naac (loves, of which no account had been before taken in the box count had Or boxes, by the officer for the duties on starch, then, and in ^enj.akcilin* every such case, each and every such piece and pieces of starch Inakwfiiall shall be deemed, and is and are hereby declared to be, starch forfeit ioo of which no account had been taken by the officer for the said

duties upon starch; the maker or makers of such starch, in whose stove such piece or pieces shall bedo discovered and found, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Starchmikef

That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven thea

hundred and seventy nine, if any maker of starch shall, at any of

time whilst his starch is in operation, and under water, mix, makings, or cause to be mixed, any of thfc starch waters of the making while hisftareh with those of another making, every such maker of starch shall }*u"<je'jt.aters forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred ^qao / ^cept pounds, except such mixing be made in the presence of an it be done m officer for the duties on starch. presence of aid

XIX. And whereat fraudulent jlarch makers have, in many in officer fiances, been rather encouraged in carrying on their frauds, by reason fj^ovin3 any of the smallness of the penalties already provided in these cases; now, starch? after^for the more effectual preventing the Uke frauds, be it further en it is dried, out dfied by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the said fifth day of of his stove, July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, any maker ^eighin^and

V oy'xxxii. S ofanwcount

*56

thereof taken by officers, shall forfeit moot

and concealing Itarch, with intent to defraud his Majesty, shall forfeit 100l.

Starch maker obstructing officer in performing his duty, to forfeit 50l.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

General issue'

costs.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1779.

of starch shall remove, or cause to be removed, any quantity whatsoever of starch, after the same shall be dried, out of his, her, or their (love or stoves, or out of any other place or places, made use of by them for the drying of starch, before the same has been weighed, and an account takfen thereof, by the proper officer appointed for that purpose, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any maker of starch shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or shall cause or suffer to be hid or concealed, any starch, to the intent to deceive his Majesty of the just duties chargeable on the same, that then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; any law, custom, or usage, notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any maker of starch shall obstruct or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon starch, in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this or any other act, for the ascertaining and securing the duties upon starch, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

AXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise; or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done in pursuance or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence in his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, than such defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

S

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1-43.'

CAP. XLL

An act for granting a drawback of the duties, impofei by an act of the kftfeffton of parliament, upon allforeign wines exported from Great Britain to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any British settlement in the East Indies.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the eighteenth Preamble.'

year of his Majestfs reign, intituled, Ati act for granting to Recital of an his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar aft iggco.3. imported into this kingdom,) it was, amongst other things, provided and enacted, That, upon the exportation of any sort of wines (except French wines) from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America as merchandise, the exporter Should be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation ef such wine by virtue of the said recited act, except the sum of three pounds, thirteen billings, and sixpence per tonne: And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the exportation of wines from this kingdom to the British colonies or plantations in America, and to the British settlements in the East Indies, it is expedient to allow. the drawback of all the duties granted by the said recited act upon the exportation of all foreign wines so exported to those places; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day A drawback of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon of all the du the exportation of any French wine, or any other foreign wines, tle* hv from this kingdom, to any British colony or plantation in Ame on the impor nvtf, or to any British settlement in the East Indies, as merchan tation of so dize, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the reign wines duties before mentioned, which were paid upon the importation jb*u be allow of such wine by virtue of the said herein before recited act of^Marion parliament, made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign; thereofto anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding: which America, or drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and un the East der such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, indlcf* in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such wine, was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this act.

CAP. XLII.

An act to enable the trustees for putting in execution an act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge at wor ceherover the river Severn, and for opening convenient avenues to the said bridge, to finish and complete the said bridge, and to carry the purposes of the said act into execution.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the foake of Horrcaftte, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parish of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Louth,

Eske, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and the parishes of Wrangle,

Leak, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fishtoft, in the hundred of Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln,

S 2 CAP.

45$

V

Preamble! reciting the toleration aft t Gul. & Mar.

Protestant dissenting ministers, who shall take the oaths and subscribe the declaration against popery required by the said act, and shall also make and subscribe the following declaration,

shall be entitled to all the privileges granted by the toleration aft, and by an act 10 Ann. for confirming the lame, see.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 44? [1779.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for the further relief of protestant dissenting minifieri and Schoolmasters.

WHEREAS, by an act made in the first year of the reign f king William and queen Mary, (entitled. An act for exempting their Majesties protestant hibjests, 'dissenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws,) persons dissenting from the church of England, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, and preachers or teachers of any congregation of dissenting protestant s, are required, in order to be entitled to certain exemptions, benefits, privileges, and advantages, to declare their approbation of, and to subscribe, the articles of religion mentioned in the Statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elifabdth, (except as in the said act, mode in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, is excepted:,) and whereas many suck persons scruple to declare their approbation of, and to subscribe, the said articles not excepted as aforesaid: forgiving rate to such scrupulous persons in the exercise of religion, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; 'and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person dissenting from the church of England in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, being a preacher or teacher of any congregation of dissenting protestants, who, if he scruple to declare and subscribe as aforesaid, shall take the oaths, and make and subscribe the declaration against popery, required by the said act, in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and subscribed by protestant dissenting ministers, and shall also make and subscribe a declaration in the words following \ videlicet,

I A.B. do fotemnly declare, in the presence of almighty God, that /*am a christian and protestant, and as such, that I believe that the scriptures of the old and new tefiament, as commonly received among protestant churches, do contain the revealed will of Godi and, that 1 do receive the same as the rule of my doctrine and pra ft ice.

shall be, and every such person is hereby declared to be, entitled to all the exemptions, benefits, privileges and advantages, granted to protestant dissenting ministers by the said act, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary; and by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, (entitled. An act for preserving the protestant religion, by better jeeuring the church England, as by law estabiijhedi and for confirming the toleration granted to protestant disfcnters by an act, intituled An act for exempting their Majesties protestant subjects,

dif

*59

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4i

dissenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws; and for supplying the defects thereof; and for the further securing the protestant successm, by requiring the praftifers of the law in North Britain to take the oaths and subscribe the declaration therein mentioned;,) and the justices of the peace at the general session of the peace to be held for the county or place where any protestant dissenting minister shall live, are hereby required to tender and administer the said last mentioned declaration to such minister, upon his offering himself to make and subscribe the same, and thereof to keep a register; and such minister (half not give or pay, asa see or reward to any officer or officers belonging to the court aforesaid, above the sum of sixpence for his or their entry of such mininster's making and subscribing the said laftrmentioned declaration, and taking the oaths, and making and subscribing the declaration aeainst popery, required by the said act, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and subscribed by protestant dissenting ministers j nor above the sum of sixpence for any certificate thereof to be made out and signed by the officer or officers of the said court; and every such person, qualifying himself as aforesaid, shall be exempted from f*om?erring serving in the militia of this kingdom; and shall also be ex n the militia, empted from any imprisonment, or other punishment, by vir and from any tue of an act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the punishipentby Teign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the uni jjftof uni formity of publics prayers, and a immigration ofsacraments, and other formity, C rites and ceremonies; and for establishing the form of moling, ordaining, and consecrating, bishops, priefs, and deaeons, in the church i/*engl?nd; or by an act made in the fifteenth year of the same reign, intituled An act for relief of such persons as by ficlness, or other impediment, were disabled from subscribing the declaration in the act of uniformity, and explanation of part of the said act; for preaching or officiating in any congregation of protestant dissenters, for the exercisp of religion permitted and allowed by law.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Diflcnterf, That po dissenting minister, nor any other protestant dissenting qualifying from the church of England, who shall take the aforesaid oaths,

and make and subscribe the abovementioned declaration against low^vto'in" popery, and the declaration herein before mentioned, shall be structyouth, prosecuted in any court whatsoever, for teaching and instructing youth as a tutor or schoolmaster; any am or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

III. Provided always, That nothing in this contained shall Nodiflenter extend, or be construed to extend, to the enabling of any per to hold the ion dissenting from the church of England to obtain or hold the masterfojpof mastership of any college or sch&ol of royal foundation, or of schoofof* r any other endowed college or school for the education of youth, royal foun unless the same shall have been founded since the first year of dation, C the reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary,

for the immediate use and benefit of protestant dissenters.

IV. And whereas it hath been doubted whether the said act, made The said aa

s3 in 1 Gul mar.

iso

and this act, to be deemed public acts.

[Preamble.]

Recital of two J tx and 23 Ca 2;

and of an act 1 Ann.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45. [1779.

in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, be a public or private aft; be it enacted and declared, That the said act, and also this present act, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be public acts; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justice and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading them, or either of them.

CAP. XLV.

An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee farm rente, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenements, within ttyir survey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the second, intituled An act for advancing the sale of fee-farm relit and other rents yand by anothor aft, passed in the twenty second and twenty-third years of the same king, intituled An act for vesting certain fee-farm rents, and other finall rents, in trustees; or one of them, all the fee farm rents, rentsferuicey rents feck or dry rentsy chantry rents, guild rents, castle guard rents, and other rents, within the survey of the duchy of Lancaster, due and payable to the said late King, his heirs and successors, except as therein mentioned) were vested in certain trustees, and their heirs, with powers for them to make sale thereof for the benefit of the said King, his heirs and successors, with a provtfo therein contained, that until sale Should be made of the said rents by the said trustees, the King's receivers Should colie ft and receive the same; and whereas, by an act of the first year of the reign of her late majesty jqueen Anne, intituled An act for the better support of her majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, fivers wholesome provisions were made for the preservation, improvement, and wereafe of the land revenues of the crown, and for preventing the alienation of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, woods, or other hereditaments, belonging to her said late Majesty, her heirs or successors, with a proviso therein contained, that the said act Should not disable the trustees for sale offee farm and other rents, to execute any the trusts of the said several acts of parliament herein before mentioned: and whereas jeve ral of the said rents within the survey of the said dueby of Lancaster were sold under the said authority so given to the said trustees, but the refedue thereof, conjifung sf many small rents, arising and payable in diverse counties, remain unsold, the collecting and payment whereof is not only chargeable to the crown, but is troublesome and inconvenient to the subject; but forasmuch as the said trustees, who were six in number, are all long fence dead, and it has not been discovered which of them was the survivor, or who is or are the heir or heirs of fetch survivor, or in whom the legal estate in the said unfold rents is now vested, for which reasons no complete sale thereof can be effected, nor a good title t made theretox without the further aid of parliament: And whereas the Kings majesty is fetfed to himself, his heirs and successors as parcel of the possessms of the said duchy Lancaster, of diverse honours, manor

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45. 261

norsy and lordships, within which are diverse tenants holding of his afa jesty customary or copyhold messuages, lands, and tenements, parcel of the said honours, manors, or lordshipsy in respect of which said mejfu 6ges % lands, tenements, /fotenants are subjecty upon descent

or alienation thereof to the payment of fines, for arbitrary or certain, beriots, reliefs, other duesy according to the respective customs of f

the said honours, manors, r lordjhipsy over and besides the yearly quit rents issuing and payable thereout: and whereas it would tend greatly to the relief of the said tenants and to the improvement of their ref pettive efatesy if the same could be enfranchised and discharged from the said burdens incident to their respective tenures; but the same can toot be done without the aid of parliament: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said several recited als of the twen Part of the ty second year of the reign of King Charles the second, and the reci^ twenty second and twenty-third years of the reign of the same p0*1*1 king, as relates to or concerns any fee*farm rents, or other rents whatsoever, refraining unfold by the said trustees, and now in the surveyor receipt of the duchy of Lancaster, or the officers thereof, or to the appropriation of the money to arise by any safe or sales thereof; and also so much of the said recited act of the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne as relates to or concerns any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within or parcel of the honours, manors, or lordships of the said duchy of Lancaster, now held by copy of court roll, or being of the nature of copyhold or of customary tenure, or to any fines payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon descent or alienation of the same, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fee-farm all and Angular the said fee-farm rents, and other rents, what rents, C soever, remaing unsold by the said trustees as aforesaid, and r*m*ningun* now in the surveyor receipt of the said duchy, or the officers

thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, in the be in thepof actual seisin and possession of our sovereign lord the King, his session of his heirs and successors, as parcel of the possessions of his said duchy Majesty See. of Lancaster, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said recited acts had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law chancellor full to and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster and council fdr the time being, to sell and dispose, and thereupon to grant of the duchy and allure, in the name of the king's Majesty, his heirs and fuc fmrowered to ceffoss, under seal of the said duchy, unto or to the use of the feu the said respective purchasers of the said rents, and to their heirs for fee-farm ever, all and Angular fee-farm rents, rents service, rents feck or r*nt*&c dry rents, quit rents, chantry rents, guild rents, and other rents,

due and payable to the king's majesty, as parcel of the possessions of his said duchy, and now being within the survey and receipt of the said duchy, and the officers of the same, at and for suchs

con

2 6l

but not for left than 15 years pur phase.

Owner of the lands where out the rents are payable to be preferred in the pure hale hereof.

Form of grants.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. .45, [1779.

confederations in money as the said chancellor and chuncil shall think sir, not being less than after the rate of twenty-five years pijrchafe of the gross amount of any such relit or rents; and that the several grants and assurances of any such relit or rents, to be so made under the seal aforesaid, being enrolled in the court of the duchy chamber of Lancaster, within twelve calendar months next after the respective dates thereof, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, unto the respective grantees and their heirs, and that all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, his and their heirs, successors, and assigns, having and taking any such grant or assurance, and causing the same to be enrolled as aforesaid, shall, by force and virtue of this act, be adjudged to be in the actual seisin and possession of the relit or rents so purchased and conveyed, and shall hold and enjoy the same in perfect peace, freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or by any person or perr fons claiming any estate, right, or interred, by, from, or under, the said trustees, or the survivor of them, and of and from all manner of encumbrances whatsoever, heretofore had or charged upon the same relit, and as fully and amply as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the said trustees, or the survivor of them, or his heirs, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy, under their said respective purchases, all and every the benefits and advantages for the recovery thereof, and the arrears thereof, as are or were given or allowed to purchasers of any relit or rents in and by the said act of the twenty fecood year of King Charles the second, and by the said other act of the twenty second and twenty-third years of the same King, and in as large and ample manner and form as if such purchasers had purchased the said rents under the trustees appointed or authorised in and by, or under and by virtue of the powers contained in the said acts, or either of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the immediate owner of the lands and hereditaments whereout any of the said rents are due, payable, or issuing, shall be preferred in the purchase thereof respectively before any other, so as such immediate owner shall pay and discharge all arrears of relit due from him or her, and tender himself or herself in person, or by his or her agent, to the said chancellor and council, to contrast for the purchase thereof, and shall perfect his or her contrast, and pay the purchase money into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues of the said duchy, on or before the sixth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at such rate as shall be agreed upon, not being less than twenty-five years purchase, as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such grants and assurances shall and may be made in the following form of words, as or nearly thereto as may be; (that is to lay, )

GEORGE

17^9-1 all110 dedno nono Georgii III. c. 45. '9.63

GEORGE the third, by tbi grace of God, y Great Britain,

France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, amf so forth \

To all to whom theft present letters ball come, greeting; know ye, that we, in consideration of the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, paid into the hands of our receiver-general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancaster (as appears by the receipt of the said receiver-general endorsed on these presents)) by and with the advise and consent of our chancellor and council of our said duchy, do by these presents grant, bargain, and fell, unto A.B. his heirs and assigns, all that relit of [expressing the relit

or rents,] issuing and payable out of [briefly describing

the lands or tenements chargeable] now or late paid or payable by [mentioning the person or persons, as the case may

be; ] To, have and to hold the said relit for rents] hereby bargained and sold, and all benefits and advantages thereunto belonging, unto and to the use of the said A.B. his heirs and affgns, for ever; [In case there be any fubflfling lease of the relit or rents fold, words to the following effe<st are to be added,] subject nevertheless to the term and interest in the said relit or rents now out(landing, by virtue of a lease, granted under the seal of our said duchy, bearing date on or about [expressing the date,] unto [expressing

the lessee] ] a term of [as the case may be,] which

will expire on or about [expressing the time when the

lease will expire.

In witness whereof, C

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Chancellor to and for the said chancellor and council to treat and contract, on and council the part of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with any person ?f the duchy or persons, holding any messuages, lands, tenements, and here to

ditaments, by copy of court roll, or being of the nature of copy lands, tene hold, or of customary tenure, or for which any fine is payable ments, C to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on defeent or alienation, which are within and parcel of any of the honours, manors, or lordfhipsof the said duchy of Lancaster, for the enfranchisement thereof, and for discharging the same, and all and every the present and future owners and tenants thereof, and their heirs, from the payment of all customary fines, sines of ingress, and other fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues and payments, to which, by the respective customs of such honours, manors, or lord ships, they are now or would hereafter otherwise be subject and liable, at and for such prices and considerations in money to be paid for the same, and upon such terms and conditions as shall be agreed upon by and between the said chancellor and council, and the person or persons holding such messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and thereupon to convey' and assure such respective messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the name of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, under the seal of the said duchy, to such person or persons, and their heirs respectively, to be held to such person or persons, and their heirs respectively, for ever, as

of

26+ Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5. f 1779.

of the honour or manor whereof they are pareel, in free and common soccage, freed and discharged from all fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, ond other customary dues and payments, suits and services, whatsoever; and that the deeds for conveying and assuring the same shall be made in the following form of Words, or as nearly thereto as may be; (that is to say, )

Term of GEORGE the thirds by the grace of God of Great Britain,

deeds of France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faiths and so

conveyance, prt^. esq tq w^om these our present letters shall come, greeting:

\*know ye, that we, in confederation of the sum of ef

lawful money of Great Britain, paid into the hands of our receiver-general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancaster, by A.B. one of our copyhold or cufeomary tenants of the [as the case may

be,] as appears by the receipt of our said receiver-general, endorsed on these presents, and by and with the advice and consent of our chan eellor and council of our said duchy, do hereby release and confirm unto the said'a. B. and his heirs, for ever, all that [describing

the premises] ] have and to hold the premises hereby released, with their appurtenances, unto and to the use of the said A.B. and his heirs, for every to be holiden of the honour or manor of which the same is or are pareel, in free and common soccage, freed and discharged of end from all and all manner of fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues and payments, suits, services, and custortts whatsoever, to which the same, or any part thereof, are now jttbjer, and to be and

continue as freehold lands; [and in case there be any subsisting lease of the said fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, dues, payments, or customs, words to the following eflfedt are to be added] subject nevertheless to the payment of the usual and accuseomed fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues, [or as the case may be,] during the term and intend now outstanding by virtue of a lease thereof granted under the Jeal of the said duchy, bearing date on or about [expressing the date,] unto C D for a term [as

the case may be,] which will expire on [expressing the

time when the subsisting lease will expire.] In witness, C

The aforesaid

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and re grants, C speflive grants, conveyances, and assurances, in the respective of theduchcal ^orms aforesaid, under the seal of the said duchy, shall be good, to bevsdid m Efficient, valid, and effectual in the law, for granting and aflur law. ing the said rents unto the several purchasers thereof, and their

heirs for ever, and also for conveying and assuring the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein respectively to be comprised, enfranchised, and discharged, unto and to the use of the several and respective persons^herein to be named, and their heirs for ever; anything contained in the said recited act of the first year of Queen Anne to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that the inrollment of the said grants, conveyances, and assurances, in the court of duchy chamber of lan caster, shall be of the same force and validity as inrollments of bargains and sales in any of the four courts at Westminster.

i VIII Provided

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45. 265

VIII. Provided always, That where any lease of any of the proviso relat aforesaid rents, fines, heriots, reliefs, or other customary dues or ing to fucti payments, hath been granted under the seal of the said duchy rents, fines, for any term now subsisting, that then, and in every such case, no^der the said grants, conveyances, and aflitrances, so far as the same ieafe. relate to or concern any of the hereditaments comprised in such

lease, shall commence and take effect only upon or from the expiration or determination of such lease respectively; and that such an abatement shall be made in the purchase money for the hereditaments foin lease, as shall be agreed upon between the said chancellor and council, and the respective purchasers or persons therein respectively named; and that the person or persons entitled to the benefit of such lease, shall and may have and take all such remedies in the law, for recovering and enforcing the payment of the several and respective rents, fines, heriots, reliefs, and other customary dues and payments, during the continuance of such lease, as he, she, or they would, could, or might have had or taken in case this a had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas it may be convenient to persons who are feifei of Tenants for tepybold lands and estates, [being within and parcel of the honours, lifeofcopy

manors, or lordships, of the said duchy d/*lancaster,) as tenants for

life only, to have the same enfrnnehifed, be it therefore enacted by chafrentnui the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all chisement such tenants for life, who are or shall be seized of any such thereof copyhold lands and estates as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to contract and agree with the said chancellor and council for the enfranchisement, and for the purchase of timber thereon for discharging the said copyhold lands and estates from the payment of all customary fines, sines of ingress, and other fines, 'heriots, reliefs, quit remits, and other dues and payments, to which, by the respective customs of such honours, manors, or lordships, the same are now, or would hereafter otherwise be subject and liable to, and to pay to the said chancellor and council such price or consideration as shall be agreed on for the same: and after any such messuages, lands, tenements, or char3l hereditaments, shall be so enfranchised and discharged from such ukh the pay fines, rents, dues, and payments, as aforesaid, it ihah and may met of the be lawful for the respective owners and proprietors thereof, being said purchase tenants for life as aforesaid, to charge such copyhold lands and money estates with the payment of the money to be paid for the enfranchisement thereoy, and for discharging the same from such fines, rents, dues, and payments, as aforesaid; and for securing the repayment of such money, with interest, by deed or deeds, writing or writings, under their respective hands and seals, to be duly executed by them, and attested by two or more credible witnesses, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the lands and estates so charged as aforesaid, unto such person or jtersons as shall advance and lend the same respectively, for any term or number of years, so as such grant, mort gauge, rease, or demise, be made with a proviso or condition to cease

jt

266

Grants, C where the consideration shall not exceed iol. not subject to damp duty.

Enfranchised premises to remain subject to entails, settlements, C

Grants to be made at the expense of the grantees. Officers fees.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45. [1779.

cease and be void, or with an express trud to be surrendered, when the money thereby to be secured, with the interred thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and also with a covenant, that such respective tenants for life shall pay and keep down the intered of the money to be thereby respectively secured during their respective lives, in such manner that no person afterwards coming into possession of any such lands and estates, shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger arrear of intered than for one year preceding the time when the title to such possefllon shall accrue and commence; and every such grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, for the purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding any settlement, will, trud, use, remainder, limitation, or other encumbrance, of and concerning the same lands and estates, or any part or parts thereof, then in being or capable of taking effect,

X. And be it further enacted, That where the money to be paid as the consideration for any such grant, conveyance, or assurance, and shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, such grants, conveyances, and assurances, under the seal of the said duchy, mail be subject to no damp duty for the same; and where the consideration money to be paid shall exceed ten pounds, that the said grants, conveyances, and assurances, shall be subject only to such damp duty as is or are, or hereafter may be by law requisite for any deeds, whereby lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are conveyed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and singular the premises to be enfranchised and discharged as aforesaid, under and by virtue of this act, shall, from and after the conveyance and assurance thereof respectively, remain, inure, continue, and be subject and liable to all such entails, wills, settlements, mortgages, leases, judgements, uses, truds, limitations, remainders, reversions, and all other encumbrances, as the same premises now are, or at the time of the making such conveyances and assurances thereof shall or may be subject and liable to, in as large and ample manner and form as if this act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the grants and assurances to be made under the seal aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall be sued forth and enrolled in manner herein before directed, at the expense of the respective grantees therein to be named; and that the several sees hereafter mentioned, and no more, shall be charged for the same by the officers of the said duchy; (that is to say)

Fo?

M - '

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45.

267

For grants of rents.

To the register, for drawing and entering the order for every cotftradl - -3

To the auditor, for the particular and certificate for the grant -- - 3

To the clerk of the council, for drawing,) ingrossing, and inrolling the grant - 3

For parchment 1 s. (or its real cost, if exceeding is. besides the stamp duty, any required) -

To the fealer, for the seal and wax

For the grant per every ad of a angle

ex 1

h ifj

/. S. d.

050

050 o 10 o

010

040

ditional relit in the Dune

grant. For grants of

/. d. reat "

010

030

050.

000

010

Total of fees for grant of a Angle relit

J L

And for every additional relit contained in the same grant - - 5

For assurances for the enfranchisement of copyhold or customary tenements.

For enfranchisement.

The whole charge, when the deteripti on of the parcel do not exceed sixty word.

To the register, for drawing and entering) the order for every contract - - 3 0

To the auditor, for the particular and cer'ficate -

To the clerk of the council, for drawing, 3 ingrossing, and inrolling the assurance J

For parchment is. (or its real cost, if exceeding i s. besides the stamp duty; any required) -

To the fealer, for the seal and wax -

/ I dm

5 o

o 50 o 10 o

0x0

040

The further charge for every thirty words in excess, where the deferip. tioas of the parcel necessarily exceed sixty words.

/. s. d.

010

0 10 0 10

000

000

Total for every assurance, where the de 1

feriptionsr of the parcels do not exceed > i 50 sixty words -)

Total for every thirty words in excess, where the! descriptions of the parcels exceed sixty words - I

030

268 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45; [177$*

Moneys to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the moneys toarife

o?rent*for^ rents or le enfranchisement and dif

7nfran r charging of any copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tene chisement, to ments, or hereditaments, under and by virtue of this act, shall be paid to the be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues recntcr gene Of^duchy of Lantajler for the time being, and his successors;* that the purchasers shall not bfe liable to see to the application

thereof, but that the receipts and acquittances of the said receiver-general for the said moneys, shall be a full discharge to and laid out the purchasers for the same; and the said moneys shall from time in the pur to time, as the same shall be paid in and received, be laid our, in thvname^ y the or(*er l^c^c^lncc^or ant council, in the purchase of the dlichy of three per centum bank consolidated annuities, or in any of oflancaiten the publick funds, transferable at the bank of England, in the name of the duchy of Lancaster; in which name the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the said annuities, funds, or (lock, so purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by the receiver-general of the revenues of the said duchy for the time being, who is hereby required to accept the same accordingly 5 and that all and every the annuities, fund, or (lock, to be so purchased and accepted, shall remain inveded in the name of the duchy of Lamaster, and shall not be transferred, or transferable, without the authority of parliament; but all the intered of the said annuities, funas, and dock, shall be from time to time paid, by the said governor and company of the bank of England, unto the receiver-general of the said duchy for the time being, and his successors, (whose receipts shall be a sufficient discharge for the same,) as parcel of she revenues of the said duchy, and shall be charged upon, and be answeredand accounted for by him to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, accordingly, subject to all such charges, encumbrances, and outgoings, if any such there be (taxes only excepted,) as the said rents now are, or would have been chargeable with, or subject unto in case this al had not been made. t Clause for en

XIV. And whereas diverse lands and tenements, parcel of the faii

coiiraging the duchy <?/lancader, are held by sundry persons, by virtue of grants growrh ot strom the crown under the seal of the said duchy, infee farm, in same

umber. of which grants all timber and other trees to arise and grow in the

lands thereby granted, are excepted and reserved to the crown: And whereas diverse other lands parcel of the said duchy, are heldbyleafes granted under the seal thereof for terms of life or years, wherein all timber and other trees are also excepted and reserved to the crown: And whereas sundry parts of the said lands so held in fee-farm or by hafey would, if planted for the production of wood and timber, pro dvee a greater profit than in a course of husbandrpr, and if the respective see farmers and lessees thereof were to be benefited by raffing and planting trees for timber and other purposes thereon, they might be encouraged so to do, to the great utility of the publick; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said chancellor and council to contract with the owners of lands,

held

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 46, 47. 269

Yield of the said duchy in fee-farm, for the absolute sale of all timber trees and other trees growing, or hereafter to grow or arise, in or upon such lands respectively, at and for such prices or considerations as shall be agreed upon and mentioned in and by such contracts respectively; and thereupon to grant, fell, and release, under the seal of the said duchy, in the name of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, unto the said several and re fspective owners of such fee-farm lands and their heirs for ever, all and singular the said timber trees and other trees, which in and by such fee-farm grants are or were excepted and reserved to the crown; and that such contrails, grants, fajes, and releases, shall be valid and effectual unto such respective owners of the said fee-farm lands, for granting, selling, and releasing, unto them and their heirs for ever, all such timber trees and other trees, any law or ufitge, or anything contained in such grants of lands in fee-farm, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Chancellor. lawful to and for the said chancellor and council, by their order and council to be made in court of revenue, to authorise and dir^it the fur jnayauthorise veyors of the Woods for the south and north parts respectively ofwoodt^o* of the said duchy for the time being, to treat with, and to enter agree with into any contrail or agreement on the part of his Majesty, his leflearelat heirs and successors, to and with such lessee or lessees, for secur j.ni tofth.e ing unto such lessee or lessees, and his, her, and their executors, frcev^c. administrators, and assigns, such a fair and reasonable allowance

or proportion of all moneys which shall, at anytime during the term and interest of such lessee or lessees under their respective leases, arise by sale of timber trees, or other trees, or wood, within the lands (b to be held and occupied by him, her, or them, as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said surveyors respectively, and the said lessee or lessees or any of them; and also for allowing unto such lessee or lessees, at the end and expiration of their respective leases, a like fair and reasonable allowance and proportion in money for all timber and other trees which shall be then left (landing and growing in and upon their respective farms, according to the value of such timber and other trees respectively; which agreements, being confirmed by order of the said chancellor and council, shall be valid and effieilual to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of Pembroke.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments $ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purports; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be

stamped

376 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8.

[1^79.

ft am pc d according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mi (laid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

[Preamble.]

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act 1 Geo. 1. Act 13 Car. a. Act5 Car. a Act 30 Car 1. Act 8 Geo. 1.

Act9 Geo. Act 18 Geo. and aft 6 Geo. 3. before the passing of this act j and who shall, on or before Dec. 15, 1770, qualify themselves, shaft be indemnified against forfeiture. Not to indemnify any person for any penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Persons producing appointments and admiifiont before Dec. 5, 1779, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, Officer, or member of corporations, C may enjoy all offices into which they lure been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties and damages incurred by reason of dmissions. Not to extend to reftcre pe Tonnes to any office avoided by judgement. Person who shall cause affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1779, art indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons profecated and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general ifiiie.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to explain so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other his Majesty's dominions, of'goods and commodities of the growth or production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign parts 3 for preventing masters of ships removing their vessels out of the fir earn, except to the lawful quays, in the port of London, before the goods are dischargea, or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers inxvards or outwards 3 and for allowing the officers of the customs and excise to make use of lights on board Ships in the haven, dock, or basin, at the port of Kingston upon Hull.

[Preamble.]

WHEREA* di Jbe <tbi

reign of Kthg Charles the Second, intituled An act for

Recital of the the encouraging and ehtreafing of shipping and navigation 3 it navigation aft was, amongst other things, enabled, That no goods or commodities of is Car. 2, the growth, production, or manufacture, of Africa, Asia, or America, shall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the iftonds of Guernsey or Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other tlace or places, country or countries, but only from those of the said growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports where the said goods and commodities can only, or art or usually have been sir ft hipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid goods as shall be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, ett alj'o of the hip in which they were imported, with all her guns, fur tiiture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas doubts have crifcn whether such goods, if carried from the place or country oftbt growth or production into any foreign parts of Europe, and manufactured there, may not be imported from thence into this kingdom, and other of his Majestfs dominions in the said ad mentioned: and

11 whereas

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 48. 271

whereas the importation of such goods and commodities so manufactured would be very prejudicial to the trade and navigation of Great Britain, and would tend to the ruin of several artificers and labourers, whose families are supported by the manufacturing such goods and commodities in this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand Explanation seven hundred and seventy nine, the said in part recited'all, of th

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any goods or commodities whatsoever, of the growth or production of Africa,

Asia, or America, which shall be in any degree manufactured in foreign parts, to be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, except and unless the same shall be so manufactured in the country or place of which the said goods and commodities arc the growth and production, or in the place where such goods and commodities can only or are first shipped for transportation, and from no other place or country whatsoever, under the penalties and forfeitures in the said act mentioned \ any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

ft. Provided nevertheless, That this act shall not restrain or Certain goods prohibit the importation of oil of cloves, oil of cinnamon, oil of the ijnportatu mace, and oil of nutmegs, or of any goods or commodities, 2t rsiibited which are permitted to be imported into this kingdom, under by ttaisaft! particular circumstances and restrictions, by any subsequent act or acts of parliament which are now in force.

III. And whereas Ships and vessels ariving at the port of London Penalty on from Holland and Flanders, and other foreign parts, and also Ships mailers of and vessels outward bound from the said port to foreign parts, are shipa remov frequently removed from the lawful quays, or out of the Jlream, to lie at anchor close to the back doors of the houses of the masters of stream, ex such vessels, or at the public-houses frequented by such masters on the cept to the side of the river Thames, before they are discharged and cleared by lawful quays, the proper officers of the customs, whereby cambricks, lace, India felks, londonbe and other prohibited goods, are very often run from on board such sore ^'goods vessels, to the detriment of the revenue and fair trader; for remedy are discharg whereoffor the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, dc.

That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any ship or vessel, coming or arriving from foreign parts, within the limits of the port of london, (halbe removed out of the stream, except to the lawful

Ss, before all the goods are discharged out of such ship or I; or if any ship or vessel, outward bound from the said port of London to any foreign parts, having any goods or merchandise on board thereon, shall, during her continuance in the said port be so removed out of the stream, except to the lawful quays, unless upon any accident or emergent occasion, immediately to be made known to the of or principal officers of his, Vot. XXXII Majesty's

272 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 48. [1779.

majesty's customs, and their consent for those respective purposes obtained 5 the matter, purser, or other person taking charge of every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the furo of one hundred pounds for each and every such respective offence; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster. Recital of an

IV. And whereas by an act oj parliament, made in the fourteenth aft4. Gto; 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and establishing public quays or wharves at Kingston upon Hull for the better securing his Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit of commerce ig the port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a basin or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads and other works, for the accommodation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain sums of money out of his Majesty's customs at the said port, for those purposes; for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston upon Hull; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no person whatsoever Jbdll have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted (except in the manner in the said act for that purpose mentioned) on board any ship or vessel within the haven, dock, or basin, by the said act directed to be made, in the said port of Kingston upon Hull, (the vessels employed as ferry boats only exceptedj, at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, after the hour of seven in the evening, and before the hour of seven in the morning \ nor at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, after the hour of eight in the evening, or before the hour of five in the morning, upon pain of forfeiting, for every offence, the sum of three pounds: and whereas, in order to prevent the clandestine running of cujlomable and prohibited goods from on board Ships or vessels in the night, it is absolutely necessary that the tidesmen, and other officers of his Majesty's ctffioms and excise, fiationed on board, and appointed to guard such vessels for the security of the public revenues, Jhmld have liberty to vfe lights, properly secured, during their stay on board. as occasion may require > The said act be lt t^erefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said not to extend recited act, or any part thereof, shall not extend, or be con jto restrain any strued to extend, to restrain or prohibit any officer or officers officer of the Gf his Majesty's customs or excise from using lighted candles on board any ship or vessel in the said haven, dock, or basin, in using lights such lanthorns, guarded or properly secured against accidents of on board any fire, as the collector of his Majesty's customs, and the collector vessel in the or other principal officer of excise, and the governor or chair isn^tonupon man dock company at the port of Kingston upon Hull,

Hull. P shall at any time think proper to direct and approve of for that purpose; nor shall any such officer or officers be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for having or keeping, or causing to behad

or

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.-

or kept, such lights, in lanthorns secured as aforesaid, on boarj such ship or vessel; anything in the said recited a to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to prevent abuses in the payment of wages to persons employed in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

WHEREAS the practice of paying persons employed in the Preamble making of bone and thread lace, in the whole or in pare with goods instead of money, is a great injury to the lace makers, and tends to the discouragement of the lace manufacture: and whereas it would tend to encourage the manufacture of bone and thread lacex if the persons employed therein were in future to be paid in money only, and if fotne provision was made for the more easy and speedy recovery of such money; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and Afterjune after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun >77$* al pfr' dred and seventy nine, all lace merchants and dealers in lace, e^i^any*and all other persons who shall employ any person or persons Ucc manutac in the making of bone or thread lace, or who shall buy any twers, or shall bone or thread lace of the maker or makers thereof, shall and purchase lace are hereby required to pay such person or persons for their la  them in bofcr, and for all the lace so bought of them, in money only, moneyt^nd and not with goods, or by way of truck, or in any other man not with ner whatsoever, either in the whole or in part, any usage or goods $ custom to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any lace on penalty of merchant or dealer in lace, or other person, shall, after the said 101* twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, pay any person or persons employed in making bone or thread lace, in the whole or in part, for their labour, or for the purchase of any bone or thread lace, with goods, or by way of truck, or in any other manner than with money only, every such l^ce merchant, dealer in lace, or other person, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant, under the rcfi* hand and seal of any one justice of the peace, within the county, city, or place, where such offence shall be committed; render the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such warrant, distress and sale; such forfeitures, when recovered, on failure of shall be paid to the party or parties aggrieved; and for want of distress, of sufficient distress, such justice shall, and is hereby authorised and fender to be required to commit the offender to the common gaol, prison, or comncutled* house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprizfe, for the space of six calender months, unless such penalty, and

T z the

How lace mikers may recover debts due to them for lace fold, or for making thereof.

Persons ag. grieved may appeal to the quarter lefli ons

on giving 14 days notice.

[Preamble.]

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. f 1779. the charges attending the recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied' '

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy nirfe, if any sum or sums of money shall be due and owing to any person or persons employed in the making of any bone or thread lace, for his or her labour, or for the purchase of any such lace, every such person shall and may apply to any justice of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the cause of complaint shall arise; and in case it shall, upon the oath of the party complaining, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to adir.inifter), appear to such justice that such money is due and owing as aforesaid, then stich justice shall and is hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be levied and recovered in the same manner as the forfeiture herein before imposed is directed to be levied and recovered.

IV. Provided always, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything done in purfudnee of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any such person to appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions to be hold fen for the county, city, or place, where the act, order, or proceeding, appealed against shall be made or done, within six calendar months next after the making or doing thereof, the person appealing first giving fourteert days previous notice to the person or persons in whose favour such act, order, or proceeding, shall be made or done, of his or her intention to bring such appeal; and the justices at such quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order therein, add to award such costs to either party, as they shall think proper, and by their order or warrant to levy the costs which shall be so awarded by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons liable to pay the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale; the determination of the justices in the said quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all the parties.

CAP. L

An act for more effectually preventing frauds by private difillers\ and for the better securing the duties on low wines and spirits.

WHEREAS the duties on low wines and spirits are greatly dimitiished, and the fair trader much injured, by means of smallfills privately made use offor making and difilling low wines and spirits; and whereas, notwithstanding the many laws already made for securing these duties, and for protecting the fair trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and indigent persons who are encouraged in such practises from the great length of time

allowed

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 50. 175

allowed by those laws for the payment of the duties arising from low wines and spirits; now, for remedy of these mischiefs, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every per, ^/verv4, son or persons making or keeping any wafti lit for distillation, pe?fbn make and having in his, her, or their occupation, possesslorr, or Custo ingwalhfor dy, any fttll or stills, the cubick contents of which, when the distillation; is on, will amount to two gallons or upwards, proof being h^poflvirion" thereof made, by the oath of one or more credible witness or a ftfti of the witnesses, before any one or more of the commissioners of excise cubick confer the time being, or before one or more of his Majesty's justi tents of two ces of the peace, who are hereby respectively empowered to administer the same, shall be deemed and taken to be common common dif distillers for sale, and shall be liable to the several rates and tiller, C duties of excise, and be subject to the survey of the officers of excise, and to the several penalties, fines and forfeitures, imposed by act or acts of parliament now in force, in any wise relate ing to distillers; any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas, by an act passed in the tenth and eleventh yeqrs Recital of to of the reign of King William the third, intituled An act to pro & 11 0lft 3> hibit the excessive distilling of spirits and low wines from corn, cap' and against the exporting of beer and ale, and to prevent frauds in distillers, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That if any officer of excise Should, under the authority of a warrant from a justice of the peace, discover and find any private and concealed fiill, backy or vessely spirits, low wines, or materials preparing for di'fiiu lotion, that in such case every such fiilly backy or other vessely and also such spirits, low winesy and materials for difi illation, Should be absolutely forfeited, and that the person or persons claiming the same Should forfeity for every place in which such fiilly backy or other vessel, Should be found, and also for every such fill, back, or other vejj'el, found therein the sum of two hundred pounds: and whereas by one other al, passed in the tenth and clrjenth years of the reign of King William the third, intituled An act for laying further duties up and cap.*on sweets; and for lessening the duties as well upon vinegar as upon certain low wines and whale fins, and the duties upon brandy imported; and for the more cafy raising the duties upon leather; and for charging cinders; and for permitting the importation of pearl ales; and for preventing abuses in the brewing of beer and ale, and frauds in the importation of tobacco; it was enacted, That the proprietor of any private fiilly back, or other vessely which Should be discovered, according to the directions of the before recited act, or the person in whose custody the same fiwuld be found, Should forfeit and lose, for every such fiilly back, and other vessely the sum of two hundred pounds: and whereas it may be doubted whether, upon the discovery and finding of private and con cededjlills, backs, and other vessels, and of spirits, low wines, or

T 3 materials,

Officer of CX

cile discovering any private (till, cor any mate

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1779.

materials, preparing for distillation, by any officer or officers of excise not having a warrant fr, m a justice of the peace, such private and concealed fills, backs, or aether vessels, spirits, lew wines, or materials preparing for dif illation, are forfeited, and liable to be seized by such officer, and whether thf proprietor of such private and concealed fills, backs, or other vessels, so discovered, or the persons in tvhofe cufody of possessibrt the same shall be found, are liable and fub jefi to the said penalty of two hundred pounds: now, to obviate all such doubfs, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise shall at any time discover and find any private or concealed dill, back, or other vessel, for the making, preparing, or keeping of wah, low wines, or rials preparing spirits, or other materials preparing for distillation, then, and for dill illation, in every such case, it shall be lawful for such officer to seize may seize the every such dill, back, or other vessel, and all Arch low wines, lame. spirits, wadi, and other materials, preparing for distillation,

which he shall so find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the same to the office of excise next to the place where he shall If the said dills so find and discover the same; and in case the same shall not, C be not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true claimed anc owner (hereof, then the said dills, backs, and other,

by the ovrner, vefl<ris, spirits, low wines wall, and other materials preparing the y shall be*for' distillation, shall be ibfolutely forfeited: and the proprietor forfeited j and of any such private and concealed back, dill, or other vessel, or t?ereofporcthe person m whose custody the same shall be found, shall for personinwhofe^and fe, for every place in which any such private dill, back, custody they and other vessel, shall be found, and also for every such dill, are found, shall back, and other vessel found therein, the sum of two hundred forfeitforeach p0unc]s: and if any person or persons shall obstruct, oppose, particu ar, molest, or hinder, the officers of excise, or others acting in their assistance, in the due seizing such private dills, backs, and other vessels, spirits, low wines, wah, or other materials preparing for distillation, or in removing the same, or any of them after seizure, to the next office of excise, as aforesaid; and in every such case, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, on thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no person or persons whatsoever shall be permitted to make entry of any workhouse or place, or of any dill or utensil for making, diddling, or keeping of low wines or spirits, unless such person or persons shall

cn

2, 00l. Penalty obstructing officers in seizing such (tills, C J

No person to make entry of any werk house or (till for making low wines or spirits un

occuhc ^tene 0ccl*py a tenement or tenements of the yearly value ot ten menfof ioc pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they, shall ac perann. and cordingly be assessed in their own name, and shall also pay to shall pay to the parish rates in the several parishes or places in which they, parish rate. ^ass respchvely reside; and that no entry of any workhouse, place, dill, or utensil, for tnaking, diddling, and keeping, of low wines and spirits, then made, or thereafter to be made, of any such workhouse, place, dill, or utensil, shall be of any avail

t9

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 50.77

to any person.not so qualified or for any longer time than the person or persons so making entry shall be qualified, as afore

aid; every person making or distilling low wines or spirits,

and not qualified as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding any entry

by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be persons

making and distilling low wines and spirits without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons

making and distilling low wines and spirits without entry are,

by the Statutes in such case made and provided, now subject unto.

IV And) for the more effectual securing the duties bn low wines Distiller to

end spirits, made and distilled within Great Britain, be it further weekly^of all enacted by (he authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the the walk nfed twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and by them in seventy nine, all and every person whatsoever, who shall make low

or distill low wines or spirits, shall, weekly and every week,

make a true entry in writing at the next office of excise, within p the limits of which the said low wines or spirits are by him or them respectively made or distilled, of all the wah by him, her, or them, respectively used for the making of low wines and spirits, within each week, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of making such true entry, the sum of ten pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Distillerj not That every distiller who shall not pay and clear off within a a week week after he, she, or they, shall have made his, her, or their after entry, entry, or ought to have made his, her, or their entry as afore to pay double, said, shall pay double the value of the duty.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Certain word That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every maker, distill wardd'oor^f Jer, redtifier, and compounder, of spirits, who shall make, every still distill, rectify, or compound, any spirituous liquors for sale with house, (tore, in Great Britain shall cause to be painted, in durable large legi house, C ble characters, over the outward door of each and every still

house, storehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place. by him, her, or them, respectively made use of for the making or keeping of british made spirituous liquors, the words dislillerx on forfeiture reflifiery or compounder ofspiritulus liquorj, (as the c3fe may be;,) of iqol upon pain of forfeiting, for every such stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall be so made use of by such maker, distiller, redtifier, or compounder, without having the

aid words so painted as aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Penalty on said, That if any person who shall either make, distill, rectify, buyingbritifo or compound, any british t made spirituous liquors for sale, or who shall sell or deal in any sort of spirituous liquors, shall re other^nan * ceive or buy, or procure or employ any person to receive or distiller, buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, any who has the british made spirituous liquors, (except at the public sales'of

4*8

painted over the outer door of his hill house. See, Exception,

Fisher buyer or seller informing against the other party, shall bedif # charged of his own penalty.

Penalty on persons, not having made entry of all the places used by them, who shall paint over any of fbeir doors the words di/liiler, rectifier. See,

All the powers, penalties, and forfeit tyres, C contained in former revenue laws, to be apjpfe} in collecting. levying, and recovering, the duties and penalties mentioned in this act.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0; [1779.

such british made spirituous liquors as have been condemned, and are sold under the direction of the commissioners of excite,) of any person or persons other than a maker, distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirituous liquors for sale, over the outward door of, whose stillhouse, (torehouse, warehouse, (bop, cellar, vault, or there place by him, her, or them, respectively made use of for the making or keeping of british made spirituous liquors, shall be painted as aforesaid, the words di/iiller y reliefer9 or compounder of spirituous liquors, as the case may be; every such person so offending shall forfeit and l#fe, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

VIII And) for the more effectual discovery of such offenders, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the offending party or parties, whether buyer or seller of such british made spirituous liquors, who shall first discover and inform against the other of the said parties, hall, in every such case, be, and he is hereby declared discharged and acquitted of and from all penalties and forfeitures, which, at the time of such information given, he might be liable for or by reason of such his own offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person whatever, other than such as shall have duly made entry of all the places by him, her, or them reflectively made use of for making or keeping of British made spirituous liquors, shall paint, or cause to be painted, over the door of any place to them respectively belonging, the words difliller, retllfitrx or compounder of spirituous liquors, or either of them, every pfcr son so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also be subject to the several penalties and forfeitures to which persons making or distilling spirituous liquors for sale, without making entry, are how subject unto.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fell and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by in act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue, upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying. Collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, "detecting, and punching, frauds relating thereto, (not otherwise altered by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, and imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties herein mentioned and directed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 51. 279

penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the body of this act.

Penalties and

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, forfeitures That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this all, j^d^nd* ihah be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, applied.*means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by altion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refoeltively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to he taken out by all persons letting horses to hire for travellings in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by time and upon certain carriages therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereigns

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled^ towards raisings by the most easy means, the necessary suppltes to defray your Majesty's publick expenses have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective duties herein afttr mentioned j and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou After Julyj9 sand seven hundred and seventy nine, there shall be raised, i77mh*?* levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Jo'bepaid to Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc his Majesty; ceflors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say,) neideluet* That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, in Great every post britain, who shall let to hire any horse for the purpose of tra matter. Sec, veiling post by the mile, or from stage to stage, or being a per "ho shall let son usually Jetting horses to hire, shall let to hire for a day, or f^travelling any less period of time, any horse for drawing any coach, cha post, for an*riot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling post, shall annual LI yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and iuccef cence, 5l. fors, the sum of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose; every person that for and in respect of every horse hired by the mile or stage hiring horses, to be used in travelling post, in Great Britain, there be charged to uaveijk>tt a duty of one penny for every mile such horse shall be hired to cachthorse, travel post; and that for and in respect of every horse hired for, </, per mile 

a

2 So

or i j.per day, where the distance shall not be ascertained;

every person keeping a diligence, poll coach, or other four wheeled carriage, for carrying only four inuae passengers, for hire, shall pay annually 5l. for a licence j

and shall also pay one halfpenny for every mile such carriage shall travel.

The said duties to be under the management of the commissioners for the stamp duties.

Penalty on persons letting out horses to travel poll without a licence.

Any two commissioners of

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 51. [1779.

a day, or any less period of time, for drawing, on a pod or other public road, any coach, chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling post, there shall b charged, if the distance shall be then ascertained, the sum of one penny per mile, and if, the distance shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the sum of twelvepence for and in respect of each horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person or persons by whom such horse shall be hired; that every person who shall keep any four wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a diligence or pofl coculi, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside thereof any number of passengers, not exceeding four, for hire, to and from stage to stage, or from place to place, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose; that every four wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a diligence or pcjl coach, or by what name soever such carriages now are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside thereof any number of paflfengers, not exceeding four, for hire, to and from stage to stage, or from place to place, shall be charged with a duty of one halfpenny per mile such carriage shall travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and for the better and more'effectual raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said rates and duties hereinbefore grantevl, the same shah be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such (alarica and incident charges, as shall be necessary; to provide and use such marks or stamps as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there shall be occasion; and to do all other alts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with, relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be authorised and enabled in the manner herein after prescribed, let out any horse for hire, either by the mile or stage, or to draw any coach, chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling post, for a day, or any less period of time, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1.

That, from and after the passing of this act, any two or more the stamp duros his Majesty's commissioners appointed for managing the du t, e*or.^rr*1 ties arising by starrvp9 on vellum, parchment, or paper, or somebem. may*person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such grant licences persons who shall apply for the same, to let out horses for hire, for letting out in manner aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place, within horses to hire "Britain, for the spaee of one year, to commence from the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after, the said fifth day of Jufy> one thousand seven hunched and seventy nine, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all and every person or persons who shall take out such licence for letting out horses for hire in manner aforesaid,

shall take out a fresh licence for another year ten days at the least before the expiration of that year for which he, she, or they shall be so licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to let out horses for hire, in manner aforesaid, and shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective Turns due for such licences, as long as he, she, or they shall continue to let out horses for hire, in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Noperfbnte That ho postmaster, innkeeper, or other person whatsoever, oneinn licensed or to be licenljpd by authority of this act, shall, by virtue C for letting of one licence, keep more than one inn, house, or other place, horsei, by vir for letting horses for the purposes aforesaid; for each and tueqf onc every inn, house, or other place, which any postmaster, inn concc keeper, or other person, shall keep for the purposes aforesaid,

a separate and distinct licence shall be taken out, and paid for, by such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Licensed inn every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed to let keepers, See. horses as herein before mentioned, shall cause the words licensed^Voto let post horses, to be painted or written, in legible characters, be painted on either on a sign hung out, or in some visible place in the front the front of of his, her, or their house, stables, or out offices, at the respect their house, tive places at which northeast, she, or they let out horses to hire, as fh^tlhorfes aforesaid, to denote that such postmaster, innkeeper, or other for hire person, is a letter or furnisher of post horses, and authorised to

furnish travellers with the same pursuant to law; and if any on penalty of postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, 5^ shall presume to let out horses for hire as herein before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed

as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they, furnrfh his, her, or their to travel own chaises, or other carriages, at the same time with suchhor shall affix their fes let to hire to travel past as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause and f to there p ac

aa Anno decimo nono Georgii III. ^r54. [1779.

abode, on to be markod or painted, upon Tome conspicuous part of the tome conspi chaise, or other earn age so furnished, his, her, or their christian thereo?^1 ad surname nd the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in plain and legible characters, and continue the same thereupon, so long as such chaise or carriage shall be soused; and if any person or persons shall neglect the same, or mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, any false or fictitious name, or place of abode, on such chaise or other car on penalty of riage, he or she shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of 51* five pounds.

Commission

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cnof the That the said of appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, mall, at the to every persont, mc f ifltfhig such licence as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be taking out a delivered, to every postmaster, innkeeper, 'or other person so to licence, printed be licensed, printed or written papers, intituled, stamp offictwttbf or written pa acf0uftf. in which shall be inserted the day of the week, and pe, left for the number of horses and miles, and for the day

jof thp month, and the names of the postillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after directed, according to the following form, or such other form as the said of shall judge convenient for keeping such accounts t

Stamp!

by

stamp office weekly account.

A.

of C

m

o

0

01

O

C

0

8

o

C

C

o

tv

Month

and

Day.

Week

and

Day.

Sunday

Monday

Tuesday

Wednesday

Thursday

Friday

Saturday

Names of Postillions or Drivers.

A.B.

No. of

Horses. Miles.

Horset. Miles

C D.

N. of

Horses.

E. F.

No. of

Miles.

G. H.

N. of

Horses. Miles

J.K.

No. of

Horses.

Miles.

L.M.

N. of

Duty.

Horses. Miles

284 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. [1779.

and also cer and shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a number of tain tickets, tickets, on which Hull be printed or written, if for an innkeeper, the name of the (ign or house, if not an innkeeper, then, in Jieti thereof, his, her, or their name or names; and also on such tickets shall be inserted the name of the city, town, or place, where suck licensed person or persons reside j and also the words horses, Tf 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, n figures, as the tickets may be intended 0 de note the numbers; and likewise the words miles, except where the horses are let to hire for a day, or any less period of time,

and then, instead of the word miles, the words far a day, (had

be inferied, together with the words lamp office or some aether mark or (lamp sufficient to ascertain that such ticket was issued from the lamp office, and shall take especial care that all persons so licensed shall be sufficiently furnished with such account Penalt on anc t*c^ccts } anc m any ccr employed in the execution

officer/mak f this n relation to the said rates and duties, shall refuse or

ing default, neglect to do or perform any matter or thing by this at required or directed to be done or^perfotmed by him, whereby any nf his Majesty's subjects shall or may sustain any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall be liable, in any action to be founded on this statute, to answer to the party grteved ah sech damages, with treble costs of suit.

Poilmasters, vili. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore con receiv said, That each and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person ingtbeirfirst f0 licensed to let horses for the purposes aforesaid, shall, at thae rivefccurity me receiving his, her or their first licence, give security, by for the redeli bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of very of tickets fifty pounds, with a condition that he, she, or they will, when unaccounted cvcr thereunto required, redeliver, or cause to be redelivered the or, C lamp office tickets which he, she, or they, may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them; and that he, she, or they, will also deliver to the person or persons (properly authorised by the of appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, to inspect the same, and to receive^the money due thereon) the lamp officeaccount fodelivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid faithfully made out, filled up, signed, and attested, as herein after directed, and make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance, and according to the true intent and meaning of this al; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of thejionpeiform ance or breach of such condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or the persons so appointed by them, to cause each and every suchjbond to be profoeuted according to law; and in case of judgement against the defendant, the said of may, if they shall think, sir, refuse to grant to such person, against whom such judgement shall be obtained, any licences to let horses as aforesaid in future.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, licensed as aforesaid, who shall let horses to hire by the mile or stage, to be used in travelling post, shall, by themselves or servants, previous to the using such horse or horses, ak, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons firing the same, the sum of one penny per mile, for each mile such horse shall be so hired to travel, at and after the rate or number of miles which he, she, or they shall charge such traveller or travellers for the stage or distance such horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the same time he or she receives payment of the duty for such horse or horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or persons hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp office tickets herein before mentioned, as occasion shall require, and to which such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to be added, in words or figures, the the month and day of he month, and the number of miles for which such horse or horses are so hired: and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall neglect to ak, demand, and receive, the said duty of one penny^mile from such person or persons hiring such horse or horses, or shall negleist or refuse to deliver such ticket or tickets, as herein before directed, to such person or persons so hiring the horses as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if he, she, or they, had actually received the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every traveller or travellers, to whom such ticket shall be delivered as aforesaid, who shall pass through any turnpike, shall, at the first turnpike through which he, she, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, she, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said tollgatherer is hereby directed to receive and file; and if any traveller or travellers so going post as aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such ticket or tickets, or shall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, he, she, or they shall, before such horses be permitted to pass such toll gate, pay for every horse hired and used by such travellers or traveller, the sum of one shilling and sixpence, which the gate keeper is hereby authorised to ask and demand, and not permit such horses to pass till he, she, or they shall have paid the same, or produced such ticket or tickets as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person Ecensed as aforesaid, who shall let to hire any horse or horses by the day, or less period of time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or servants, previous toi such horse or horses being used,

4 o ask,

285

Post masters, Sec. letting out horses to travel pott, shall receive, for the use of his Majesty, of the persons hiring the same, i d. fof every mile each horse is to travel;

and shall deliver to them flattop office ticktts properly filled up.

Penalty on neglect thereof.

Travellers to deliver their tickets at the fit ft turnpike they shall pass through

Penalty on neglect.

Postmaftess,

See. letting out'horses to travel by the day, See. shall receive, for the use of hu

286 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. [1779.

Majesty, of ask, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs h^rin^the* an ^uct^ors* f an from the person or persons hiring the

i^jlfor every faoac* the fom of one penny per mile for each mile such horse

mile each or horses shall be so hired to go, where the difiance shall be

horse is to then ascertained, and where the difiance shall not be then af

travel; or is. certained, then the sum of twelve pence for each horse so hired, whe^thedif prcv*ous to such horse or horses being used; and shall, at the tance shall not same time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person so be ascertained; hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the lamp office and shall de tickets herein before mentioned, with the words for a day inliver to them ferted thereon, as occasion shall require, and to which any ?kketero r pma^cr5 innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to aided, in words or figures, the month, and day of the month; and in case such horse or horses shall be hired to return the same day with the same carriage, and any person or persons therein by or for whom such horse or horses are so hired, then Penalty on the words To return; and if any pofiraafier, innkeeper, or other postmaster, person, shall negledi to ak, demand, and receive, the said C for neg. duty of one penny per mile, or twelve pence, as the case may e*happen to be, from such person or persons hiring such horse or horses, or neglect or refuse to deliver such ticket or tickets, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if he, (lie, or they had actually received the same.

Enumeration

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ot particulars fai()9 That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person soli by postmaf*conkd to Jet horses as aforesaid, shall insert in the account tct$r&c. in herein before specified so delivered to him, her, or them, from the account to the lamp office, the number of horses used in travelling post, be delivered an(j the number of miles for which such horses shall have been <mubp e.*k a the number of horses let to hire for a day, or any r " less period of time, and the day of the month on which the same were used, together with the names of the postillions or drivers employed; which said account shall be signed by such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, ?nd witnessed by the hostler or other servant employed in preparing and getting ready such horses, and shall be open, when required, 'to the inspection of any person or persons duly authorised, under the hands and seals of the said of At what times for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and Scented per paper, to inspell the same; and such postmaster, innkeeper, or f>n#re^d, lls other person, so licensed as aforesaid, residing in the city of westmiiser^ Linden or liberty of wejhmnfterj shall, the tirft Tuesday or wed or within five ftefiay in every month, and such other persons so licensed as nailet thereof, aforesaid, residing within five miles of the city of London or or in the bills liberty of Westminster^ or within the bills of mortality, shall, jhaumtut' lhc lhurfiay or Friday in every month, or at such other their tn times as may be appointed by the said of, on -. public

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. 387

public notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the at the stamp of, or to the person or persons appointed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the head office, the accounts herein before directed for the four weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such day of delivery, and shall, within eight days thereafter, pay such sum and sums of money which shall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the timq, being for collecting the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the head office in lincoln's Inn or wherever else the same may be held, upon pain of forfeiting ten pounds for every default in not delivering in such account, and double the amount of the money so due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every postmaster, Where and innkeeper, or ocher person so licensed as aforesaid, not residing whenlicensed within che cities of London or Westminster, or within five milts P

of the same, or within the bills of mortality, shall, at all such of Peking*and places to be appointed for that purposeas herein afer dom shall de mentioned, produce and deliver the accounts herein before di liver heir ac redted for the weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such de cunt*&c* livery, and then unaccounted for, to the person or persons duly authorised, by commission under the hands and seals of three of the said of for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to receive such accounts, and ihe money due thereon, and at the same time pay to such person or persons all sum and sums of money which shall appear to be due upon such accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for every default in not delivering such. accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties for the nonpayment thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All tickets That all and every'ticket delivered from the stamp office, that paving the shall appear with the number of miles expj*e(ted therein, either

in words or figures, shall be deemed a ticket upon which the ch/rem* duty has been received, and shall be accounted and paid for bjr flu 11 be ac the postmaster innkeeper, or other person, according to such cordingly paid number ofhorfe^and miles marked thereon, at and after the rateorabytbe aforesaid'.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Penalty on said, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, soli

confed as aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful concea] endeavour*mentor making false accounts, or any other fraudulent con defraud bii trivance, device, or pretence whatsoever, with an intent or de Majestyo* the sign to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the

rates or duties imposed by this id, or any part thereof, fych*

postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein after directed \ Vot. XXXII U the

i88 Anno decimo nono (2eorgii lit C 51. f 177^.

the said of shall d may, if they shall so think fit after judgement obtained against such offender, refuse to grant to such offender 'any licence in future.

Every pod

XVI. And in order to prevent the evading the payment of the du matter, See. ties hereby granted, by permitting carriages conveying persons pofl to who shall take frg drawn by horses which have paid the duty for the Jlage, under the horses travel Preterice f fuc^ horses being upon the return home; be it further en*ling port shall acted by the authority aforesaid, That every postmaster, inn be accountable keeper, or other person, who shall take the hire for such horses for the duty, by the mile, or from stage Co stage, shall be considered as the person to whom the duties herein before granted shall be paid, and shall be chargeable with and accountable for the same, as if such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, was the actual proprietor of such horses, although the same may belong to, and be the property of, any other licensed postmaster, innkeeper, or other person.

No postmaster, XVII And, in order to prevent evading the payment of the ducat whole ties hereby granted upon horses hired by the mile or Jlage, under pre house any fence of the letting such horses for a day, or anfless period of time, be travrllei flnli jt cnaecj by the authority aforesaid, That no postmaster, inn ftiallfctthem* keeper/or other person, at whose inn, house, or other place anyorherwife kept for letting horses to hire, any traveller or travellers shall than by the change horses, shall let to hire any horse or horses, to such tra mile or stage. veller or travellers, in any other manner than by the mile or stage; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall act contrary hereto, he, she, or they, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered as here in after mentioned.

Receiver ge XVIII And, in compensation for the trouble every toll gate keeper neral of the may have in and about the execution of this afi, and for an encourage stamp duties ment f0 discover and detefl frauds that may he committed against the toft1patet0the w he ft enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said keepers ioj. receiver-general at the head office, and the said other collectors where the du shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to ties on tickets p3y to the respective toll gate keepers, who shall deliver, as themxall^ herein after mentioned, tickets by him or her received at such amount to respecth e gates, the sum of ten Shillings, where the duties upon iool. See. such tickets shall amount to one hundred pounds; and at and after that rate for tickets where the duties thereon shall amount

to any greater or less sum than one hundred pounds, and also allow such toll gate keeper to retain the money collected by him from such traveller or travellers who shall not, pursuant to this act, have delivered tickets to such toll gate keeper as aforesaid. Where and

XIX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, when the toll That all and every toll gate keeper shall, for the compensation - brm^ftie an a^owance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the tickets tickets! C hereinbefore mentioned by him or her received, if Within five miles of London, then to the head office there, or to such other place within the bills of mortality as the of shall appoint; and if beyond the distance of five miles from London then to such places, and at such times, as the collector appoint u ed

a 89

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 51.

CD to collect such durics hall require, and deliver up, or cause to, be delivered uj), such tickets to the receiver-general or col le&or to be appointed as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority 2fprqsaid, Penalty on That all and every toll gdte keeper who shall have received to, L gftcjjcfp* such stamp office tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or deiive^up cause to be brought, such tickets, at the times and places afore ticketsoudc said, shall, upon demand made at the gate of such turnpike, demand.

liver such tickets to the collector to be appointed by the said of for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, as aforesaid $ if any toll gate keeper shall refuse to dtliver up all and every such stamp office tickets, so received by him or her, upon such demand as aforesaid, every toll gate keeper shall, for each ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the sum of live Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Where post that all and every, postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so m*fr,f licensed as aforesaid, not redding in the cities of London and^|fs^to Westminster^ nor within the bills of mortality, shall at the times mortality, are and at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the first licence to attend and granted to him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, paf*their ac and afterwards at the foot of every receipt which shall be given counu

by the collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the said duties attend, and there deliver in and pass his account, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, to the collector so appointed to collect the same: provided that no such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the payment of the said duties, or other causes whqt soever touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he, she, or they live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town nearest to his, her, or their habitation.

XXII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any horses uled in hackney coaches, Thisa& not licensed pursuant to several acts of parliament made for that e*lenj? purpose; nor td any horse or horses used in the drawing of any hackney*chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage, used rn travel coaches, cling port, where such horse or horses shall be hired to return before twelve of the clock at night of the same day with the same carriage, and any person or persons therein by or for whom such

horse or horses were hired, and shall actually return accordingly.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Al! horses authority aforesaid, That every horse hired by the mile, or stage, biied by the shall be deemed to be hired to travel post, within the true intent [jjaii b^diem and meaning of this acts, although the person or persons hiring cf hired to"*the same do not go or travel several stages upon a post road, or travel post. change horses; and although at the stage or place at or to which

U 2 such.

by

go Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. [1779.

such horse shall be hired there shall not be any post house; and although there shall not be any pod settled or established on the road, or awy part thereof, upon which such horse shall be hired, to go; anything herein before contained, or any law or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ou the death That if any podmaster, innkeeper, or other person, licensed to pott, malt?r'lt" horses in manner, aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be See. hu execu lawful for his or her executors, administrators, or other persons tors&c shall succeeding to such inn, house, or other place, to let horses to not be liable hire in manner aforesaid, until such time as such person shall fohenin*Procure fuc^ licence, and give such security as hrrein before lurie^ to hire, directed without being liable to the penalty herein before provided they inflicted upon the persons letting horses to, hire without being take out a LI licensed in that behalf, provided such licence be taken out withm after days aler death f such pod mader, inpkeeper, or

hi death. other person; such person or persons shall be subject to the same rules, regulations, and charges, and liable to account, and to the payment of the same rates and duties hereby imposed, as such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, was subject and liable to.

No person

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall let out #, That, from and after the fifth day of one thousand seven ddigence^or hundred and seventynine, no person who shall keep any four, poit coach, wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a diligence Scc. without a or post coach, or by what name soever such carriage or carriages licence, now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the purpose of conveying, in the inside thereof, any number of passengers, not exceeding four, for hire, from dage to dage, or from place to place, shall let out the same for such purpose, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the said com - for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parch

5*)1. for each ment and paper, for that purpose, upon pain to forfeit, for every chance. time such machine shall be soused, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Commission

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, era ot stamp That, from and after the passing of this act, any two or more fucithcefr es 0^, Majesty's of appointed for managing the du to ait persons les arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or pap6r* or some who fliitl np person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences, under their ply for them, hands and seals, to any person or persons who shall apply for the same, to let out for hire any such diligence, or other carriage, for the purpose aforesaid, for the space of one year, to " commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, to commence from the day of the date of such licence; which said licence shall be renewed at lead ten days previous to the expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if he person or persons so licensed (hair continue

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. 291

to let out for hire fych machine, diligence, or carriage, as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, in the same manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licence, and so yearly and every, year, as long as he,

(he, or they shall continue to let such diligence, or other carriage, in manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore non di said. That no person or persons, folicensed to let out diligences,

or other carriages, in manner aforesaid, shall, by virtue of one virtueot one. licence, keip more than one diligence, or other carriage, for the licence, purpose aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority afore Ail licensed

said. That all and every person or persons, so licensed to ufeany northeast happeninjr diligence or carriage as aforesaid, to and from stage to stage, or for every mile* from place to place, shall pay to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc their dili ceflfors, the sum of one halfpenny for every mile every such carry riage or carriages shall be soused or travel, as aforesaid shall travel 1

XXIX. And, it is hereby further enacted by the authority and shall de aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, so licensed to c*arc> wh?n use such diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, shallr at the jj*? lichee time of receiving such licence, declare from what place, and ro to and from' what place, such diligence, or other carriage, 'is intended to be what place used, distinguishing the di(lance or number of miles between lt*intended the two extreme towns or other places such diligence or other andhowolten. carriage is to go, and the number of journeys ach such diligence or carriage is so intended to be used, either in the day or

in the week, as the case may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such licence; and all and every person or persons, so licensed for such purpose as aforesaid, (hill give fecuiity, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of twenty pounds, with a condition for the faithful accounting for and paying such sums as may be due for the journeys such diligence or other carriages may have so made.

XXX. And, in regard it may be difficult to afeerffin the number Discretionary

of times such licensed diligences, or other carriages, making/hortf ages commtffi

about London, may go in a day, it is hereby provided and enact oner iciative CD That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or to diligence, the major part of them, or such officers as they shall appoint in C passing that behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to make such allowances as shall appear to be just to any person or miles of lon persons licensed to use any diligence, or other carriage, as afore don.

said, to go from and to return to London, where the distance dots not exceed twelve measured miles, upon oath made by the owner of such diligence, or other carriage, before the said of, or the major part of them, or such officers so to be appointed, as to the number of journeys actually made in a day by such diligence or other carriage, where the same shall differ from the number expressed in such licences; which, oath the said commissioners are hereby required to administer, and to examine into all the circumstances relative to the number of jour nies so n?adfc by such diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid,

U 3 any

The name of the owner of every dill*gence, Scc. to be painted on

Where and

when the da tes anting fioii* diti gences. See. nail be paid.

292 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. [1779.

anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

'. the said of, or the major part of them, are hereby

empowered to make such regulations, with respect to such diligences, or other carriages, where such allowances are applied for, as they shall, from time to time, find necessary, as well for the effectual lecpring the duties on such diligences, or other carriages, as doing justice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

xxxl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons so licensed tp use every such carriage as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside pannel of each door, before rh/outside oath, (he, or they shall use the same for the purpose aforesaid, his, each door. her, or their christian and surname, mentioning the place from whence they set out, and to which they are going, in plain and legible characters; and every proprietor of every such diligence or other carriage as aforesaid licensed to go from London to any other place, or from any other place to London; shall, on the first Monday in every month, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in the afternoon, unless the same be an holiday, and then on the next day not being an holiday, clear the said duties charged and become due by virtue of this al, by paying the same to the receiver-general of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for collecting the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the head office in Lincoln's Inv or wherever*else the same be held; and if such proprietor or proprietors (Kail

be licensed from any town in the country to any other town than London, then such proprietor or proprietorsshall clear the said duties, by paying the same to the person duly authorised, by pommission under the hands and seals of three of his Majesty's of of the lamp duties, to receive the same, under the penalty of ten pounds,

Licensed pro

XXXII. Provided always, That every such licensed proprie prictor of any for or proprietors of any diligence; brother carriage as afore^to ^vecsevenc wo iay down and discorrfinue the use of the same, days notice shall 6, vc notice, in writing, seven days at lead before he, (lie,

'- or they shall laydown or discontinue such diligence or other carriage, and shall have such notice endorsed upon the back of such his, her, or their licence or licences, or upon tyre bond so to be given as aforesaid, and from thencefortu, on payment of all arrears, shall be no longer charged or chargeable for or in respect of such diligence or other carriage,

XXXIII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said receiver-general at the head office, and the uvui oth^r collectors duly appointed to receive the duties hereby oi the'inopies'mposed, shall make an allowance to the sevenl pofttnafters, to be account innkeepers, or other persons licensed as aforesaid, and they shall ed for and be entitled respectively to deducl for their own gfe, at and after paid by them, the rate Of threepence ift the pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general or other collcclor, according to the directions herein before contained. Penalty on

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

before be discontinue

the tame.

Postmaster*,

See. to be allowed din the pound out

?d by

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 1. 293

said, That if any person ftnll falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, forging any or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or assist in the false making, forging, or counter e

feiting, any ticket, by this act authorised or directed to be used, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged or counterfeited ticker, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein before directed and declared.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Pecuniary

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, amounting to mountin to twenty pounds or more, shall be divided and distributed, to go one wit, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, half to his and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to such Majesty, and person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any ^f^mer of his Majesty's courts at Westminster^or offences committed in '

England, ivalts^ or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's

court of session, court of judiciary,or court of exchequer, in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Two justices authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for my deter any two or more justices of the peace, residing near the place aeainst where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine this atffif the any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any penalty does pecuniary penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; which said notexceedio/. justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information fexhibited, or complaint made, in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party, shall proceed to the examination of the matter offad; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession.of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue*out thfeir warrants, under their hands and seals, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged, on the goods of the offender, apd to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficiem to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain until such pecuniary penalty shall be paid and satisfied; if either party shall find himself ag Persons aggrieved by the judgement of the said justices, then he or they my

shall or may, upon giving security to the amount of the value ^ar^rfef C of the penalties and forfeitures (p awarded by such two justices, don. appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for that county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered

Justictt may mitigate the pena ties.

Jtecever? general of liamp d itiei to pay thejunet granted by this act into the exchequer.

Auditor to keep a lepa tate account thereof.

Psrt of an act of9 Ann repealed.

Persons fupd for anything done in pur

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 51. [1779.

to summon and examine witnesses, upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same and in case of convicti on, to issue warrants for levying the penalties as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be % lawful to and for the said respective justices, where they shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce th penalties to lei's than double the duties over and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein befoce granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such imnner, as the duties, now charged on stamped vellum, parchment or paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a booh or books, in fohich all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, lo paid into the said re cept of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for roifing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for efia bushing a lottery.)

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled. An act for establishing a general post office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's octaftons, )' as restrains any peaons, other than the postmaifler general for the time being, and the respective deputies and substitutes of such postmaster general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furnishing horses or furniture for riding pod within this kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

XL and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be (ued, molested, or prosecutea, for anything by*hio> or them dane: qr-

executed

executed in pursuance of this at, or of any clause, matter, or fuance of this thing, herein contained, such per Tonne or persons shall and may at, may plead plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence general for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass anctrecover for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be trc^\c costs; nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall Have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff'or or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An act for taking off the duty upon all salt used in the curing of pilchards, and laying a proportionable duty upon all pilchards consumed at home only.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an ab of parliament, passed in the fifth

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the firsty intituled An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery Recital of an in foreign parts, and for better securing the duties on faity pitch 5gco*ards cured for exportation are exempted from the payment of any duty on salt to his Majesty, except the customs payable on the importation thereof: And whereas of late times the pilchard fishery hath been so much increased, that the demands of foreign markets have been found insufficient to take off and vend the quantities of pilchards cured at a price adequate to encourage and preservt a fishery so valuable: And whereas, upon a serious view and invejiigation of the state of the said fishery, there is reason to hope that the same may be preserved, and carried on in its full extent, if under proper regulations, a reasonable abatement were made in the duty on salt used in the curing of all such pilchards as may be appropriated for home consumption; be ^tcf it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by 1?79i duties and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem on laic used in poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and pifeh by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day conrumptiorte of ytf/y, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the to ceat?  # duties now payable on salt used in curing of pilchards for home consumption, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That New oath to at the beginning of every fishing season for pilchards, the probe taken by prietor or proprietors of the salt delivered duty free for the cur the proprie ing of pilchards for exportation, pursuant to the said affor his fors ( or their agent or agents, shall, instead of the oath required by the fat the'be said act, make oath in writing, before the officer for the duty ginning of the on salt, at the office nearest to the place where the salt is lodged, tithing (eafon (who is hereby empowered to administer the same,) declaring tw pilchard the quantity of the foreign or British salt respectively lodged for the curing of fish, and that all the said salt is intended for the curing of lish for exportatiorvonly, and shall not, by his or their order, consent, or connivance, directly or indirectly, be sold, given away, or any way delivered, but for the purpose aforesaid, except so much thereof as shall be used for curing such pilch .* arda

*96 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 52. [1779.

ards as shall be entered with the office of the place for born cott fomption, and charged with the duties by this al chargeable thereon.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every curer of pilchards, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, before lie removes any pilchards (except for exportation) from the office, cellar, or place, where the same shall be cured, shall, from time to time, make entry thereof at the next salt office; and shall pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of five Shillings and twopence halfpenny for every cask or barrel, containing fifty gallons of cured pilchards, Co to be removed, and foin proportion for a greater or Icfs quantity, in lieu and full satisfaction of any other duty imposed or laid on British or foreign salt, to his Majesty, in respect of pilchards cured as aforesaid, for home consumption; and that no such curer shall fell a less quantity than twenty-five gallons of pilchards at any one time; and that such pilchards shall be packed or pat up in casks, each cask not containing less than twenty-five galions, and the contents of such cask shall be marked on the heads thereof, by the proper officer of the commissioners of the salt duties; and upon entry and payment of the duty, and marking such casks as aforesaid, a permit shall be given gratis by the salt officer, expressing the contents of the calks for the which the duty shall be paid, as aforesaid, and the marks of such casks, and for what place the same are intended, and whether to be sent by land or water carriage; on pain of forfeiting all the pilchards that shall be sold in less quantities than herein before mentioned, or that shall be removed or carried away before entry is made, and the duty paid, and without the casks containing such quantity of pilchards at the Jeast, and being marked, and such permit obtained as aforesaid, and of the cask or vessel in which such pilchards shall be found, and also the sum of forty Shillings for every twenty-five gallons of pilchards so sold or removed, and foin proportion for9greater or less quantity, to be recovered from the perfo* of persons who shall so fell, remove, or carry away, the same; one moiety thereof for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall seize, foe, or inform for the same, to be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any law of excise, or by ai tn of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any "of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster 5 and all and every officer and officers bf his Majesty's custoitis, excise, or duties upon salt, are hereby authorised and empowered to seize all such pilchards so sold in less quantities than herein before mentioned, or removed or carried away before entry and payment of dujy, and all other things performed as aforesaid, and the said casks or vessels wherein they shall be found.

Retailer of IV be it further enacted, That no person or persons pilchards not'purcha

Pilehards for born consumption to be entered at the next salt flke; and a duty Of 5 s.td. halfpenny to be paid for very cask of go gallons.

No curer to sell less than5 gahons at a time.

On entry and payment of the duty,

Capermit to be given gratis by the jalt officer.

Penalty on selling in less quantities than abovementioned, Q.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 53. 297

purchasing pilchards to sell by retail shall, at any one time, buy to buy left a less quantity than twenty-five galions, and (bail also be ob than25gal liged, upon demand, or inquiry made of him or them for that purpose, by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in discover the some reasonable time of the day, to discover to such officer or names of the officers the name or names; and place or places of abode, of the curers curer or vendor of any quantity or quantities of pilchards then in his possession; and that if any such retailer shall purchase a less Penalty quantity of pilchards than is before mentioned, or shall, upon such demand or inquiry, refuse to discover the name and place. of abode of any such curer or vendor, every person so offending shall, in each case, forfeit the quantity or quantities of pilchards so purchased, or respecting which such demand or inquiry shall be made, and the cask or casks (if any) wherein the lame shall be contained, and also the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered by the ways or means, and in manner herein before mentioned or directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proprietor or pro Proprietors of prietors of the salt delivered duty see for curing pilchards for feltdefi*cred exportation, his, her, or their agent or agents, shall in the ac curtne^tlch^ count which, after the end of every filing season, they are to ardsforex" deliver in writing into the salt office, containing the quantity of port at ion, are, fish exported, or entered and shipped to be exported on which ln their ac the salt'taken away, after its delivery into the foie custody of the ^"ofvhe1* said proprietor or proprietors, his, her, or their agent or agents, season, to ex has been used or consumed, as by the former law is directed, prefsthe (and under the penalties thereby prescribed,) express also the quantity en quantity of pilchards entered for home consumption, on which jf0r^fc^, rn. such salt has been used or consumed. fumption, "ort

Vf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case which such the duties of excise on salt (which now amount to three fak ha been Shillings and fourpence per bushel on homemade salt, and six "fed*

Shillings and eight pence per bushel on foreign salt,) or any of salt

them, shall cease, determine, or be redeemed by parliament, Should be lelt* then the rate or duty of five Shillings and twopence halfpenny ened, then for every cask or barrel, containing fifty galions, hereby impok the aforesaid ed upon cured pilchards for home consumption, shall cease, or be letfened in proportion to the duties on salt that shall so cease, te iefiened in determine, or be redeemed; anything herein contained to the proportion.'contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIII.

An act for difeent inning the duties on cotton wool, the growth and product of the British colonies or plantations in America, exported

from this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of cotton wool, the growth and

product of the British colonies and plantations in America, may he increased, and the manufacture thereof promoted and encouraged,

'if the duties now payable on the exportation thereof from this kingdom are discontinued; be it therefore enacted by the king's mod

excel]

After June 14., 1779* the du tie on the exportation of cotton wool, the growth of the #ritish colonies in America, shall cease.

The aforesaid cotton wool to be duly entered, and Hr pped in the pretence'of proper officers, cor otherwise liable to the duty.

[Preamble.]

16 Geo. 3. cap.4j, ie cited.

and further continued dll July 1, 1779.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. [1779.

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the duties now payable upon cotton wool, the growth or produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, exported from this kingdom to any parts beyond the seas, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, custom, or usage, tf> the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That due entries shall be made at the custom house of all such cotton wool, in the same manner and form, expressing the quantities and qualities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this act; and such cotton wool fhs*h be shipped outwards in the presence of the proper officers of the customs appointed for that purpose; and the exportation thereof shall be in british-bu\\t ships or vessels, navigated according to law; and on failure of the said conditions and directions, or any or either of them, the said cotton wool shall be liable to the same duty as if this act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwittistand ing.

CAP. LIV.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act, made in the fxteenth year of the rfign of fais present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by haid labour, of offenders who, for certain criqies, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the fxteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations: And whereas the said at was continued, by an act made in the last fist on of parliament, until the fir (I day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine: and whereas it is expedient further to continue the said first mentioned act for a further time to be limited; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and is hereby further continued from the said first day of June, until the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine. f

CAP. LV.

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.*

WHEREAS certain acts may hate been made and faffed in this present fejfum of parliament, appointing the first meetings of the commijflonirs or trustees for putting such acts in execution upon certain days, which have elapsed before, or, happened ufcn % the respective days of passing such acts, and doubts may arifey whether in such cases the of or trustees appointed in and by such acts are authorised to meet and carry such acts into execution; may k therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any act or acts of parliament hath or have passed during this present session of parliament, and the of or trustees for putting such act or acts in execution shall not have met and held their first meetings on the respective days appointed by such acts respectively, oc shall have met and held any meetings without sufficient authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such of or trustees, or such number of them as by such acts are authorised to meet and to pgt such acts in execution, to meet and proceed in the execution of such acts respectively, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this present session of parliament; and all such meetings so had, shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the of or trustees had met and proceeded to put such acts in execution on the days appointed in and by such respective acts, or as if they had been authorised by such respective acts to have held meetings on the days on which any meetings may have been already held, as aforesaid; all acts, matters, and things, which shall be done by such of or trustees in the execution of such acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if their first meetings had been held on the days appointed by such acts respectively, or as if they had been authorised by such respective acts to have held meetings on the days on which any meetings may have been already held as aforesaid.

[Preamble.]

If the commissioners or trustees ip pointed to execute anj act of this session, shall not have met as therein appointed, See. they may meet on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this fed!on.

CAP. LVI.

An act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an act made in the fiventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as audlioneers;

a and

Q

Anno decimo nono gfeoftgit IIL c. 56.

[1^79;

And certain rates and duties on all lands houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction j and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments; as rtlaus to the method of granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on eft ate and goods sold by auction.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act, made in the seventeenth year of the

17 Geo. 3. cap. 50, le cited.

7

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers*and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction*and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments; certain duties were imposed bn all licences to be taken out by persons selling estates, goods and chattels, by auction, and on the purchase money of the things so [old: and whereas the powers, rules, and regulations, therein prefenbed for ascertaining, ecu ring, and colliding, the said duties, and for preventing frauds therein, have been found ineffectual to secure the payment thereof \ and the foetid duties have, by reason of various frauds and evafeons, been greatly decreoftd or withheld; far remedy thereof, and for the better securing the payment of the said duties, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ivt of the said That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand fev*n repealed, hundred and seventy nine, the several powers, rules, regulations, and provisions, by the said act given and directed, for granting licences to auctioneers, and for collecting and managing, the duties by the said act imposed on licences to be granted to persons selling by auction, and on the puroliafe money of the estates, goods, and effects so sold, shall cease and determine, and be no longer used, except in all cases relating to the recovery of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of July! one thousand seven hundred and seventy nino, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

he duty II rfnd whereas, by the said recited act, it is, among other ww, vvu, from and after the twenty-ninth day of Sepr tember, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be ruifed, levied, colic stead, and paid, in such manner as in the said act is mentioned, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of'jixpence for every twenty [billings, out of the purchase money aripng by jale at auction of all plate and jewels: and whereas the said duty of sixpence in every twenty Billings, out of the purchase money of the said goods, has been found to prevent, it a great tneaj'ure, he Jale of the said goods by auction, to the prejudice of the revenue intended to be raised by the said act, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine the said duty of sixpence in every twenty Shillings, out

of

of

pound out of the purchase pioney of plate and jewels, repealed

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 301

of the parchafe^money of the said goods (hat! be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that the sum of threepence for every twenty Shillings, out of the purchase mooey arigng by sale at auction of ail plate and jewels, shall be raised, levied, and a duty of and collected, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; the said duty to be paid, accounted for, recovered, luted instead and applied in such and the like manner as the other rates and theieoi. duties, granted by the said recited act upon Tales by auction are directed to be paid, accounted for, recovered, and applied $ anything the rein, or in this present act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And, for the better preventing the like frauds, and for No person to the more tffedual securing the payment of the duties, by the fell estates, said act imposed, be it further enacted by the authority afore god cas said, Thar, from and after the said fifth day of July, one without thousand seven hundred and seventy nirte, no person whatever, having taken hot already licensed according to the said act, who now, or at out a licence any time or times hereafter doth or shall excercife the trade or bufmefc of an audioneer, or fdier by commission, at any Tale of any estate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by outery, knocking down of hammer, by candle, by lot, by pareel, or by arty other mode of sale at auction, err whereby the htgheft bidder is deemed to be the purchaser or who shall act in such Capacity; shall presume to deal in, vend, or sell, any ertate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise, by way of auction as aforesaid in any manner whatsoever, without first taking out a licence, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shallfo put up to sale, or sell, any such estate, goods, or effects, by public sale, by way of auction, as aforesaid; in which licence shall be set forth the true name and real place of abode of the perforl or persons taking out the same, for which he, (he, 'or they shall immediately, upon taking, out thereof, pay down for each and every licence, so to be taken out from time to time, the several sums of twenty Shillings and five Shillings, by the said act granted; over and besides any other duties or payments to which such person or persons may be liable for trading in, vending, or selling, any gold or filvef plate, or otherwise, in manner following; that is to say, 1/ such Where licences be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London then such licences, whether they be granted England and for selling by way of auction within the said limits, or in any Wales; other part of England or ivals^ shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's of for the duties of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the said respective duties shall be paid at the said chief office of excise in London; bat if the licence for selling by auction, in the partr of England and ifales* not within the said limits, shall be taken out without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals, of the several collcdors and supervisors of excise within

theii*

d

302 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 56. [ C 779.

their respective collections and districts, and the said duty offive Shillings, by the said at imposed, shall be paid for the same to the collector of excise who (hair grant and deliver the same: and where for and in case such licences shall be token out within the limits of Scotland the chief office of excise in Scotland, such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall appoint for that purpose, and the duty of five Shillings, by the said act imposed for the same, shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Scotland, in the same manner as is herein before described in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, but if such licences shall be taken oat in any part of Scotland, not within the limits of the chief office of excise in Scotland, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts, and the said duty by the said act imposed for the same, 'Xhallbe paid, by each and every person and persons so taking out such licences, to the collector of excise who shall so grant and deliver the same; and such respective of of epccife, and the persons so to be appointed, as aforesaid, by them respectively, and also such collectors are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such licences to the persons who shall apply lot the same, upon their paying the duty by the said act directed to be paid for each and every such licence.

Licences to be WAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, renewed an That every person or persons already licensed, or who, after iiually. the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall take out any such licence as aforesaid, is, and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months afrer taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they do presume to vend or sell, by way of auction, as aforesaid, and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of twenty Shillings, or five Shillings, respectively, by the/aid aft imposed for each and every new or renewed licence. Penalty on at pl*cc and at the times before mentioned: and it any per fclling goods, son or persons not already licensed as aforesaid, shall presume C by auction or offer to vend or sell by way of auction as aforesaid, 'without cehccuor&withstan out such licence, or without renewing the same

outduly re*in manner as aforesaid, such person or persons shall, if hewing the the offence shall be committed within the limits of the chief

Came. office of excise in London, forfeit and lose, for every such offence,

the sum of one hundred pounds; and if such offence shall be committed in any place without the said limits, then such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

The several V And whereas, by the aid recited act, a rate of duty of three duties of'j dr pence is to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every twenty ^unvgrdnt fallings of the purchofe monty arising by sale at auction of any interest.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 56. 303

in possession or reversion, in any freehold copyhold, leofebold lands, ed by the for

tenements, houses, r hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of

charged thereon, and of any utenfih in husbandry and farming pro^mon for ///>;, vessels, and of any reversionary inter efts in the any^greater or publuk funds, the sum of sixpence for every twenty shillings out of less (urn.

A purchase money arising by fade at auction of all fixturex, furniture, jewels piftwres, books, horses and carriages, all other

goods and chattels whatsoever; turd whereas it may be doubted whether the said respective rates and duties so imported as ajoresaidy are payable for any part of such purchase money not amounting to the sum of twenty Billings: Now, to obviate all such doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said respective rates and duties of threepence and sixpence so imposed, as aforesaid was intended to be charged, and is hereby declared to be charged and chargeable, for every twenty Shillings of the said purchase money, and in proportion for any greater or lesser sum of the purchase money arising or to arise by fates at auction.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid After July 5, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand j?. seven hundred and seventy nine, the said respective sates and tic^oiall be a duties of threepence and sixpence by the said a imposed, shall charge upon. be, and are hereby declared to be, a charge upon every audio the auctioneer near or seller by commission, immediately from and after the immediately knocking down of the hammer or other doling of the bidding, fng of every" " every sale by way of auction, and that the rates and duties fa, so charged shall be paid, by every such audioneer or seller by commission, in manner, and at the times herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every audio. That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand near within seven hundred and seventy nine, every person not already LI exedfe censed, acting as audioneer as aforesaid, at any public faje or 0gcc in l-on. auction within the limits of the chief office of fxcise in London, don, when he fhast, at the time of receiving the licence, give security by bond tak out h, a to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of two {j^ndtoii# hundred pounds, with two or more sufficient sureties, which Majesty, in security the commissioners for the duty of excise for the time 100l. with fu being, or any two or more of them, or such person or persons reties, that he as the said commissioners of excise shall from time to time ap "breach

point to deliver out the licences as aforesaid, is and are hereby deliver!

authorised and empowered to, take, that he will, within twenty at the said of eight days after each and every sale by way of auction, deliver, fice, a partico at the chief office of excise in London, to the person or persons lar acc^u^ who shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to re 1 ercg9*

ceive the same, an exact and particular account in writing of the total amount of the money bid at each sale, and of the several articles, lots, or pareels, which shall have been there sold, and the price of each and every such article, lot, or pareel; and at the same time make payment of all such sum and Turns of money as shall b due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance Vol. XXXII X

3^4 Anno decimo nono Gkchgii HI. C 56. [1779.

of, and according to the true inteot and meaning of this a; which sum or sums of money he is hereby authopfed and iro powered to retain out of the produce anting by fetch side, or deposit made ad such fate, or otherwise recover the same by action of debt, or on the case, against the person or persons by yhom such auctioneer shall be employed or on whose account and shall make such goods shall be (b sold; and every person so acting as oath to the auctioneer, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, if truth of tuch any, shall make oath to the truth of each and every such ac account count before the commissioners of excise, or one of them, or before such personas the said of ef excise shall p point to receive the same; which oath the said commissioners of excise, or one of them, or other person so to be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to If auctioneer administer: in case the att&ioneer giving such bond shall shall not fulfil rcgjeifl to deliver in his account, or to make payment of the of*be bond, 0* anc duties as herein directed, or if it shall appear that the of account delivered in by such auctioneer was not a true and of^scife may just, account, or that the said auctioneer hath acted contrary to putkinftmt. the true intent and meaning of such bond, and of this prtfont ah, it shall and may be lawful for the said of of excifo to cause such bond to be put in fuk, unless they shall Bod sufficient csuife to forbear the same, and thereupon, in case of a verdictt or judgement against the defendant, such licence shall thenceforth become void to all intents and purposes.

Everyauftia*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, over in Great That each and every person so acting as aforesaid, at every sech ritain* puhbck auction, in any part of Great Britain not within the nits of the ex f he said chief office of excise in London, shall, at the

cife office in time of receiving such licence, as aforesaid, give security by London, shall bond as aforesaid, in the sum of fifty pounds, which fectsrity give fecunty shall be taken by the respective commissioners of excise in Gnat co that hen &nta*n'> or Y two or more f' them, respectively, or by such will, within six or persons as the said commissioners of excise respectively

weeks after shall appoint to deliver out the said licences, in like manner as each sat, deli, is herein before mentioned and directed with regard to the c^a^account ^onds to^8*ven within the limits of the chief office of excise thereof C n London, that he will, within six weeks after every sale by aution, deliver in an ex and particular account, in manner as is herein before required to be delivered by persons selling by au*slion within the limits of the said chief office of excise it London, and shall, at the same time, make payment of all such sum and Turns of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, for and on account of each and every sale by way of auction by him made, from time to time, within such six weeks / respectively; and all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein before prescribed or contained, for the better levying, securing, or accounting for the said rates or duties within the limits of the said chief office of excise if London, (hah be observed in all other parts of Great Britain, as if the same were again particularly repeated and reenacted.

o IX And

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 56. 305

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ati^ionecrt That, from and after the said fifth day of july one thousand ^exd^e'ou seven hundred and Seventy nine, every such audioneer, or seller gccj ct prcj by commission, selling by auction within the limits of the said vious notice of chief office of excite in London, shall, two days at least before ach f*le; and he, she, or they do begin any sale by way of auction, deliver,

'or cause to be delivered, at the said chief office of excise, to the i0gue, c6ntaiiw person who shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to ing an cxaft receive the same, a notice in writing, signed by such auctioneer, enumeration specifyidg in such nptice the particular day when such sale by j*the auction is to begin; and shall, at the same time, or within a, t 0

twenty-four hours after, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person so to he appointed as aforesaid, a written or printed catalogue, attested and signed by such audioneer, or his known clerk $ in which catalogue shall be particularly expressed and enumerated each and every article, lot, pareel, and thing, by such audioneer intended to be sold at such auction j and every such audioneer, selling by auction in any part of Great Britain, not within the limits of the said chief office of excise in Lcndoni shall, at least three days before he, she, or they do begin any sale by way of audipn, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the colkdor of excise, in whose collection such sale is intended to be, or at the office of excise next to the place where such sale is intended to be, a like notice in writing, signed by such audioneer, specifying therein the particular day when such sale is to begin; and shall, at the same time, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered, to such cdlector, or at the office o( excise next to the place where such (hie is intended to be, a written or printed catalogue, attested and signed by such audioneer, or his known clerk; in which catalogue shall be particularly expressed and enumerated each and every article, lot, pareel, and thing, by such audioneer intended to be sold at such auction: and if any such audioneer on penalty of shall presume to sell any estate, goods, or effects, by way of auction, without delivering the notices and catalogues hereinbefore required to be delivered, or shall, at any: uch sale, (ell any estate, goods, or effects not particularly expressed or enumerated in such catalogue, every such audioneer shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Any anko f any such audioneer, so selling by auction at any place within nfei England or ivaki* not within the limits of the said chief office ^thinthe of excise in London, shall not be prepared to deliver in the ac limits of the count, by this act required, to the collector of excise within excise office*a whole collection such notice was delivered, and such sale by j^ndon, auction made, then, and in such case, such audioneer shall, and to

he is hereby permitted and reqifired to deliver in his account of deliver in hit such sake, within six weeks after every such sale, at the said account of any chief office of excise in London, and to the person appointed to [aj5 lhc?jr receive the same, and shall at the same time, deliver to the ah, whh'u*cfix /ame potion, a true copy of the notice apd of the catalogue wc*kt after C X 2 by such sale, dc

306 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. g.56. [1779.

liver it amhe by him before delivered to the said oollector, and if any such London 0 au<*onecr foal I negiecl to deliver such copy of the Taid notice on on. ar Itlc catalogue, every auctioneer offending therein shall for each offence, forfeit and iofe the fnm of twenty pounds.

If the Tale by

XL. And whereas it may sometimes happen that jales at aufiicnof auction of any estates or goods may be rendered null and void by reason that the estate, C per fin, for whofi benefit the same shall be sold, had no title to, or no

shall be ren r^yt to ^jp0j'e Of tfo same. be it further enacted by the authoirty owing to a de aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one tective title, thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any sale by auction the auctioneer, of any estate, goods, or chattels, shall be rendered void, by ^lain^o^he rea^on late person fr whose benefit the same was sold had co^missionert no ntle to the same, cr no right to dispose thereof, then, and in of excise, or every such case, it rtiall and may be lawful for the auctioneer, justices of who paid the duty for the things so sold, or for the person for

peace; whose benefit the same was so sold, to lay his, her, or their

complaint before the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace, whithin whose jurisdiction respectively such sale was who shall hear made; and the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the and deter peace, respectively, upon such complaint to them made, by or minet e ame, Qn^behalf of such auctioneer, or by or on the behalf of the person for whose benefit the same was sold, shall, and are required to hear and determine a) such complaints, and examine the witnesses upon oath which shall be produced, as well on the behalf of the party making such complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties; which oath they have hereby power to administer; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party so complaining of so much of his, her or their respective payments, as shall be so made out before them to have been overpaid; thing in this Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Whereowners.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby enafied by the authority bfd^lfemselves afore*ai^> That in case the real owner of any estate, goods, or or employ*effefls, put up to sale by way of auction, shall become the pur others to bid chaser, by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any for thrm. an other person on his behalf, or for his use, at such sale, without the duties X rau or cnufi6n, then, and in such case, the respective com b/madevc  nnissioners of excise in Great Britain, and such collectors, fii cordingly; pervifors, and other officers of excise, as are hereby respectively authorised, within their respective collections and distfich, to receive the said duties, are hereby authorised and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties arising by this act upon such bidding 5 provided notice be given to the auctioneer before such bidding, both by the owner and the person

provided notice be given to the auttio

near that such intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the uerlons are to former, and having agreed accordingly to bidat, the sale for the bid for the use an(j behoof of the seller; and provided such notice be verified owners, Stc.^oath Of the auctionccri as also the fairness and reality of the said transaction, to the bed of his knowledge and belief; and in case any dilute shall arise whether such purchase by the owner was not made by collusion, or in order to tefien the full a'Jinn

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 56. 307

sum appointed by this act to be paid, or concerning the fairness of such transaction, then, and in such cases, the proof thereof shall lie upon the person acting as auctioneer; and on failure therein, or in case of arty unfair practice, then no such allowance shall be made as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Certain aafti

the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall oa.8 1"djich

extend to any sale or falcs, by way of auction, of estates or

chattels, made by any rule, order, or decree, of his Majesty's court of chancery, or of exchequer in England, before the matter in chancery, or the deputy remembrancer of the said, of exchequer 5 or by any order or decree of the courts of great session$ in Walts, or by any order or decree of the court of session or exchequer in Scotland respectively; or to any such sales made by the east-india company, or the Hudson's Bay company \ or by order of his Majesty's of for the duties of customs or excise; by order of the board of ordnance, or of of the navy or victualling offices; nor to the Cite by auction of any goods distrained for relit, or for nonpayment of tithes; anything herein before to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained Not shall extend to any auction to be held, on the account of the granting lord or lady of any manor, for the granting any copyhold or copyhold or customary messuages, lands, or tenements, lor the term of a custonuuy life or Jives, or any number of years; or to any auction to be, an<b> C for the letiing or clemigng any messuages, lands, or tenements, for the term of a life or lives, or any number of years,

to be created by the person or persons on whose account such auction shall be held; or to the sale or Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, or to any coptraft relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the same, or to the sale of any materials used in the working of such mines or quarries respectively; to the sale of any cattle, and live or dead (lock, or unmanufactured produce of land; so as such sale or feles of wood?, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, 'cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilst they continue on the lands producing the same, and by the owner or owners of such lands, or proprietor or proprietors of, or adventurer or adventurers in, such mines or quarries respectively, or by his or their steward or agent, stewards or agents; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Neither this authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or in the said ercited nor the act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge expend to any with the said rate or duty, any estate, goods, or chattels, sold fajc uncjer a Y at auction, under the authority of any sheriff or under sheriff, sheriff s ati for the benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgement had ^horiv for ttc or obtained; or any estate or effects of bankrupts, sold by order

of the assignee or assignees under any commission of bank effectiofbank>

X 3 ruptcy i rupts sold by

yo Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.

[17*79.

order of aflig ruptcy; or any goods imported into this kingdom, by way of neci, C merchandise, from any British colony or plantation in etmeriea> the same being of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the said colonies or plantation, on the first sale of such goods, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the customhouse at the port of importation, so as such sale be made within twelvemonths after such goods shall be so imported; nor to any ships, or other tackle, apparel, and furniture, or the cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as prize, which shall be sold in this kingdom, by or for the benefit of the captors thereof; nor to charge with the said rate or duty any fhtps or goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the coaas of this kingdom, and sold by auction for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be sold, free of duty, to defray the charges of salvage; nor to charge with the said rate or duty any goods damaged by fire, and sold by order of and for the benefit of the insurers of such goods; nor to fafes jna.de by trustees chosen in pursuance of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rendering tie payment of the creditors of infobent debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the diligence of the Uw by arrejlment and poinding 5 and for extending the privilege of bills to promiffiry notes; and for limiting aq'nms upon bills and promissory notes; in that part af Great Britain called Scotland 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

After July 5,

XVI. And for the better and more effectual preventing frauds779, aoftio which may be practised by audtioneers selling estates, goods, or chattels, under the authority of sheriffs, or their under sheriffs, seized by or un(^cr the order and direction of the assignees under gny a sheriff in ex commission of bankruptcy; be it further enacted by the au ecution, shall thority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of enumerate the July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every fhcwtin the who shall fell atauction any estates, goods, or chat

catalogue to tels, that have been seized by any sheriff or under sheriff, or by be delivered their authority, and by them, or either of them, taken for th benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgement had and cemfiedbythe Gained, shall specify and enumerate, in the catalogue by him sheriff, C to be delivered under the directions of this act, as well the particular

estates and effects to be sod, and also theexadf sum to be levied under such execution; and the sheriff or under sheriff respectively shall, and they are hereby required to subscribe and sign every such catalogue, and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the estates, goods, and effeb in such catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were realy and truly the property of the person against whom such judgement was had and obtained, and that the same, and evesy part And av&io thereof, were actually seized in execution of the same judge ween employ men* and every auctionecr who shall be employed, by the ttfe&s at any assignees under any commission of bankruptcy, to sell the effect bankrupt, Dall of any bankrupt, shall likewise specify and enumerate in the

catalogue

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 56.

3*9

catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular enumerate the goods and cffe&s then to be sold, and the assignees, or the assignee, if only one under such commission, shall, and he and jj^fonsfiws^ they is and are hereby required to subscribe and sign such cata which shall be logue, and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the certified by the estates, goods, chattels, and effects, in such catalogue respectively a^gnees. Sec specified and enumerated, were really and truly the property of the said bankrupt at the time of suing forth the said commission; respective catalogue, so signed and certified as aforesaid, shall be produced by every such auctioneer, to the person to whom such auctioneer is by this act directed to deliver his account, before such auctioneer shall be permitted

to pass his account, or to have the same allowed: and if such cn?ie5r#on  rr'lh*n ">occ. C

or

sheriff, under (hcriss, assignee, or assignees respectively, shall who

insert, or suffer or permit to be inserted, in any such catalogue shall fufferany so to be subscribed, signed, nd certified, as aforesaid, any estate, estate, C to goods, chattels, or effects whatsoever, other than such as were n

realy and truly the property of the debtor or debtors, bankrupt which was^not or bankrupts, as aforesaid, respectively 5 or if any sheriff or under the property sheriff shall omit or neglect to certify on such catalogue the true of the debtor sum to be levied, or shall certify thereon any false sum to be*levied, then, and in every such case, the party offending shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, auctioneers That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand employed to seven hundred and seventy nine, every auctioneer who shall be employed to sell any goods damaged by fire, sold by order of, benefit and for the benefit of, the insurer or insurers of such goods, of theinfuren, shall specify and enumerate, in the catalogue to be by him de hallenume^livered as aforesaid, the panicular goods then to be sold, and rate the parti the insurers, or the insurer, if only one, shall, and he and they j^cthe' is and are hereby required to subscribe and sign such Catalogue, which1mall & and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the goods certified by n such catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were lhc infor* really and truly sold for the benefit of such rnfuter or insurers; which catalogue, so signed and certified as aforesaid, shall be produced by every such auctioneer, to the person to whom such auctioneer, is by this act, to deliver his account, before fudh auctioneer shall be permitted to pass his account, or to have the same allowed: and if such insurer or insurers respectively shall Penalty on in insert, or suffer or permit to be inserted, in any such catalogue jrf.ri ho so to be subscribed, signed, and certified as aforesaid, any gootfc be^nferted in whatsoever other than such as were really and truly to be sold catalogue any for the benefit of him or them as aforesaid; if any insurer ot good other inforers shall omit or neglect to certify On such catalogue the than fucav. true particular of the goods to be sold; then, and in every such for their bene case, the party offending shall, for every such offence respect fit, See. tively, forfeit and lofc the sum of twenty pounds.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, east, ea and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed ny this sdt, bear

x4. shall

3 io Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7^58. [1779.

covered and shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, applied. means, and methods, as<any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, isor may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's court of records at Wefirmnfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced,) shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better providing of a maintenance for the Vicar of the parish of The Trinity, in the city of Coventry.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for preserving the navigation of the river Lee, in the counties' Hertford, Eflsex, and Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by on act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second fcclta! offor ascertaining, preserving, and improving, the navigation of aft 12 Geo. a. t^c rjver jr from the town of Hertford to the town of Ware in the county of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said river, from the said town of Ware, to the newotu or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of londoh; and for other purposes therein mentioned; the governor and company of the new river, in consideration of a quantity of water supptied out of the said river Ltt, for the use of the said new river, are dtrested to pay to certain trustees appointed in and by the said act, for the care and management of the navigation of the river Lee, two annual ferns of money, amounting together to the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds, to be applied in preserving and improving the navigation of and 7. Geo. the said river Lee: And whereas, by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river Thames, and for extending the said navigation to the flood gaj$s belonging to the town mill, in the said town of Hertford; certain persons therein named, together with the trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said act of the twelfth year of his late Majesty, were appointed trustees for putting the said act of the seventh year of his present Majesty in execution, and diverse powers and authorities are given, and granted to the said trustees, for making, extending, improving and maintaining, the said navigation, and for making and maintaining certain new cuts or canals to communicate with the said river Lee; and by the said act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, the said annual sum of three hundred and fifty pounds is vefied in the said trustees, together with certain rates and duties thereby granted, for the purposes of the said acts; and the said navigation hath been completed for several years, and is found beneficial to the public: and whereas the said trustees have charged the rates or duties, and other moneys arising by virtue of the said acts, with the

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5?. 3*'

payment of the principal sum of forty four thousand three hundred pounds, and also with the payment of annuities (or the lives of certain perfms, to the amount of three thousand four hundred pounds, or thereabouts; and there will be likewise due to several persons for arrears of interest, annuities rents, compensations, and purchase of lands, and far workmen's bills, and other annual expense s'of carrying on the said navigation, at Mid fu miner next9 the sum often thousand six hundred pounds, or thereabouts: and whereas the money arising by virtue of the said atts is not sufficient to pay and discharge the interest of the said principal money, and also to pay the said annuities? and other moneys, due and owing as aforesaid; and unless some additional rates and duties are allowed to be collected upon the said navigation several persons who have lent and advanced money upon the credit of the said acts will Be very great fujferers9 and the navigation of the said river will be totally lofl9 to the great detriment of the public; wherefore in order to prejerve the said navigation, and for relief of the said several annuitants, and other creditors; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, (

That, from and after the Monday sevennight next after passing n, etniftcc* of this act, there shall be paid, at such place and places, and in authorised to such manner and proportions, as herein after mentioned, to the collect the fol collector or collectors appointed by the said trustees, or any fe, vcn or more of them, by all and every person and persons who shall carry or convey any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities whatsoever, up or down the said river, or the said cuts or canals, (over and above the rates and duties payable by virtue of the said act of the Seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty)) several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say)

For every tonne of malt passing through King's Weir9 or the additional*lock nearest thereto, the sum of one shilling and threepence; rate. and passing through Newman's Weiry or the lock nearest thereto, (the rates and duties for the same not having been paid at King's jveir9 or the lock nearest thereto, as aforesaid,) the sum of eleven - pence; and passing through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the new cut below the said bridge, (the rates and duties for the same not having been paid at King's Weir or Newman's Weir, or the locks nearest the said weirs, as aforesaid)) sum of five pence; and passing on any part of the cut between Bromley Lock and the river Thames, (the rates and duties not having been paid for the same above Bromley Lock aforesaid)) sum of twopence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a tonne:

For every tonne of flour that shall be carried or conveyed through King's Weir aforesaid, or the lock nearest the same, the sum of fourpence halfpenny 5 and through Newman's Weir or the lock nearest the same, the sum of fourpence halfpenny; and through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the new cut below the said bridge, the sum of threepence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a tonne:

For

Additional rates to be a security for iftoney due on the credit of the former as.

The rates to be reduced in certain proportions as the annuities fall in.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. [* 779.

For every ehaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, carriod or conveyed through Newman s lveir9 or the lock nearest the same, the sum of pence \ and through Lee Bridge aforesaid, or any lock in the said cut below the said bridge, the sum of seven pence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a chaldron:

For every tonne of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatsoever, that shall be carried or conveyed through king's ivcir^ or the lock nearest the same, the sum of fixpeace; and through newman's Weir or the lock nearest the same, the sum of sixpence; and through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the said cut below the said bridge, the sum of threepence; and between Bromley Lock and the Thames the sum of twopence; and foin proportion for any less quantity than a tonne;

For every pleasure boat which tliall pass through any of the said locks or places, or on the said cut between Bromley Lock and the Thames, the sum of oue shilling; and for every empity boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, patfing along the said cut from Bromley Lock towards the Thames, after having delivered any lading for which the said rates and duties shall not have been paid, or passing along the said cut from the river Thames towards Bromley Locky and not having been to deliver any lading for which the rates and duties shall have been paid, the sum of five Shillings:

Which said additional rates and duties hereby granted, shall be collected, levied, and recovered, by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as the rates and duties granted by the said act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty can or may, by virtue thereof, be collected, levied, and recover ed, and as if the additional rates and duties hereby granted were inserted in the body of the said act; and the same shall be applied to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, as the rates and duties granted by the said adfc are thereby directed to be applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said additional rates and duties herein before granted, are hereby declared to be a security for the payment of all the principal moneys borrowed and due as aforesaid, and all interest due. and to become due for the same, and also for the payment of the several annuities granted and now payable as aforesaid, and of all other moneys whatsoever due and owing on the credit of the said former acts; and the several persons entitled thereto shall have the same powers and remedies for the recovery thereof, out of the rates and duties hereby granted, as are by the said recited act given for the recovery of any money charged upon the rates and duties thereby granted.

III. Provided always, and be it further caa&ed by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time, as the annuities granted by the said trustees shall fall in, the rates and dutiee hereby granted, shall be reduced, in the proportions'following; (that il to say) when the said annuities ihajj be reduced to two thousand

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. ?. 313

four hundred pounds, no more than three fourth parts of the rates and duties hereby granted shall be demanded or taken; and when the said annuities shall be reduced to one thousand four hundred pounds, no more than one half of the said rates and duties shall be demanded or taken; and that when the said annuities shall be reduced to four hundred pounds, no more than one fourth part of the said rates and duties shall be demands ed or taken; anything in this act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas ashes, breeze, and other materials used in mating All ashes, tricks, are frequently conveyed upon the said river, under the pretence breeze, and of being for manuring of land, whereby the payment of the rates and

duties are evacted; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore nl*said. That all ales, breeze, and other materials and things fabjt&teifc* which shall not be used for manuring of land, shall he liable to ratwi the payment of the like rates and duties as are by the said recited act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and this act, granted for any goods, wares, merchandizes, and com modifies, (except coals, culm, or cinders;,) and it shall and may he lawful for the collector or collectors appointed by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to demand, collect, and recover the said rates and duties for all such ashes, breezy, and other materials and things, as such collector shall havereason to apprehend are not intended to be used for manuring of land, in such manner, and by the same ways and means, as the rates and duties herein before granted can or may be demanded, col jested, and recovered; anything in the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall afterwards be but if used for

made appear to such collector, that the ashes, breeze, or other manure, the materials or things for which the said rates and duties (frail have b.c.

been paid as aforesaid, were for the manuring ostand, that then

She rates and duties so paid shall be returned by such collector to the owner or owners of such allies, breeze, or other materials or things, or his or their agents or servants, upon demand.

VI. And, for the better ascertaining the tonnage of timber Every lading

and wood, to be charged with the payment of the rates or duties,

granted by the said recited act, and this act; be it enacted and ac^oes!^ declared by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any boat, 5 barge, lighter, or other vefltl, navigated upon the said river,

cuts, or canals, shall be laden with timber or wood only, such lading shall, for the purposes of the said recited act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and of this act, be deemed twenty-five tonnes, although the same may actually be a greater or less quantity; anything in the said recited act, or in this act, or any usage or custom, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

- f ... So much of

VII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, tj, e former That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one aft as re thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, (o much of the said quires fteerf tecited act of the fpventh year of the reign of his present Mai bifu of bd'

'ing, repealed.

Owner of goods, or persons delivering any on their behalf, shall give bills of lading to the fteerfmen, who are to

Jiroduce the ame to the collectors of the tolls.

Penalty on neglect, call

vessels to be marked with graduated figures denoting their burden on penalty of $1.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8.

[177(7.

jesty, as requires persons having the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to give an account in Writing, as therein is mentioned, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which shall be in back boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and also of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, Wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which shall have been discharged or taken out of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, before the arrival thereof at the place where such account is' to be given, andaa inflicts any penalty on such persons for not giving such account or forgiving a false account, shall be, and is hereby repealed;

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand<seven hundred and seventy nine, the owners of, or persons fehing any goods, wares, or merchandise, or any person who shall deliver any goods, wares, or merchant dize, on account of such owners or persons selling the same, on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to be carried or conveyed upon the said river, cuts, or canals, shall, and are hereby required to give a true account, in writing under their respective hands, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of all iiich goods, wares, and merchandise, to the steersman or other pec (on having the care, charge, or management of the boar, bwrgc^ lighter, or other vessel, on board of which such goods, wares, or merchandise shall be delivered, together with the date of the delivery thereof; and the said steersman or other person shall produce the said account to the collector or collectors of the said rates or duties, and deliver a true copy thereof to every such collector 5 and in case any such steersman or other person shall not produce such account, and deliver a copy thereof as aforesaid, every such steersman or other person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and in case any such steersman or other person shall produce a false account to any such collector or collectors as aforesaid, the person who (halt have signed such false account shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

IX. And, for the better enabling the collectors of the said rates^er ditties to judge of the truth of the accounts of lading to be produce edas aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all boars, barges, lighters, and other veftds* which shall be navigated upon the said river, cuts, or canals, shall be painted or marked, in three different places on each side thereof, with graduated figures or marks, of proper dimensions, at such distances, and upon such parts of the boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, as the said trustees, or any five or more o them, shall order, under the direction of some proper and skilful person; and so from time to time, as occasion shall require; and the same shall at all times be kept so marked, in a plain and legible manner; and that, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; if any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall be navigated upon the said river,

cuts.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 315

cuts, or canals, not being painted or marked in a plain and legible manner as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, the owner, or person having the care, charge, or management, of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

( X And whereas it might tend te the better execution of the aid So much of incited acts, and this act, if the said trustees were obliged ta bald forer more than one general meeting in every year; be it therefore enact miftees CD by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing to meet 00 of this act, so much of the said recited act of the seventh year the first mon of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs a general meet day In June. ing of the trustees to be held on the first Monday in June in y'rcpaar*' every year, and notice to be given thereof, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or any mcefi, s five or more of them, shall hold a meeting for carrying the pur of thetruttecs. poses of the said recited acts, and this act, into execution, at, the sign of the Rose and Crown, at Enfield Highway, in the parish of Enfield, in the said county of Middlesex, upon the Monday ie vcnnight after the passing this act, and may adjourn such meeting from time to time, previous to their first general meeting,

(to be held as herein after mentioned,) as they shall think proper; and that the said trustees, or any live or more of them. Three gene shall hold three general meetings in every year, at or within the respective times and places herein after mentioned; (that is year" to say) in the town of Hertford, upon the last Monday in July, 7

or within six days afterwards; in the parish of Waltham Holy Cross, in the said county of Essex, on the last Monday in October, or within six days afterwards; and in the city of London, on the last Monday in January, or within six days afterwards; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, at such respective general meetings, appoint the day, and the house or place (being within the respective times, and at the respective places, aforesaid) upon and at which their then next general meet at which they ing shall beholden; and the clerk to the said trustees for the (hril*udit and time being shall, at such respective general meetings, lay before counts and the trustees then assembled, a full state of the accounts relative cause*n ab to the excution of the said recited acts, and this act, up to such stradthereof of the days following, videlicet, midsummer day, michaelmas day, to be made, and christmas day, as shall happen next before the day of hold book of ing such respective meetings, in order that the same may be au }^eir proceed dited and settled; and the said trustees, at such general meetings, ing*. are hereby required to examine and pass the said accounts; and after the same shall be examined and passed, an abstract thereof shall be made out, and signed by five or more of the said trustees, and the same shall be fairly entered in the book of proceedings of the said trustees; and all persons interested in the said navigation may, at all convenient times, have a copy of such abstract, upon paying to the clerk to the said trustees the sum of two Shillings and sixpence; and in case the said trustees shall not settle and pass the said accounts at any such general

meeting.

two several meetings m every year. No money Co be borrowed till the accounts are settled. Securities for money borrowed, and annuities

E

ranted to valid

3 i 6 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. [1779.

meeting, then such meeting shah be adjourned to the seventh day then net following, and so from time to time, until the said accounts shall be settled and passed, and an abstract thereof made and flgried as aforesaid; after the said accounts shall be completed as aforesaid, the said trustees may adjourn such re spetfive meetings to such place and time, previous to the time of holding their next general meeting, as the said trustees; or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

Uter yean,

XII. Provided nevertheless, that after the expiration of taro be trtjttee* y*ar$ from the passing of this a, the said trustees fibril be ob

acconats at'gcc* to examine and settle the said accounts at two aft leafiof

the said three general meetings in every year, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, That no money shall be borrowed by the said trustees, until the said accounts shall have been settled, and entered as aforesaid.

XIV. And whereat doubts they arise touching the validity if fern of the securities granted by the said trusites; to obviate such doubts, and to secure the froeral creditors who have, bona fide, lent and Advanced their money for the purposes of the aid navigation 5* be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several principal films of money solent and advanced to the said trustees, and the annuities granted by them, shall be, and they are heroby respectively declared to be charged upon the ra*es or duties granted and made payable by the said recited of the fevciwh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also upon the rates or duties by this ai granted and made payable; and that the federal fecutities given and granted for the payment thercefy are hereby declared to be valid and effectual in the law, to alt in tettts and purposes.

XV. And whereas deubts have arifeii touching the power ef eke said trustees to pay off any particular securities for money at kitareft already granted, in case they find it netfjjary so to do; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it Anil and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, as they shall think proper, to pay off any of the principal money borrowed and due upon the credit of the said rates and duties; provided three calendar months notice thereof, at the least, shall be given in writing, signed by them, to the person or persons entitled to the money so to bw paid Off, and of the day and place at and upon which such money will be paid; and in case the securities given for such money shall not be produced at the time and place to be mentioned in such notice, and, upon tender of the principal money, and all interest then due thereon, shall not be delivered up to the said trustees, or to their clerk, that then the interest of all such principal money shall from thenceforth cease, and be no longer paid or payable.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That the principal moneyed respect Whereof such notice shall be given, and also the hiterest for the same up to the time mentioned in such ndtiec for the payment

Trustees im powered to pay off aoy principal money now due;

giving three months notice.

Proviso

3*7

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58.

xnenl thereof, shall still remain due and payable, until the same shall be received by the person entitled to the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declar All moneys CD by the authority aforesaid, That all payments to be made, former and also the moneys due and owing on the credit of the said

former as, shall be payable as well out of the rates and duties charged upon created by this act, as out of the rates and duties created by the the present said former as, in the like course of payment, and with the and same priority, and with the like remedies for recovery thereof, r*>*c' as are directed in and by the said former acts; anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trustees not That no annuity or annuities shall hereafter be granted upon to grant any the credit of the rates and duties authorised to be collected by annuities for virtue of the said recited act of the seventh year of the reign oflhcuturc# his present Majesty, or by this act; anything in the said recked

act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no money shall here n0 money to after be borrowed upon the credit of the rate and duties autho be hereafter zifed*o be collected on the said river, or any of them, unless borrowed, un twenty onc trustees at the least shall be present, and shall concur ^vfh^con therein, and uni eft seven of such trustees shall be resident in the Cur therein; laid county of h$rtford9 seven within the said county of Essex

and seven within the said county of Middlesex and city of London, or one of them; and that no such money shall be so borrowed, but at a meeting to be held for that purpose of which meeting one calendar month's notice at the least shall be given in ibene of the public newspapera circulated in the said counties, at least three times before the borrowing any such money; anything in the said recited act of the seventh year of the retga f his present Majesty to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That and then mm no more than the sum of twenty thousand pounds, over andvmor#(tj1, < above the said sum of forty-four; housend three hundred pounds, '*, 0#0*principal money, already charged on the said rates, (half hereafter be borrowed on the credit of the said former act, or this present act; anything in the said former act, or this act, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and de Trustees id

<clared by the authority a sore fa kl, That it shall and may be law thori'ed to full for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, if they J

think sir, at the request of any person or persons to whom any

arrears of interest, or any arrears of annuities, shall, on the arrears of intwenty fourth day of June, one thotrfend seven hundred and tcrefl and an seventy nine, be due and owing on the credit of the said rates nuidei&c* or duties, to assign over the said rates or duties, or any part thereof, for securing the payment of alt such arrears, together with interest for the same; and all such assignments (half be good, valid, and effectual in the law, for the payment of thb money thereby fedured, and' all interest to grow due for the same, any thing hereinbefore confined to the contrary hereof

in

locks, near the places of collection, shut; and not to suffer any vessel to pals till the rates are paid.

Penalty on neglea.

3} $ Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. f 1779.

in any wise notwithstanding: provided also. That the sum for which the said rates and duties shall be assigned, as herein before mentioned, shall be construed and taken to be part of jthe sum of twenty thousand pounds, which the trustees are authorised to raise by virtue of this a6v.

Collector* re XXII And, in order to prevent any wajie of water at arty of the tnegates at or near e p^ces appointed for collecting the said rates or

duties, and for the better collection thereof; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the colie&ors of the said rates or duties shall, and are hereby authorised and required, at all times hereafter, to keep the gates of the locks, at or near the several places appointed for collecting the said rates or duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, so as not to suffer any unnecessary watte of water through the same, (except only at such times, and for so long as shall be necessary for boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, to pass through such locks, and in times of flood;,) and no boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall be differed to pass through any such lock until the whole rates or duties authorised to be collected shall be paid to such collector; and in case any collector shall not keep the gales of the lock, at or near the place where he shall be appointed to collect the said rates or duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, so as not to suffer any unnecessary watte of water through the same, or if such collector shall permit or differ any boat, barge, or lighter, or other vessel, to pass through any such lock as aforesaid, before the full rates or duties which ought to be collected shall have been paid, every such collector offending in either of the cases aforesaid shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

XXIII And) for the more effectual preventing the wale of water in any of the said cuts or canals, to the prejudice of any mill, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the locks or other works made or erected, or to be made or erected, by the said trustees, shall be out of repair, and any mill shall be prejudiced thereby, then, and in every such case, upon notice thereof in writing, given by the occupier of such mill to the surveyor to the said trustees, such surveyor is hereby required forthwith to insped into and consider the same, and report such notice, and his opinion thereof, to the said trustees, at their next meeting; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby required, at their said next meeting, to take the same into consideration, and as soon as may be to cause such locks and works to be put into good and sufficient repair, so as to prevent the watte of water as afcye said; and in case such surveyor shall refuse or neglect to insped into and survey such defied or want of repair in any of the said locks or other works, or make such report as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no steersman, or other person having the care, charge, or management, of any

boat,

Trustees to keep the locks and works in repair, to prevent waste f water.

Persons navigating vef

1779 } Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 319

boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, upon the said river, cuts, fcls required or canals, and parting with such boat, barge, lighter, or other to (hut the "vessel, through any lock upon the said river, cuts, or canals, upper gates shall suffer the water to remain in the lock longer than is northeast jj ceflary for such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to pass C

through the same; and that every such steersman, or other per parted, except son, in going down the said river, cuts, or canals, shall (hut (be other the lower gates of such lock before he shall draw the doughs of the upper gates thereof; and after he shall have brought such lg*boar, barge, lighter, or othfc'r vessel, into the said lock, shall (hut close the upper gates before he shall draw the doughs of the lower gates thereof; and in going up the said river, cuts, or canals, shall, so soon as he shall have parted with such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, out of the said lock, (hut the upper gates of the said lock, and afterwards draw the doughs of the lower gates, unless there shall be then a boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, in sight from the said lock, coming down the said river, cuts, or canals, in which case the lower gates of the said lock shall be left (hut, and the upper gates shall be left open; and every person, who shall not aft agreeable to the directions herein before mentioned, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay any furil not exceeding forty Shillings.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. So much of

That so much of the said recited act of the seventh year of the lhc former

reign of his present Majestyl as requires the owners of boats, s requires the b. r J J rr 1; r ] names to be

barges, lighters, or other vessels, to cause their names, and put on the

also the names of theftecrfmen, or other persons having the care bowsofvtflel*,

or charge of such boats, barges, lighters, or other vessels, and repealed.

their respective places of abode, to be placed and seton the

upper part of the bow on both (ides of such boats, barges,

lighters, or other vessels, and as inflitfs a penalty for default

therein, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared,

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou of sand seven hundred and seventy nine, the owner or owners of owners and every b: at, barge, lighter, or other vessel, passing upon the fteerfmento said river, cuts, or canals, shall cause his, her, or their name or be put on the names, and also the name of the steersman, or other person having the care or charge of every such boat, barge, lighter, or C*other vessel, and their respective places of abode, to be placed and set at full length, in white letters upon a black or dark ground, such letters to he four inches long, and of a proportional breadth, and made on some conspicuous part of the stern of every such boar, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and to be kept at all times plain and legible; and in case any boat, barg, on penalty of lighter, or other vessel, shall, at any time after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, be navigated on the said river, cuts, or canals, not having the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and also the name of the steersman, or other personas aforesaid, and also their respective places of abode, placed and seton the stern of every Vol xxxifc. Y, such

n

Penalty rn floating 6f timber.

Penalty on persons assaulting the collectors, or obstructing them in their duty.

[Proviso.]

Tottenham mill ft ream to be used as part of the navigation for ever, subject to a certain annual payment.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. [1779.

such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and keep plain and legible, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; or if any steersman or other person shall cover or conceal the same, or use any means whatsoever to prevent any person from reading the lame; every person offending in any of the cases aforesaid shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, float, or cause any timber to he floated, upon the said river, cuts, or canals, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty Shillings for every time he or they shall float, or cause any timber to be floated, upon the said river, cuts, or canals. t,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaijl, That if any person shall assault, interrupt, or obstruct any cou lector, or other person employed by the said trusttes, or any five or more of them, in collecting the said rates or duties, or otherwise in the execution of his office, every such person shall, for tvery such offence, forfeit and pay any lum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any such collector, of other person, having his remedy, for any such offence,; ip any of his Majesty's courts of law, by action, indictment, or otherwise.

XXX. And whereas a attain navigable Jlream or cut belonging to James Townsend esquire, called Tottenham Mill stream, hath been used at part of the said navigation, for the passage of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, for which the said trustees have paid to the said James Townsend the annual sum of ten pounds ten [billings; and the said James Townsend is consenting that the said Jlream or cut Should be used as part of the said navigation for ever, subject to the same annual relit; but the same being no part of the navigation described in the said act, the use of the said Jlrepm cannot be secured to the public, unlcf same further powers are grant? id for that purpose; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said stream or cut, together with a proper towing path on the west side thereof, shall for ever hereafter be used as part of the said navigation; and that the owners of ail boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, shall have liberty to navigate along the said stream or cut, and to make use of the said towing path, in like manner as if the said stream or efit had been part of the navigation described in the said act; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and have hereby full power and authority, from time to time, to scour, cleanse, deepen, and do such other works in the said stream or cut, and repair the said towing path, as they shall think fit, for the purposes of the said navigation, without any hindrance, molestation, or interruption, from the said James Townsend, or any person or persons who may hereafter be entitled

>'to

i

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 32 r

to the said stream or cut, and towing path, so that no damage be done thereby to Tottenham mills, by preventing the water flowing to the same as it now doth.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained Nothing to be shall authorise the said trustees, or any of them, or any other j^tottvn person or persons acting under their authority, to contract the am

said stream or cut, or prevent the occupier of Tottenham mills from penning a head of water to the said mills, or to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the navigating or pa sling of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, to and from the said mills.

XXXII. Provided also, That the occupier or occupiers of The occupiers the said mills, or any other person or persons, shall not, upon, ot*to draer any account or pretence, cause the water to be let or drawn the water out of the said dream or cut, so as to reduce the same below low a certain the height of two feet on the present fill of the waste gate of height.

the said mills to be ascertained by a stone put down and The trustees marked for that purpose: and the said trustees are hereby re to keep the quirfed at all times to keep the gates of the lock near the said p of the stream or cut of sfn equal height with the banks of the said ftrcea^of aif mill stream at the mill head, for keeping a full head of water to e<juai height the said mills; and the said trustees shall, at all times, repair, with the and keep in good repair, the bridge built across the new cut banks; and to near the said mill stream. hcwthe

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, r g

or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby autho* How the relit

rifed and required, out of any money arising by virtue of the use of C

said recited acts, and this act, to pay, or cause to be paid, to Tottenham

the said James Townsend, and the owner of the said stream or mill stream,

cur, and towing path, for the time being, the annual relit of mayrc

teri pounds ten shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, free covered

and clear of and fuom all taxes and dedudiions whatsoever, on the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, the first payment

to be made on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty: and in case the said yearly relit shall not be paid for the space of twenty-one days next after the day

herein before appointed for the payment thereof, that then the said James Tozvnfend, and the owner for the rhyme being of the said itream or cut, and towing path, shall have such and the same remedies for recovering the same yearly relit, and all costs

and expenses attending the recovery thereof, as are in the said recited act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty

provided for the payment of any rents or annuities granted and

inde payable by virtue thereof.

XXXIV. And whereas, by the said recited act of the seventh In case the year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said trustees are required tonn*p

to pay to sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, wihiamwake their heirs and affgns, the sum of one penny per tonne on all goods, and Mr. floy wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which Should be carried or aeon er, by the for veyed down the said river, through the cut or canal made from the mer ai said river, above king's Weir, to the west toilstream of the powder V

mills near Waltham Abbey: and whereas it is apprehended that, num the dtfi

Y 2 by cicocy shall be

d

gaz Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. [1779.

made up to by laying the additional rates or duties herein before granted, their tkem by the property may be injured: be it therefore enacted and declared by Wl* the authority aforesaid, That in case the said sum of one penny per tonne shall not hereafter produce to the said sir Wiliam Wake and Peter Floyer^ their respective heirs and assigns, the clear annual sum of one hundred and sixty pounds, that then the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to make up the deficiency to the said sir William Wake and Peter Flayerf their respective heirs and assigns, and the same shall be paid to the said sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their respective heirs and assigns, at the end of every year in which any such deficiency shall happen; and in case of nonpayment thereof, for the space of ten days after the same shall be due, the said sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs and assigns, shall and may have and take such and the like powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the same, and all costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, as are in the said recited a given for recovery of the said one penny per tonne.

The height at

XXXV. And whereas it would be for the benefit of the said na water tole 'vl&atim'> ttnd of certain mills, called Dicker Mills, situate near the kept Dicker fai^ town f Hertford, and also of certain works for supplying the Mill dream, to said town with water, belonging to the mayor and aldermen of the be ascertained said town, if the water in Dicker Mill Jlream was always, kept up by engineers. to a urta\n height; be it therefore enacted, That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within forty days next after their first meeting to be held in pursuance of this adfc, to give notice to the owner and occupier of the said mills, and to the mayor of the said town of Hertford, directing each of them to appoint an engineer, to jneet an engineer to be appointed by th said trustees, on a certain day to be mentioned in such notice, in order to examine the said mill stream, and to agree upon and settle to what height the water in the said mill stream ought to be kept up for the future, and to order and direct proper stones or posts to be fixed or setup in or on the banks of the said stream, and also near the said waterworks, with proper marks thereon denoting such height; and the determination of the said engineers, or any two of them, shall be final and conclusive.

In case the Paid

XXXVI. Provided always, That in case engineers ftiali not ngincers shall be appointed as aforesaid, or being so appointed, shall neglect withfn three r refu^e to or not agree therein within three calendar months after months after the day to be appointed for the meeting of the said their appoint engineers as aforesaid, that then the justices of the peace, at ment, the their general quarter sessions to be held for the said county of thertford*ertfor^ upon application made to them for that purpose on shire (halkap. behalf of the said trustees, or of the owner or occupier of the point another said mills, shall, and they are hereby required to name and ap engineer to point some able engineer to examine, settle, and determine ietdethefame. touching the matters aforesaid, and his determination shall be final and conclusive 3 and after such determination as aforesaid,

o the

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. p3

the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to cause such stones or ports as aforesaid to be forthwith fixed or setup, with proper marks thereon, and at such place and places as the said engineers or engineer (as the case may be) shall direct, in order to denote and fix the Height to which the water in the said rtream ought to be kept up; and the said trustees shall from time to time support and keep such stones or ports fixed, with such mark or marks as aforesaid, and all the charges and expenses attending the appointing and employing the said engineers, and also of erecting and fixing such stones or ports, and keeping and supporting the same as aforesaid, shall be born, paid, and defrayed by the said trustees, out of'any money arising by virtue of the said former acts, or of this act; and that after the said stones or ports shall be fixed or set The mills, cup, and marked as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the occu whenthe wa pier of the said mills, or the person having the care of the said tcr shall be be waterworks, to suffer the said mills, or waterworks, to work, low the marks or for the person having the care of the navigation there to keep on the stones open the cistern or lock near the said mills, when the water shall or posts be reduced below the mark or marks upon the said stones or ports; and in case the water within the said rtream shall at any time be reduced below the said mark or marks, and the occupier of the said mills shall not immediately (hut down the said mills, or the person having the care of the said waterworks shall not immediately (hut down the said works, or the person having the care of the navigation there as aforesaid shall not immediately (hut the said cistern or lock, so as to raise and keep up the water to the said mark or marks, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, (notice having been given to them respectively so to do), every such occupier, and other person aforesaid, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings; and in case any person or persons shall break, raise, pull up, fink Penalty on lower or destroy, or in any wise alter any of the stones or posts altering which shall be so fixed or setup as aforesaid, or obliterate, deface, mar*'&c# change, or alter, any letters, figures, or marks, which shall be inscribed thereon, every such person thall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Nothing to be in afeerraining the height at which the water in Dicker Mill

stream aforesaid Should be kept up for the future, or in fixing or er

setting up any such posts or stones as aforesaid, nothing shall be*done to the prejudice of Dicker Mills, or of the occupier thereof, or of the said waterworks, or of certain mills called Hertford Town Mills, or any occupier thereof,

XXXVIII. Provided also, That no occupier of the said mills Proviso* called Dicker Mills, or person having the care of the said waterworks, shall be subject to the penalty aforesaid, for not keeping

the waver in bicker Mill stream up to such height as aforesaid, whenever any of the works of the said navigation, above thy

3 thoutfi

324 Anna decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. [1779.

mouth of the cut or canal in King's Mead shall he out of repair.

Trustee* may

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore lease the rates said. That from and after the term of five years from and after after the end the passing of this a, the said trustees, or any seven or more ol five years. ef them, shall have full power and authority, by writing undo: their hands and seals, to let or demise ihe rates and duties authorised to be collected upon the said river, cuts, or canals, far any term not exceeding two years at any one time, for else highest relit they can get for the same, by public bidding or otherwise, the same to be payable at such times, and under such covenants, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit, (the said trustees taking proper securky from the person or persons to whom the said tolls shall be leased'or demised, for payment of the relit or rents, and performance of the covenants) 5 which relit and rents shall be paid to the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and shall be applied and disposed of in the same manner as the said rates and duties are by the said recited act of the.seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and this act, directed to be applied and disposed of.

Public notice

XL. Provided always, That one calendar month's previous thereof to be notice, at the least, be given in some of the public newspapers given. circulated in the said counties of Hertford, ej/ex^ Middlesex, and the city of London, of the intention of the said trustees to lease or demise the said rates and duties.

If the trustees

XLI. Provided also, That in case the said trustees (harll at any lease the tolls time let the said rates and duties, they shall, and are hereby they shall em requirecj, during such time as the rates and duties shall continue to^approv" d to be let as aforesaid, to keep constantly employed, at their of by sir Wii own costs and charges, some proper person, to be approved of Jiam Wake by the said sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, Flo er to take ^cir re*pe<^ve hrirs anc aligns, and such person is hereby anaccount of required to take and keep an exact and faithful account in the tonnage of writing of the tonnage of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, all goods pair which shall pass, from time to rhyme, through the said lock, fhr?agh in the cut near to King's ivrir aforesaid; and the said sir King? Weir. William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, their respective heirs apd assigns, shall have free liberty, from tiine to time, to inspect such accounts, and to take copies or extracts thereof; and it Hull and may be lawful for the said lif William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, and their respective heirs and assigns, within twenty days before the expiration of every year, to compare the same with the account kept by the lessee of the said tolls arising at King's Weir; and in case such lessee shall refuse to produce his account to the said sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer esquire, and their respective heirs and assigns, for the space of ten days after notice given for that purpose, that then and in that case his lease shall, at the expiration of the year, cease and determine.

XLII pro

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 325

XLII. Provided always and be it enacted and declared by The trultccs the authority aforesaid, That the trustees appointed or elected, "ndc|[ thor who shall hereafter be appointed or defied, by or in purfu ha?ecfull  ance of the said act, of the seventh year of the reign of his pre powertocarry sent Majesty, and all every or any of them shall have full thi* ait into power and authority to ad in the execution of this present act execution, of parliament in all respects and to11 intents and purposes as fully and effectually as if the several provisions contained in this act were inserted in the body of the said recited act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several penalties Penalties and and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be levied and recovered forfeitures in the same manner as any penalties or forfeitures are, by the how to b.c. said recited act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be applied for the purposes of the said recited acts, and this act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all persons ag persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the order or grieved may judgement of any justice or justices of the peace, upon account appeal to the of any offence committed or supposed to be committed, against this act, may appeal to the justices of the peace for either of the said counties where the offence was committed or supposed to be committed, at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held within the space of six calendar months after such cause of appeal shall happen, the person or persons so appealing first giving security, to the satisfaction of the said juice or justices, to profecure such appeal with effect and to pay the costs which shall be ascertained by the said general quarter fdfions* in case such order or judgement shall be affirmed; and the justices at such general or quarter sessions are hereby authorised and re quiied to hear and determine such appeal, and to make such Orders therein, and to award costs, as to them shall appear just; which orders (half be final and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or removable, by any writ of certiorari or, otherwise, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at ivej} minjur, or elsewhere; and that no order or proceeding to be had by or before any justirc of justices of the peace, relating to the execution of this act, stall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit. Limitation of or information shall be brought or commenced against any a^ons* person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act every such action suit, or information shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the counties of Hertford, ejtex, or Middlesex and not elsewhere; and the person or persons so sued or prosecuted may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this act and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any action, suit, or information, shall b.c. brought after the time before limited for bringing


Trtblc cob.

Expenses of this act how to be paid.

[Public act.]

[Preamble.]

Recital of 18 Geo. 3. cap.6.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1779.

the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action \ or information, after the defendant or defendants shall 1

have appeared, or if in any such action, suit, or information, '

judgement shall be given against the plantifif or plantitfs, the' 4 defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have t such repedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

XLVX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all thp cods, charges, and expenses incident to and attending the obtaining and pading this act, shall be paid out of the first moneys which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said former acts or this present act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act; and ail judges, judices, and other persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take nptipp thereof such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the lost session of parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act; and also for amending fi much of an act, made in the /eventeinth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, by an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, certain yearly rates and duties were granted upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, to be paid by the occupiets thereof; [that is to Jay), a duty of sixpence in the pound on all dwelling houses, with the household offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly relit of five pounds, and under the yearly relit of fifty pounds, and of one shilling in he pound on till dwelling houses, with the household offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly relit of fifty pounds and upwards \ to be estimates and ascertained in manner therein expressed: and whereas the said rates and duties do not bear a proper proportion to eaib other, and the payment thereof hath been greatly evaded we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, ijt parliament assembled, do therefore think that it vjill be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties on inhabited houses, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties on inhabited boujts herein after mentioned, to be applied to the uses and purposes which the said rates and dutitsy granted by the abovmentioned act, made

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59* 5*7

in the last session of parliaihefit, art now applicable unto; and da moji humbly be fetch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consenti of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day July, one After July 5* thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, the rates and duties ^j9*4nted" granted by the act, made in the last session of parliament, by the recited intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all act to cease. inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, except only such moneys as 'shall have become due in respect of the said rates and duties, assessed at any time on or before the said fifth day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and which shall be in arrear and unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That New duties to from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven J* hundred and seventy nine, there shall be charged, raised, levied

and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several

respective rates and duties upon all inhabited houses, with

their appurtenances, herein after mentioned, by the occupiers

thereof respectively; (that is to say), upon and for every dwell for all iohabi.

ing house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, ted dwelling

and gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied,

which now are, or hereafter shall be, erected within the king 10l. a5year,

dom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time bein f. in the

shall be, worth the yearly relit of five pounds and upwards, and Pound 1

under the yearly relit of twenty pounds the yearly sum of sixpence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling from 40 f fq

house inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards 2nd "the

gardens, as herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which pouo 9

now are, or hereafter shall be, erected within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being shall be,

worth the yearly relit of twenty pounds and upwards, and

under the yearly relit of forty pounds, the yearly sum of nine for all at

pence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling huk

inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens, s

herein after expressed, therewith occupied, which now afe, pound.

or hereafter shall be, erected within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being shall be, worth

the yearly relit of forty pounds and upwards the yearly sum of

one shilling in the pound, to be estimated and ascertained in the

manner in the said act and this present act expressed.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority where the aforesaid, That, in all parishes and places where the assessments afleirriients were made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of, or the/r?ner July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, to the ^defbvthreb to the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and quarrer* of a seventy nine, at the rates prescribed by the former act further year, a further assessment shall be made at the same rates for one quarter, from aflrcfflrtcnt f the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and made

seventy 1

1

328 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1779.

up to July 51 seventy nine, to the fifth day of July following $ and that if any, 779* rate or assessment, at fixpende in the pound, on the value

Sixpenny any house and household offices therewith occupied, worth the rates on boufet yearly fom of twenty pounds and upwards, hath been, or shall and upward*n pursuance of the said act for raising the said rate made for any nd duty thereby granted, for and in respect of the quarter, half time after July year, or any other time, after the said fifth day of July, ooe 5*.'779* thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every such rate or

V assessment so far as the same relates to the raising such rate and

duty, in respect of such quarter, half year, or other term, after the fifth day of July, shall be null and Void.

Assessment

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho for new duties rity aforesaid, That assessments shall be made out for raising the tobemadeout duties by this present act imposed, from the fifth day of jwjr, forthreequar one thousand seven hundred and seventy hine, to the sixth jday irn^o apru*6april, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; which assess-17801*ments shall be certified by the assessors, and returned by them

to the said of, on or before the tenth day of Stp* timber, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and that the surveyors shall and may, on or before the sixteenth day of November following, certify their surcharges for raising the bid duties for the said three quarters, to the said of; and that all appeals, in respect to the said three quarters assessments, shall and may be heard nd determined between the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy and after thit nine, and fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred tirn* to*and eighty; and that from and after the fifth day of Aprils one r?ualvt&c.n" t^ou^ar, d seven hundred and eighty, the said duties shall beaf sessed annually for one whole year, to commence from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all future years the af feuments shall be made out and certified, and the surcharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the same times as the assessf ments, surcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, and heard, on the duties on houses and windows.

coach houfrs, V And be it further enacted and declared, That every

den$anotoc coach house, stable, brewhouse, wash house, laundry, wood ceeding one house, bakehouse, dairy, and other offices, and all yards, courts, acre, to be and curtilages, and gardens, not exceeding one acre, belonging valued toge to, and occupied with, any dwelling house, chargeable to the dwelltn^lhc rates and duties imposed by this act, shall be valued together houses!8 with such dwelling house, and be liable to, and charged and assessed with the rates and duties imposed by this act.

If the Com VI And, for the mort effectual levying and colliding the duty rnissioners in imposed by this act, in that part of Great Britain called England walevfliau an Wales, be it enacted and declared, That in case at any time neglect to ap the commissioners for putting in execution this present ait, shall point assessors, neglect to appoint assessors, or in case the assessors by them ap c. the fur. pointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them, by ^rfornttlaleir t*lc feidail fefl*on of parliament, and this present aa;

duty. that then, and in such case, it (had and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or to be appointed in

that

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 9. 329

that behalf, to do and perform such and the like services as are by the said acts required froiq such assessors.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Part of the re that that part of thetaid recited a d, whereby the comraiffio cited ad refers thereby appointed for putting the same in execution, have p pother to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish, the assessments to be delivered to the said of, before such of

shah have set their names to such respective assessments, testify ing their allowance thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That, from and aer After July cf

the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy 1779*n alkff nine, no assessments which shall be made or delivered to the said of, or any three or more of them, pursuant to the delivered to said act, or this present act, shall be altered or diminithed before the commi (Tithe time for hearing and determining appeals, and then only oners, shall be upon the of hearing the matter of the appeal parti a^tcr?c* before cularly relating thereto, or concerning the same, upon a general ^arir^ap appeal day., peals.

IX. And whereas the said act recited, That several manufacturti, ^fl, opl ancj trades occupationj, and callingsy necessarily require warehouses and warehouses buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof the per attached to the sins concerned therein are obliged to pay large relit) or have laid out j|wcfc ii^confederate ferns thereony and that it might be a great hardship upon charged to the fetch persons to be rated to the full extent of their respective rentsy or rare together 'tf the value of the premises abovementioned; and it was thereby with such auafted and declared, That such premises Should not be liable to the duty dwelling imposed by the said act, but that the assessment Should be made on the "ou C only, with the household office belonging to it; And

wherea*) under colour of the said exemption, the payment of the said rate and duties hath been greatly eludedy it is therefore hereby enacted, That all (hops and warehouses, which are attached to the dwelling house, or have any communication therewith,

(except such warehouses and buildings upon or near adjoining Exceptrhofc to wharves, which are occupied by persons who carry on the buii * wharfin oefs of wharfingers, and who have dwelling*houses upon the 8cra* said wharves for the residence of themselves or fervanrs employed Upon the said wharves, and who are to be rated in respect of the said dwelling houses only,) shall be charged with the rates and duties granted by this act, together with the dwelling house and the household and other offices thereto belonging; anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au No warehoofe thority aforesaid, That no warehouse, being a diflind and which is a di separate building, and not part or parcel of the dwelling house tind building or (hop, but employed solely for the purpose of lodging goods, ^ling warest and merchandise, or for carrying on some manufacture, houseand (although the same may adjoin to, or have an internal com mu (hop, shall be nicationwith, thedwelling house)) be charged with the rates charged with

and duties granted by this act; anything therein contained to the rate the contrary notwithstanding

Apd

o Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 9.[1779.

All inhabited

XI. And whereas it is declared by the said act of the last ftffm houses ot 5 A cf parliament That no houses hall, within the intention of that ad, ward so tic" be deemed or taken to be inhabited houses, except the same shall be in subjt& to the habited by the owner, or by a tenant renting the same: And whereas duties, except doubts have arisen, whether houses inhabited by persons who pay no relit such a are for the jam are with\n tfje meaning of the said act; be it further cepted by the enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all houses within the recited act. kingdom of Great Britain, of the annual value of five pounds, No house to and upwards, inhabited by any person or persons whatsoever, be deemed in shall be subject to the duty imposed by this act, except such as are which on? expressly excepted by the said recited act: provided always, That onecperson no ^oufc shall be considered as an inhabited house in which a reside to take servant or other person only resides to take care of the same, care thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted ind declared, That where Where houses any house shall be divided into different (lories or tene ferenvtcne^mcnls> ct n different apartments to several persons, and ments, the" subject by the said rpcited act to the duties thereby granted ts landlord shall if the same was inhabited by one person or family only, the be deemed the landlord or owner of every such house shall be deemed and ta occupier. kcn to the occupier of such dwelling house, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the duties imposed by this act; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

All halls and

XIII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the autho officti charge rity aforesaid, That all and every hall and office whatsoever be able toother longing to any person or persons, or to any bodies politic or rates to be*corporate, that are or may be lawfully charged with the payment (ubje'ft to the of any other taxes or parish rates, shall be subject to the duties duties granted granted by this act, and shall berespectivelycharged as inhabited by this act. houses within the true intent and meaning of this act; and the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, to whom the same shall belong, shall be charged and assessed as the occupiers t thereof.

Commission

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ers tobefworn aforesaid, That no person shall presume to act as a commissioner before they in the execution of the said recited act, or of this present act, or ad^mhe* Part x^c bdre recited a of the seventeenth year of

recited acts. his present Majesty as relates to the granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned, or any of the powers therein or herein contained, until he hath sirs taken (besides the oaths required to he taken by any other act or acts of parliament) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers) made and subscribed his solemn affirmation, in the following manner:

The oath. AB. do swear, (or affirm as the case may require,) That 1*will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commrj/tonery and will determent upon all appeals which shall be brought before me at cording to the left of my/kill and judgement, pursuant to the acts of parliament in that itbalf*

St m.p. me GOD. XV Pro:

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 9. 331

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by Uie au commission thority aforesaid, that no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of the said recited acts, or of this to be present act, or any of the powers therein or herein contained, sworn at ro within the city of London and liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, their qualifi nor within the city and liberty of Westminster, unless such per cauon* son be possessed of lands, tenements, or personal estate, to the amount or value of two thousand pounds at lead, after the payment of all his debts, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which qualification they shall swear to previous to their aiding as aforesaid, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe his solemn affirmation, in the following form:

I A.B. do swear, (or affirm, as the case may require,) tat I The oath.

truly and bona fide have such an estate, consisting of (specifying the same,) of the clear value of two thousand pounds over and above what will satisfy and discharge all my debts.

So help me GOD.

And if any person shall presume to ail as a commissioner in the Penalty on execution of the said recited acts, or of this present actor any commissioner* of the powers therein or herein contained, before he shall have ^nfiave tak taken such oaths, or made such affirmations, as herein directed, cn fheoath*/ he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety*thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or persons who will inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And whereas, by the said recited act of the seventeenth year Recital of of his present Majesty, it is provided, That in case any ntafter or mi Part of the ft refs shall neglect or refttfe to make out, sign, and deliver, to the of fejjor or assessors to be appointed by virtue of the said act, a list of his 17 co 3' or her servants, as by the said act is required; or in case, in any list delivered, any servant or servants jboll, by the said ajfejfor or assessors, be found to be omitted, then, and in either of the said cases, such af fejfor or assessors are by the act authorised and impozvered to make, upon such waster or mistress so neglecting or rifufing to deliver a list, or delivering a deficient list, of his or her servants, an assessment of the number of servants retained or employed by fuel) master or mijlrcfs, as in the said act is mentioned, distir.gu thing their christian and surnames, and their respective employments; and the surveyor or surveyors, in the said act mentioned, are by the said act authorised and required to examine every list and assessment, and if he or they shall dffcover that any master or mistress, who Should and ought to be charged with the said duty, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, he or they are directed to certify, as in the said act mentioned, such servant or servants as have been omitted, together with the christian and fur name, and the employment, of each servant, by way of fur charge: And whereas great difficulties have occurred to the assessors and surveyors, in making such offejfmints and fur charges, in discovering the names and employments of the servants,

in

33. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59; [1779.

in respect of whom the majkr or mistress ought to be assessed ini No afltffraent charged; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That or furcuarge, no assessment or surcharge, made or to be made, by any afleffcr assessor*&c*y or ar>r,furvyr or Purveyors, by virtue of the said act, dr shall be im this present act, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any peached for miftafce or variance in the christian or surname, or either of them, any mistakein of any servants, or in the description of their employments; but iiama C a^e^mcn's and surcharges shall be valid and effec

tual, to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such mistake or variance, provided the person or persons intended to be described shall be a servant or servants, in respect of whom the matter or mistress ought to be assessed within the meaning of the said act.

Regulations

XVII. And whereas y by the said atl of the seventeenth year of his relating to present Majesty, notice is taken that many masters and miffrejfts have or may have, different places of residencey or may have fcrvattts strent plles ln r*spe^ f w^om such masters or mifireffes may be liable to be rated of residence. r assessedfjlationed or refuting in different places, and relief is therein provided to prevent such masters and mifireffes from being assessed in more places than one for their respective servants, which has been found to be attended with confederable difficulties, and afforded oceafien for many evasions be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such matter or mistress, when he or she is called upon by the assessors for a list of his or her servants, in each paritti or district where he or she has a place of residence, as directed by the said recited act, shall at the same time return a list, or make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the number of servants they mean to pav for at every other place, speccifying the particular parish or parishes wherein he or she means to pay for such other servant or servants; and the said assessors shall

Penalty on masters for not returning servants in one parish, according to lists, C delivered in another.

All the powers, rules, pe

enter the same at the end of their severalassessments, and deliver them to the surveyor for the district, that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes; and on failure of the delivery of such list, or making a declaration, in the manner abovementioned, by any matter or mistress, the assessors or surveyors shall, and are hertby required to surcharge such master or mistress for every servant who has been retained by any master or mistress respectively, within the paritti for which the assessment is made, during the year ending the fifth day of April preceding the making futh assessment.

XVIII Andit8 hereby further enacted and declared, That if it shall be discoverd that any servant or servants have not been returned by a master or mistress in one parish, according to the lists or declarations delivered in another, in order to their being brought regularly, into charge by the assessors, the master or mistress of such servant or servants shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds, one half to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other to the person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 60, 61.

That all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, chases, matters, and things, not hereby altered, contained in the said recited acts, made in the seven teepth year of his present Majesty, and in the last session of parliament, or either of them, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for raising and levying, collecting and paying, the several rates and duties on servants, and on inhabited houses, by the said acts, and this present act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offences against this act, for which there is no particular way of levying herein prescribed or appointed, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with costs of suit, by action ot debt, or on the case, bilf, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in purtyance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LX.

An act for efubluhing certain payments to be made to the vicar of the panfli of Saint Micnael in the city of Coventry lor the time being in lieu of tithes j and for repealing lo much of an act of the fourth and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the payment of tithes in the said parish.

CAP. LXI.

An act for continuing in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a limited time, so much of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the course of the present year.

WHEREAS

ni

nalties, See. in the recited acts, (not hereby altered,) to be observed in executing the said acts, and this, ad.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Persons sued in executing this act, may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

334

pteamble. Recital of jjgeo. i tap. 64.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6r.

[177

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money, to be raised by exchequer bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company 1 of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; it was directed, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treafufer for the time being, Should' cause to be prepared and made any number of exchequer bills not exceeding in the whole the amount of one million four hundred thousand pounds, to be lent, advanced, and ijsued, as in the said act was dire stead, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the eat Indies; and whereas by the said act it was declared, That in the then circumstances of the East India company, it would not be in their power to provide for the repayment of the loan aforesaid, and for establishing their affairs upon a more secure foundation for the time to come, unless the public Should agree to forego, for the then present time, all participation in the profits arifeng from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and therefore it was by the said act enacted, That until the aforesaid sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds Should be repaid, and the bond debt of the company be reduced to the sum of one million five bundrii thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the aforesaid territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and qxpences attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges and expenses, of the said company, Should, from time to time, be disposed of and applied in that manner as in the said act wai directed; [that is to say) until the aforesaid sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds Should be repaid, and so long as the faiafum, or any part thereof, Should remain unpaid, there Should, in the first place, be set apart and applied, out of the said clear revenues and profits, such a sum as might be fuffcier.l for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annum Upon the capital stock of the said company; and all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be applied in diminution of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as Should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charge incurred in respect thereof; and after the repayment of the whole of the money so advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the bond debt of the said company Should be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, there Should in like manner be set apart and applied, in the first place, out of the said clear revenues and profits, such sum as might be suffic\ent for answering a dividend, not exceeding the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum upon the capital stock of the said company; after which all the surplus of the fold clear revamps and profits Should be applied in reducing the bond debt of the said company: And whereas the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds hp been repaid, and fully discharged, and all the charges incurred in respect thereof have been defrayedand the bond

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6t.

debt of the aid company has been reduced to, or under, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, whereby the circumfiames, in confederation whereof it was im the aforesaid act declared that the public t Should agree to for ego, for the then present time, all participation in the profit arising from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, have ceased and are determined but whereas notwithstanding it may be expedient that the aforesaid territorial acquisitions and revenues Should, for a limited time, and under certain conditions and restrictions, remain in the possession of the united company of merchants g England trading to the East Indies: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all the territorial acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, for'and during the term of one year, to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for and during the said term, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges and expenses, of the said company, shall bedilposed of and applied in manner following: that is to say, it shall and may be lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits, to set apart and apply in the first place, such sum as may be sufficient for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said company, after which the whole surplus of the said clear revenues and profits shall be reserved and await any future agreement that may be made between the public and the said company.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this act, the said united com

Sdo cause, and they are hereby directed and required to i to be made up half yearly, with as much accuracy as the nature of the case will admit, a statement or account of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said company, together with a state of the debts of the said company, in England, exclusive of their bond debt, to the first day of September, and the first day of March; the first of such statements or accounts to be made up from the first day of March to the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine j and to transmit such statement or account fairly written, and signed by two or more of the directors of the Vo I. XXXII Z - said

335

All the teni tonal acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in theealt Indies, to remain in possession of the company till April 5, 1780.

No dividend to be made by the company, before April 5, 1780, of moe than eight percent per ann.

The company are to cause to be made up halt yearly, du ing the continuance of this atfv an account of the profit and lofis upon their trade, See,

which shall be transmitted to the commis Goners of the treasury.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.

[1779.

said united company, within twenty one days after the day to Which such statement or account shall be made up respectively, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

The company

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during rest rifled from the continuance of this act, it shall not be lawful for the (laid accepting bill united company, or their successors, or any of their officers fui^drawn on or ^erv?nts on their account, to accept or otherwise bind the them by their kid company, or their successors, for the payment of any bill officers, C in or bills of exchange, drawn by any of their officers or servants, theeaft ndies. at any of their presidencies in the East Indies, for any sum exceeding the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, exclusive of certificates, to the amount of eight thousand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company's ships, with without the out consent and order first had and obtained of the commis con.'ent of the sioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three of or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, of the treasury. wj1q are hereby respectively authorised to give such consent, or to make such order thereon as they shall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary, to the true meaning and intent of this act, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

Recital of*V And whereas by another act, passed in the same session of per 13 Geo. liameni, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations for

Cap. 63. the better management of the affairs of the Eafi Inda company, as well in India as in Europe, it was, among other things, enabled, That, for the government of the preftdency of Yon William in Bengal, there Should be appointed a governor-general and four counsellors, and that the whole civil and military government of the fid preji demy, and also the ordering, management, and government, oj all the territorial acquifetions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, Should, during such time as the territorial acqui f lions and revenues Should remain in the poffission of the said united company, be vejled in the said governor-general and council of the said preftdency of Fort William in Bengal; and afo that the governor-general and four first councillors, appointed by the said act, Should each of them hold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the term of Jive years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the said preftdency, and Should not be removable in the mean time, except by his Majesty, his heirs and successiors, upon representat'm made by the court of dir eft or s for the said united company for the time being: and whereas it may be expedient that the said regulation Should be extended to the person and persons who, at the time of pnffing this act, shall have and enjoy the respective offices of governor-general, and The governor counj-ehors of preftdency; be it therefore enacted by the

councillors of authority aforesaid, That the person and persons who, at the the preiidency time of the passing of this act, shall have and enjoy the office ot Sort Will and offices of governor-general and counsellors of the said pre tln'ue If their" ^deilcy, shall hold and continue in his and their respectiveof lffices'dut nig foes fr and during the continuance of this act, and shall not

be

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0*62. 337

be removable in the mean time, except by his Majesty, his the continu heirs and successors, upon representation made by the court of5* of this directors for the said united company for the time being; and jilcycshouldbe shall have and enjoy all and singular the powers and authorities reeved by his veiled by the said act in the first governor-general, and four first Majesty, Sec. counsellors by the said act appointed, and shall be subject to the said restrictions and limitations as by the said act the first governor-general and first four counsellors were made subject; and that in case of the avoidance of the offices of such governor-general, or any of the said counsellors, such office shall be respectively supplied in the said manner as the same office would by the said act have been supplied, during the remainder of the term of five years which was computed from the time that the first governor general and four first counsellors took upon them the government of the said presidency.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That Thisaftnotto nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ntfcfl the rights extend, to affect the rights of the crown, or of the said company,

after the expiration of this act; but that the same shall park, after the remain, continue, and be in the same state and condition, in expiation all respects, as though this act had never been made. thereof,

[Publick act.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; of

which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXII.

An act to permit the removal of lime, and other articles necessary for the improvement of land, without cocquet or bond.

[Preamble.]

WH R REAS by an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled,

An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuse in his Ma rec*lta) Df an jesty's customs), it was amongst other things, enafied, That if any act 13 and 14 goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall be shipped or put on board to be Car. a. carried forth to the open sea, from any one port, creek, or member, of England, dominion of Wales, or port and town Berwick, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a fuffierance or warrant first had and obtained from the officers of his Majesty's cufi toms, all such goods, wares, and merchandizes, shall be forfeited and lost; and that the master of every ship or vessel that shall so lade or take in any such goods, wares, or merchandizes, to be landed and discharged as aforesaid, shall, before the ship or vessel be removed or carried out of the port from whence he shall take in his lacting, take out a cocquet or cocquets, and become bound to the King's majesty, with good security, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandizes, for delivery and discharge thereof, in the port or place for which the same shall be entered, or in some other port or place in this kingdom: and whereas, in order to promote the cultivation and improvement of

jj8 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [1779.

lani, > it is expedient that lime and other articles necessary for thet' purtofe, Should be removed at as little expense as poffble to the owners

and proprietors of such land, and that they Should not be put to any trouble or difficulty more than is necessary for the security of the fublick revenue; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, After 14 June, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-1779, lime, C fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy

ovement of n*nc* n coc(luct or bnd^rc(lu*re(j or taken by any iand'may be or officers of the customs, from the matter or owner of

carried from any hoy, vessel, or boat, or from any other person whatsoever, port to port, for carrying or removing of any lime, limestones, chalk, wllho "J marie, or dung, from any port, member, or creek, in Greet quet or bond. Britain, to be landed at any other port or place within the said kingdom; but such lime, limestones, chalk, marie, and dung, may be so shipped and laden, at any port, member, or creek, within this kingdom, by sufferance or warrant, and may be removed and carried by open sea, and landed at any other port 1 or place in Great Britain, by transtre only; anything in the said recited act, or any other act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sevenly nine.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

T your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have revived to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Comroiflio parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ners of the it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of his treasury may majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or^00 000/ more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any

byloantand time or times before the fifth day of January, one thousand exchequer seven hundred and eighty, to cause or direct any loans to be bills, before taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer from any perfoa Jan. 5, 1780. or person natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million in manner as five hundred thousand pounds, in the same or like manner,

form.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. 339

form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and by the land w directions, as in and by an a d of this present session of parliament, (entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a scribed^&cf" land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year

one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine,) are prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses in

all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, ad van the said act re. tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the ioani

said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer billsor 1 5* authorised to be made by the same ad, (except such clauses as(txcept, Ac.) do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same ad, and

except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned), shall be applied and ex extended to tended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfu stance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re*in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho Exchequer rity aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued j^ved again" at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth in payment of day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, received any taxes, or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or collector, in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of April; nor shall any such receiver or collector ex norexchanged change, at any time before the said sixth day of April, for any before April money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his bands, v170, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained Adionnotto against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange jny such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April, anything in the said act made in this present section of parliament, (entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine) or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Money so That all such leans or exchequer bills, together with the in 'out of terest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending che next parli

Z 3 the amentary aid j

30qle

and if none

b? granted before ju'y 5, 1780.

to be charged on the sinking fund.

Moneys fois foed to be replaced out of the first supplies,

Bank of England autlio rifed to advance the said sum on the credit of this act;

aft s & 6 Oul. Sc Mariae not mihlunding.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [1779.

the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first aids or supplies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interests, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such moneys as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July, shall be or remain in the receiut of the exchequer of the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, ( and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the rbfpeftivd proprietors thereof.

V Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so issued out of the said surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, or father revenues composing the sinking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, anything in an act, made in the fifth hnd sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, (entitled. An act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of Ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recompenses and ad vantages, in the said act mentioned, to such persons as hail voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war against France,) to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

341

177^1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 64.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy ninr.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedb, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have revived to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and commission may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's of the treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any time or ^00^0001 times before the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun by loans and dred and eighty, to cause or direct any loans to be taken or re exchequer ceived at his Majesty's exchequer from any person or persons, before natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or Jan any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together in the whole the sum of one million, nine hundred thousand pounds, in the same or like manner, form, and order, in manner as and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by the land by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred andfe- 9

venty nine, are prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills, to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses in all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advanta the said act ges, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said rating to last mentioned act relating to the loans of exchequer bills au oansor ills thorised to be made by the same aft (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same aft, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) hall be applied and extended to extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purlu this act. ance of this act, as Fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said severs! clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho Exchrqufr Z 4 ricy bills (0 issued

342 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 64. [1779.

not to be re rity aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out ceived again by virtue of this at shall, after the same hath or have been issu in payment of at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth any taxe, jay of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or collector in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than, for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth nor exebang day of April; nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, A 8 at any limc before fi day * April for any money of

Pr7 o. revenucsj ai(js> taxes or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by Aftmn not to virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any lie for such such receiver or collector for neglecting or refuting to exchange

rclu a1, any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April, anything in the said a made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty bj a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of thereat one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or this a, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money so

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raised to be That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the inter th^nex^upar Premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the hamentary*same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon,

aid $ and shall be repaid or born by or out of the firstaids or supplies

which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and if none and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall hot be granted be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun

before July 5, dred and eighty, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with, 7*0' the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attend

to be charged ing the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable ffstund upon moneys as at any time or times at or after the said s*fifth day of July shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the lurpluftes, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf;,) and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

Moneys fois V Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore (atd to be re yj^2t whatever moneys shall be so issued out of the said

surplusses,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5. 34.3

surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, or other revenues compos placed out of ing the sinking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and the first itip out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament j p anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority Bank ofeng aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor landautho and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his vance^he said Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon sum on, he the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money credit of this not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million, nine hun > thousand pounds, anything in an act, made in the fifth AS 5 & 6 and sixth years of the reign of King jviltiam and Queen Mary, Gul. & Marias intituled An act for granting to their Majesties Jevyral rates not wit hit and and duties upon tonnage of flaps and vesseland upon beer ale and, ilg* other liquors for securing certain recompenses and advantages in the said act mentioned to such persons as pall voluntarily advance the sum of one million, five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXV.

An act for the further augmentation of the salaries of the fuifne justices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer, at Westminder.

WHEREAS it is reasonable and expedient that a further aug preamble, j mentation Should be made to the salaries of the puisne justices of the courts of Kingrs bench and common pleas and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer at Westminster; anl whereas the several jump duties granted by diverse acts of parliament, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, and in the second and fifth years of his present Majesty's reign and appropriated for the payment of the augmented salaries of the respective judges and justices therein mentioned; and which ftnee that time, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty have been charged with the payment of a second augmentation of the salaries of the justices of Chester, and of the great sessions for the counties of Wales, have for many years pafi produced annually a considerable surplus but not sufficient to supply so much as is tie cessary for such further augmentation as aforesaid; and there remained in the receipt of the exchequer on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy - the sum of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety seven pounds ten billings and five pence farthing, of the surplusses of the several ft amp duties aforesaid: and whereas the deduction offlxpence in the pound out of all moneys paid upon all salaries penfjons* annuities, and other payments from the crown established by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the first* after satisfying the annuities thereby charged on the same hath asso for many years pass produced a very confiicra*tie surplus, all which said several surplusses are by the said acts re fspectively referred for the disposition of parliament; be it therefore enacted

After July 5,779*l&ere shall be paid yearly out of the iiuplufies of certain stamp duties, See. the following sums, in augmentation of the judges fala rie 'vide iicet,

400l. to each p jilne judge in the King's bench and common p: eis; 500l. to the cmef baron, and 400 /. to each of the other barons of the exchequer.

[Preamble.]

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1779.

enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, there shall be yearly, and every year, issued, paid, and applied, out of the said sum of fifteen thousand two hundred and mnety seven pounds, ten Shillings, and five pence farthing, of the surplusses of the said several lamp duties so remaining in the receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid; and out of all or any of the surplusses which have arisen or shall arise upon the said several lamp duties granted by the acts aforesaid, (after the payments already charged thereupon shall from time to time have been satisfied,) and out of the surplusses now remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, and which shall hereafter arise, upon the said deductions of six in the pound out of all salaries, penfiom, annuities, and other payments as aforesaid, after satisfying the said several annuities already charged on the same the sums of money following, to the several judges herein after mentioned, as an addition to and in further augmentation of their respective salaries; that is to say, the sum of four hundred pounds to each of the puisne justices for the time being in the courts of king's bench I and common pleas at ip'eflminster; the sum of five hundred*pounds to the chief baron for the time being in the court of exchequer at Westminster; and the sum of four hundred pounds to each of the other barons of the coif for the time being in the said court of exchequer; which said several and respective sums of money shall be and are hereby charged upon the said (um of fifteen thousand two hundred and ninety seven p:nds, ten Shillings, and five pence farthing, and also upon the several fur plufles aforesaid; shall be paid thereout in every year at such time and times and in such manner, as the salaries of the said judges now are or have been accustomarily paid.

CAP. LX VI

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for better securirg the Jl amp duties upon indentures, leafs, deeds, and other injlnt* ments.

Most gracious Sovereign

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

tele

1779 1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 66. 345

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thiit, from and after the second day of August, After Aug. s, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, there shall be779. the fol raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and dutie* to be successors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say,) paid; vmiat,

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or For every (kin piece of paper, upon which any probate of a will, or letters of of parchment, administration for any estate of or above the value of one hun or (pa' dred pounds, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, an additio {^c'probate of ^nal stamp duty of twenty Shillings; and a further additional a will, or ad stamp duty of twenty Shillings where the estate is of, or above, mimttering to the value of three hundred pounds, over and above all other an ej*au of duties now charged thereon: 'C

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or per CV'piece of paper, upon which is ingrossed or written the copy of cussed any will, an additional stamp duty of one penny: in the copy of

r or every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece a wiil*1 of paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any libel, allegation, deposition, or inventory, exhibited in any ecclesiastical court, the canny courts of admiralty, and cinque ports, and all copies thereof, an cletiaitical additional stamp duty of sixpence: corn t, Sec. 6j.

For every piece of vehum or parchment, upon which any For every writ of covenant for levying fines shall be ingrossed or written, piece, C tiled an additional stamp duty of five Shillings: covenant for

For every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ icvying fines, of entry for suffering a common recovery shall be ingrossed or 5l. written, an additional stamp duty of five Shillings: ditto used

For every skin of vellum, upon which is ingrossed or written in writs f any exemplification, of what nature soever, that shall pass the coni seal of any court whatsoever, an additional stamp duty of five moufecovery, Shillings; 5l.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or For every piece of paper, upon which any presentation or donation which k, n ve!* shall pass the great seat, or upon which any collation to be exemp?i made by any archbishop or other bfthop, or any presentation or fication that donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any be shall pass the nefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatso fealofahy ever, shall be ingrossed or written, an additional stamp duty of p01*1^'* forty shilling; such benefice, dignity, or promotion, ficmjkc^uftd shall be of the yearly value of ten pounds, or above, in the in any pre king's books: fenratiort or

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or donation on piece of paper, upon which any dispensation to hold two eccle f/af|0?in^ny fiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, collation, Sec. or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of to any ceclefi canterbury, or the matter of the faculties for the time being, Promo shall be ingrossed or written, an additional stamp duty of forty aenainvva shillings: lue, 40l.

For For every

skin, See. used in any dispensation to hold two benefices, See. 40 /.'

346

For every kin. See. used in any drawback of customs, Sec, 8 d.

For every

piece, C

\ifed in any bill of lading lor exportation, d.

Probates of the wills, See. of common seamen or soldiers not chargeable by this act.

The aforesaid duties to be under the management of the commissioners of the stamp office,

Commish oners may provide one new (lamp to denote the several duties granted by different a

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1779.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingracted, written, or printed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs or duties or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect of the rethipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which shall be exported or shipped to be exported from Great Britain for any parts beyond the seas, an additional lamp duty of eight pence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingracted, written, or printed, any note or bill of lacting, which shall be signed for any goods or merchandizes to be exported, an additional stamp duty of fourpence.

II. Provided, That nothing in this ail contained shall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administration, of any common seaman or soldier who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain of the ship or vessel, or captain of the troop or company, under whom such seamen or soldier served at the time of bus death, and oath made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted which oath, such judge or officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and for which no see or reward shall be taken.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said additional duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to use and provide such damps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication ot damps upon such pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of paper, on which several duties are by several acts of parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for thfesaid of, instead of the distinct damps directed to be provided to denote the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause, if they shall see ^ccasion, one new damp to be provided to denote the said several duties, and the duty granted by this act, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or iheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

1779'1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 347

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All vellum. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties See. liable to hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, print he "J^ u ed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for damping it

or marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the said commit grofled. See. (ioners, by themselves, or by their officers employed under them, be brought to shall forthwith, upon demand to them made, by any person orhf ttamp persons, from time to time, stamp or mark, as this act directs, C

any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought to them for that purpose, the person so bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the lamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Usual allow that the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any (cnt payment, former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, isdirested and allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Stamp may That such (lamps, as the said commimoners are hereby directed be altered and and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and rencwc<1# renewed in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and

that all persons, who shall have in their ctistody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the (lamp or mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a (lamp denoting any former duty, a new (lamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If any person That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or

allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament, for with intent the purpose of denoting the duties by this or any other act of to defraud h parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the impress (ion of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs duuw* and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament relating to the lamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, such person and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, shall (offer and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of ai a clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All powers, all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, distribution of penalties dittribotion and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, prescribed or p^eferib appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to ed by former the ftajnp dulies on vellum, parohment, and paper, shall be of lamp aft

_ to be applied

in cx'oimob of (bu a.

receiver-general to kep a ferrate account of the duties grant

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 66. [1779.

full force and effect with relation to the several duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional and new duties hereby imposed, according to the tnte intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enact with relation to the said additional and new duties hereby imposed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

and to pay the same into the exchequer.

Auditor of

of all applica turn thereof.

ed bytbis&a, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several <jutjcs>an<j pay the same (the necessary charges of

raising, paying, and accounting for the lame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purposesin this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, aredi reded to be paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&d, to^kec^r}^1^ That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the aodi para^caccount for f !e kid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which

all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the salt! money, (o paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this fefficnof parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expencesas are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising actr* tain sum of money by way of annuities, and for efiabushing a lottery.

XII. And whereas, by the several laws now in forcey in order a prevent his Majesh his heirs or successors, from being defrauded of exj

have*lattv*'in* f the duties charged upon vellum, parebment, and paper, it is enafiti> giolfed more That all records, writs, pleadings, or other proceedings, in courts tf than thrusual law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatfsevery \ "nnofy*n \ chrgod with the stamp duties, shall be ingrossed or written in such mentto*&e manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written, ani diminution of whereas, till the last stamp duties were imposed, it was the gt the fiamp tteral practice to insert in one skin of parchment twelve chancery jheetsy duties. containing ninety words in each (beet, or fifteen common-law jbettsy

containing seventy two words in each sheet, and the same bos but held a fair and reasonable quantity to be ingrossed and written in and upon each skin of parchment, and that the usual charge for drawing and ing ojfing the same, might, upon any cojls to be taxed, be fairly oil equitably allowed; and whereas several persons, in injury to his mo jcjlys revenue of (lamps, insert in one skin of parchment the contents of a greater quantity of (beets than the quantity of chancery, or cm i man

Preamble; resiling that

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5.

mon law beets above specified, and charge their clients or employers double or treble the sum for drawing and ingrejjing such /kins, calling the same double and treble/kinsy and pretending that they insert twice or three times as much in quantity as they are obliged to do; and thaty upon a taxation, they would be, allowed as much as they have charged, reckoning the same by the number of /beetsy by which means the client or employer, instead of judging of such charge by the number of skins y is liable to be imposed upon y and the revenue of lamps materially injured and diminished, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the patting of this a, all attorneys, solicitors, or other persons, shall make their several charges, at and after the known and usual rates, upon the: r client or employer, by the number of skins they shall so ingross or write, and nor otherwise; and that if any attorney, fohcitor, or other person, shall, for the wrking or ingrossing one (kin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one (kin, making his charge by the sheet, or in any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having inserted in such one (kin or parchment a greater number of (beets than what they are obliged to do, or than what is usually done, or under any pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client; and further that every attorney, solicitor, or other person, shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of suit, to any person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any court of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the charge to be made for the ingrossing any deed, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity or number of (beets to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in each (kin according to the number of (heets above specified.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become norisuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plantiffs.

34?

Attorneys, Sc C to charge their clients by the number of skins they ingross, accord nig to the ufua! rates.'Double or treble charges not payable;

but subject the perlop making the same to the forfeiture of io.

The above csause not to extend to the charge (or any deed, the whole of which shall not amount to the usual quantity contained in two skins.

Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general ifluej

and recover treble costs.

[Preamble.]

Prize made by the king's ships to be divided between the captors.

in the proportions by his Majesty already ordered, or to be hereafter ordered, by proclamation.

Admiralty to ifluecommissions to privateers, on the owners giving proper le cunty.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1779.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for the encouragement of seamen and the more Jfretdj oni ef fefinal manning his Mqjejlfs Navy.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council, dated that twenty ninth day ofj ufy, one thousand seven hundred and /( venty eighty was plea fed to order that general reprizals be granted ogoinji the ships, goods, and subjects of the French King; and that aswtll all his Majestf s fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and vessels thet shall be commissioned, by letters of mark or general reprisals, tr otherwise by his Majestfs commissmers for executing the office oflsri high admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the French King, or his subjects, r others inhabiting within any the territories of the French King, aid bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majestfs dominions; now, for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of his Majestfs Ships of war, and the officers and see men of all other British Ships and vessels having commissions ani letters of mark, and for inducing all British seamen who may be in any foreign service to return into this kingdom, and become fervueollt to his Mo j fly; and for the more effectual securing and extending the trade of his Majestfs subjects; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pr^sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, shall have the folc interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have taken (ince the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or shall hereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against France, after the same (hdl have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his proclamation of the sixteenth day of September last, already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, at the request of any owner or owners of any ship or vessel, giving speh bail and security as is herein after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth in the usual manner one or more cqm* mission or commissions to any person or persons whom such owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or, in case of

death

1.779-1 Anno'decinao nono Georgii III. c. 67, 351

death, successively commanders of such ship or vessel, for the at taeking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such ship or vessel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortress upon the land, or any ship or vessel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandise, belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty's enemies, upon the land, or in any sea, creek, haven, or river; and that such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or prizes made any arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes by <uch com whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, and apparel, so to jibe

taken by or with such private ship or vessel, according to vi*led between such commission or commissions, after final adjudication as the owners lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty as afore and captor, said, and not before, shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of such ship of cun" vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such shares and proportions as shall be agreed upon with the owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons who shall be entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves; that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person, commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons schat soever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, being the captor of such prize, ship, or vessel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under him or them, shall be entitled to any part or share thereof, (except as to the customs and duties payable by any a or alls of parliament:,) any custom, statute, or other law, to the contrary not*ithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall No commis entitle any ship having a commission, and which shall receive or honed ship to ders from, and pur herself under the convoy of any of his Ma have share ia jesty's ships or vessels, to (bate in any prize or prizes taken by ^les^i* such convby, or by such ship having a commission, whilst the under convoy said commissioned ship shall remain under the care and protection of such convoy.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all All prit? prize ships or vessels which shall be legally condemned, shall, to

all intents and purposes whatsoever, be considered as british iharil be deem^built ships or vessel, and be deemed and taken as such, and ed brirish shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same rights, built ship, liberties, privileges, and advantages, in all respects whatsoever, with british built ships or vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the rules and regulations that britijif built ships or vessels are subject and liable to; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty it shall and may be lawful to and for the lora high admiral of Great Britain or the commissioners for executing the office of arand

1 V o Zm XXXII A a lord Privateer.

Sfecrtta'ry of Hfbt: aci mi ratty

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. Gw 177

lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any. time or times hereafter, to revoke and make Void, by any order or orders, in writing wider his or their hand or bands, any commission or courujuffiea* winch hath, have been, or shall be issued forth to any person or persons who hath, have been, or shall be nominated com tnander or commanders of any ship or vessel, either in purfu anee of his Majesty's aforesaid order in council, or this present act,

VI. Provided nevertheless, That the fetretary of the admiralty T t*mc cm with all convenient speed after any and of uich tfcvb every such Commission shall be so revoked, cause notice thereof in cjftion to 'the writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or owners, or agent or ovrinitrs, &c.j agents, or surety or ftireties, or same one of them, of the (tup or Vessel named or described in such order of retocation; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in the channel, the said order of revocation shall be effectu&l to supersede and annul the said commission at the expiration of twenty days from and after fed notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if notice shall be actually given in writing, by the secretety of the admiralty, to the captain of commander (thereof; and m cbfe Rich ship or vefebl dhati be in the northern frease, at the expiration of thirty days; and i case Rich ship or vteflcl shall be to the fouthwirdof Cape Fimsierra, or iit the Mediterranean, at the expiration of six weeks i and ki case such ship or vessel shall be in North Amentia, or the lveji Indies, at the expiration of three month! $ and in case such ship or vessel (hah be in the East Indies, at the expiration of see who may com tnonihs: and any commander or commanders, owner or plain thereof owners, agent or agents, surety or Jurcties, of any such ship or to his Majesty vessel, whereof such coaxniffion or commissions, issued or to he u council. issued forth as aforesaid, (hah be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in council, within thirty days next after the fetre tary of the admiralty for the time being shall cause notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and die determination of his Majesty in council touching every such complaint shall be final.

When any or

VII. Provided always, That in case any Rich order of revoca der of revocation shall be superseded, such commission shall be deemed and tien shall be taken to have continued in force; and all prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to and be the property of such owners send captors, in such manner as the same would have been in Case such order of revocation had not been made.

VIII. Provided also, That no person shall be liable to be punished for doing, before lie shall have received pfcrlbnal notice of such order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of such ocohiuffion,: m case such order of revocation had not been made.

Bail, Arc. to be And be it further enacted by the authority Cfisrofeii,

taken before That, before the granting or issuing of any comthimra tn granting toy (uance of this act, such bail and securky watt he takbn % s Itove been ufinl upon the granting or issuing of cotncmflkms toe $rb> vate ships of war; and that, previous to, the taking of fetch htfi

superseded, commission shall be deem ed to have continued m force. Pioviib.

ed by

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. y. 353

and securiry, the persons who propose to be bound and give such security. shall severally make oath, before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England) or judge of any vice admiralty court irr his majest/sr colonies or plantations, or his furrrogate, or other person or persons by such judge or surrogate lawfully comm'rtiioned, tfyit, at the time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more money than the sum for which they are then to be bound, over, and above. al their just debts; and moreover the marital of the said high court of admiralty, or any vice admiralty court in his majest'ys colonies or plantations, for the rhyme beings or his deputy, or the person or per, sans fb Commissioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent inquiry into, and satisfy himself or themselves of the fumciency of such bail and security'make a report thereof, to ftoe said judge, or his surrogate, before'any such commhiion shall be granted or issued.

X nd be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, AIJ pjersons

Thar all and every person and persons, who shall apply to the applyu>* fail;

said lord high admiral, or of for executing the office y wmiwffi/

1 L j '*/ 1 '.* j on, to let forth

of lord high admiral for the nme being, or any person or per n writing an

Ions by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to exaa descrip obtain any copiipiffion to be granted or jfliied forth in purfoande tien of thevef of this shall make every such application in writing y and therein let forth a particular, true, And exact description of the gunit&c!

ship or veflei for which such commission i requested, petrifying the burden of such ship or veflei, 'and the number and nature of the guns on board the same, to vtfhat place belonging, and the name or names of the principal ovtner or Owners of Rich (nip or veflei, and the number of men intended to be put on board the same; (all which particulars shall be inserted in every commission to be granted or iffired in pursuance of this ap) and Commanders that dvery commander of a private ship of v.elfel of war, 'for of commflion which a commissiop shall be granted or issued in purfuaride of pp^e their this act, (h^li produce such commission to the collector, cut commission*to tomer, or fearqher for the time being, of his Majesty's customs, thecolltaor, reridin atw belonging*.to the port from whence such (hipor&c of the veflei shall be first fitted put, or to the lawful deputy or deptr custoflmj ties of such collector, customer or (eafeher; and the said col; - wh0ar?to jedior, customer, searcher, or his or their lawful deputy or de examwftdf puties, shall, ars soon thereafter as conveniently may be, with ships; out see or reward; inspect and examine such ship or veflei lb as to ascertain the burden thereof, and the number of mn, and number anj nature of the guns on board the same; and if such and if found (Kip or veflei (half thereupon be found to be of such burden, agreeable to and beipanned'and armed according to the tenor of the defetip tien inserted in such commission as aforesaid, or be of a greats a burden or force than shall btf mentioned in such commission, tieretnv then such collector, customer, or fcarcher, or his or their lawful deputy*or deputies, shall, and he and they is and are hereby r jc^uirejl immediately upon the request. of the commander of 4uch (nip or vessel, to give a certificate thereof, in writing underr

A a 2 his

Penilty on commander leaving port

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. [1779.

his or their hand or hands, gratis, to such commander which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance before such private ship or veiled shall be permitted to sail from that port: and if the commander of any ship or vessel, for which any, commission shall have been granted or issued in pursuance of this adr shall depart with such ship or vessel from such port of without a cer clearance before he hath received such certificate, or shall de tificate, C part from any such port, or proceed upon a cruise, with a force inferior to the force specified in such commission, orrequired by. this act, in every such case the commission for such ship or vessel shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the.commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any court of admiralty, shall be imprisoned without bail or main prize, for such space of time as the said court shall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence. on

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tomer, &c!ufor^an co^e(^or> customer, or searcher, of his Majesty's customs, granting a or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a certificate talfe certifi for any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burden and force cate. specified in the commission granted to the commander or com,

thereof, or of a greater burden or force than shall be

mentioned in such commission, he shall for such offence, forfeit his said office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any office in the customs; and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, by any person or persons who will sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infbr mation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the time being to the corporation for the relief and support of

sick, maimed, and disabled Teamen, and of the widows and

children of such as shall be kilied, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants service, for the use of such corporation; or where such forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the purposes aforesaid, then a moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees for the use of the corporation so established. Proviso for af

XII. Provided always, That the number of tonnes so to be certaining the certified, be ascertained according to the rules laid down by an tonnage. a&passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majestyqueen Anney intituled An act for making a convenient dock, or bajon at :' Liverpool, for the security of all hips trading to or from the said

port Liverpool.

If the com

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^vn^ifl^ned ^iat m ca^c at any me or t, mcs any commander or com ship shall ag ree manders of any private ship or ships, or vessel or vessels of war, with any per commissioned as aforesaid, shall agree with the commander or son belonging commanders, or other person or persons, of or belonging to to any priae any ncutra] or other ship or ships, veffd or vessels, for the ransom

taken, for the

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 355

fom of any such neutral or other ship or ships, vessel or vessels, ^anfoni there or the respective cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, 0^ caster the same shall have been taken as prize, and shall, in pursuance of such agreement or agreements, actually quit, set at liberty, or discharge, any such prize or prizes, instead of bringing the same into some port or ports belonging to his Majesty's dominions; that then all and every of the commander and commanders of such private ship or ships, or vessel or vessels deemed ad. of war, who shall agree for any such ransom, and shall quit, rate, and fuf set at liberty, or discharge, any such prize or prizes in manner {r|yccor<k aforesaid, mall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, guilty 1

of piracy, felony, and robberf; and he, they, and every of them, being duly cokivicted thereof before any court of admiralty, shall have and suffer such pains of death, loss of lands, goods, and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the leas, ought to have and suffer according to the laws now in' being.

XIV. And whereas, in all private ships of war or merchant ships Offences on that ball take out letters of mark, it is expedientfor the better dif hard pri* cipline and government of such ships, that all persons who enter ab^in the " themfeeves on board the said ships Should be under proper regulati same manner onsy and pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and ox on board chief commanders of the said ships 5 be it therefore enacted by the of War authority aforesaid, That all offences committed by any officer

or seaman on board any privateer or merchant ship, having taken letter of mark, during the present hostilities with Ftancty shall be punished in such manner as the Idte offences are punishable on board his Majesty's ships of war.

XV. Provided always, That all offenders who shall be ac Offenders accused of such crimes as are cognizable only by a court-martial, cufed of crimes shall be confined on board such privateer or merchant ship car onf^b^a6 rying letter of mark, on which such offence shall be commit court martia!, ed, until they shall arrive in some port in Great Britain or Ireland, to be confined or can meet with such a number of his Majesty's ships of war board, C abroad as are sufficient to make a court-martial; and upon application made, by the commander of such privateer or merchant ship carrying letter of marqu*, to the lord high admiral

of Great Britain, or of for executing the office of lord high, admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or the' commander in chief of his Majesty's said ships of war abroad, the said lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or such commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call a court-martial for uying and punishing the said offences.

XVI. And whereas good and necessary laws have been madeyand Privateers

ardjiill in Jorce, within several of his Majesty's colonies or plantations fabjeft to the in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said colonies or eft ai

plantations any servant or slave without the confcrit of the owner; or blished in bri the carrying off from thence any other person or persons whomsoevery tish colon es in until such person/ball have taken out his ticket from the J'ecretarfs office going into the

A a 3 jvitbin Pom there

35 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1779.

within such respective colony or plantation, in such manner, and un- dft fifth fienaffio atfd forfeiturej, as in and if the aid several laws if fohred ati# provide; bit therefore further enacted by the V awhpri^y aforesaid, That ol\ commanders of private flrips of

ty?gr pr jpex.charu ships, having tetters of piarque, shall. Upon tbpir gping into aqy of jbofp ports qr harbours, be subject, and thpjr are hereby determined to be subjefi, to the fcvefal directions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, in and by such W made and prqvipcd; anything ip this& contained to the cpnfrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Judge to finish xvii And, for the more speedy proceeding to condemnation, the prepara of pjhpr determination, of aqy prize, ship, or veiled, goods or tio?, c^th re Wtcfo prizes, already taken, thereafter to be taken, its afore spect to the*kid, and for leaning the ex^ences that have hecn yfua! in the capture with like p?fe$, be it further enacted by the authority afore&td. That id 5 day. the judge or judges of ny court of admiralty, or other person or ersons thereto a^thorised, shall, within the spacs 6f five days after request to him or them for that purpose made, (piifh tfi ufo?l preparatory examination of the' persons commonly examined in such cases, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to inquire whether the same be lawful prize or Motion to nqt; and that tie proper raomtjoq usual in such cases shall be w W W ifosd, py the person or persons proper to issue the same, and jxjiy* wfte? foan^executed in the usual ipannef, by the person or persons requested. proper tp execute the same, within the space of three days after If no claim request in that behalf made; and in case no claim of fudi cap thereupon be tur$, ship, vessel, or goods, shall be duly entered or made m made within a the usual form, and attested upon oath, giving twenty days limited time, notjcc after t|lc execution of such monition; or if there be such f claim, and the claimant or claimants shall not, within five days,

cufoan][ '*giv foment security (to be approved of by such court of ad*1 miralty) to pay double costs to the captor or captors of such ship, veftej, or goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful prize; that then the judge or judges of such court of admiralty shall, upon producing to him or them the said examinations, or copies thereof, and upon producing to him pr them, upon oath, all papers and writings which shall have been found, taken in or with such capture; or upon oath ... nase (hat no papers or writings were found; immediately, and proccecfforth ^bho.ut further delay, proceed to sentence, either to discharge with to fen and acquit such capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same fence. as lawful prize, according as the case shall appear to him or them, upon perusal of such preparatory examinations, and also of the other papers and writings found, taken in or with such If claim be en capture, if aoy papers or writings shall be found; and in case tered and fe such claim shall be duly entered or made, and securify given enrity riven, thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, khew'is aqa there shall appear no occasion to examine any witnesses m'nation, Sic other than those who shall be then neac to such court of admi to he had and ralty, that then such judge or judges fltajl forthwith cause such made within witness to be examined within the foacc of ten days after such<?*'*' claim

1779k*] Anno, decrnio qquo. oeojujji 111. C 67. claim made, and foeqrvy given, and proceed to such sentence as aforesaid toqohing such capture; but in case upon malting or entering such claim, and the allegation and the oath thereupon, Qr the producing such papers or writings as fljaj] have been found or taken in or with such capture, or upon the said preparatory examinations, it shall appear doubtful, to the judge or judges of such court of admiralty, whether such capture be lawful prize or not, and it shall appear necessary, according to the circumstances of the case, for the clearing and determining such doubt, to have an examination, upon pleadings given in by the parties, apd admitted by the judge, of witneses that are remote from such court of admiralty, and; such examination shall be desired, and that it be (HU infixed, on behalf of the captors, that the said capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be ftijl perilled in on the claimants behalf, that then the said judge or judges shall forthwith cause such capture to be appraised by persons to be named by the parties, and appointed by the court, and fworo truly to appraise. the Caine according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, 1 for which purpose, the said judge or judges shall cause the goods, found on board to, be unladen and (an inventory thereof being, fjf(t taken, if the judge or judges shall think necessary, by the marshal of the admiralty or his. deputy) shall cause them to be pnt intp proper warehouses, with separate locks of the colletfflf and comptroller, of the customs, and where there is no (jompttoljer, of the naval officer, and the agents or petfood employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party or panics desiring the same) and shall, after such appraisement made, and within the space of fourteen days after the making of such claim, proceed tp take good end sufficicnl security from the claimants to pay the qaptqrs the full value thereof, according to such appraisement, in case the same (had be adjudged lawful prize; and shall also proceed tp. take good and sufficient fecqrity from the captors to pay such costs as the court shall think proper, ip case such ship shall not he. condemned as lawful prize i, and after such securities duly given, the said judge or judges shall make an interlocutory order for releasing qr delivering the same to such claimant or claimants, or his or their agpnts. and the same shall be actually released or delivered

nd it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any claimant or claimants dull refuse to g*ve such security, the judge or judges shall cause the captor or captors in ljke mapper to give good and fuffiefent security tq pay the said claimant or claimants the full value thereof according to the apprsifsrnent, in case airy such capture or captures shall be adjudged nqt to be lawful prize; and the fed judge or judges shall thereupon proceed to make aq interlocutory order for the Sfleafeng and delivering the same to the said captor or captors, qr their agents.

XIX. Provided always That nothing in this at contained shall be copftrued to restrain his Majesty, his heirs and success

A a 4 ors.

ictbcfegautn

of the capture shall spwtar doubtful, and the parties persist

in litigating their rigpt

the judge shaft order the capture to be apprised,

and the goo^.t to be unloaded and lodged in ware hooses, and an inventory taken thereof j

and upon security for full value taken of the claimants.

stnd for costs, of the capjpcf,

shall make order for release of the capture to claimant.

Claimant refuting, and captor giving

judge to make order for delivery of prize to captor.

His Majesty gwf tyck further rules

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1779.

and directions ors, from giving such further roles and directions to his re to thec*um spective Courts of admiralty for the adjudication and condem as henjh.vy nation of prizes, as by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, judge proper, with the advice of his or their privy council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

Captures

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

made in Ame tt*at all such captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into der the'oin?" IS ^aje^y>s dominion in America, in order to be pro

carvof theat cce^ed against to condemnation in any of his Majesty's viceofficers of the admiralty courts, shall, without breaking bulk, stay there, and cmioms and be under the joint care and custody of the collector and comp captors, till troller of the cdstoms, or, where there is no comptroller, of acquitted F the naval officers of the port or place where the fatne shall be there. 1 brought, and of the captors thereof, or their agents; subject to the directions of the court of vice admiralty, until the same shall, by final sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that such interlocutory order as aforesaid shall have been made for thereupon con leasing or delivering of the same; and, upon the condemnation ^rizetobe* or a4iuc^cation thereof'as lawful prize, shall, in case the fatne Schvcred to were ta^ert by any private ship or ships commissioned as afore the captors. said, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, or their agents, to be by them disposed of as their goods and chattels; and in case the same were taken by any of his Majesty's ships of war, unto such person or persons, and to be disposed of and divided as his Majesty by his proclamation hath already ordered and directed, or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes, order and direct.

Book! and

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, writings found That all books, papers, and writings, found in any ship or on board any vessel taken as prize, shall without delay be brought into the Eedisposed of registry of the court of admiralty wherein such ship or vessel*be proceeded against in order to condemnation; but that such only of the said books, papers, and writings, shall be made use of and translated as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the prd&ors of the several parties, captors or claimants, or, in case of no claim, by the captor or register, to be necessary for ascertaining the property of such ship or veste), and cargo thereof.

Judge, or

XXII. And be it further en a died by the authority aforesaid,

other officer, That if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any in Amenca, of his Majesty's plantations or dominions abroad, to whom re c spedlively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing,

tay^n excutc* ma^ing, or pronouncing, any of the several proceedings, mating his duty, or things, for, towards or relating to, condemning or

discharging, releasing or delivering, of any such capture in manner aforesaid, within the respective times herein before limited, or as soon as the same, or any of them, ought to be. done, according to the tenor and troe meaning of this act; all

forfeits 500 /., nj every fucij judge and judges and other officer and officers,

shall.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0, 67. - 359

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred f. pounds; orte moiety thereof to hw Majesty, his heifs and fuc. 1

ceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to with full eoft*.; such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in 5

any of the courts in or for any of his Majesty's colon.ifes.of. plantations, or in any of his Majesty's court of record withia.! his kingdom of Great Britain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, See of court That there shall not be paid, unto or among all the judges and oncondem officers of such court of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations

or dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to, thfe America, adjudging or condemning of such capture as aforesaid as lawful

prize, above the sum of ten pounds, in case such prize, ship, for tcflels or vessel, be under the burden of one hundred tonnes; nor above the sum of fifteen pounds, in case the same be of that or atiy*'*

greater burden; and that upon payment of either of the said; vf/*respective sums, as the case shall require, to the said judge or upon payment judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or di oft he tee, vided, as he or they shall think fit, among the officers of such judges C*such judges and officers, and every of them, shall be LI to th able to all and every the several penalties hereby imposed for twsfotmgkd neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and reor delay $ spective duties or offices, in and relating to the several proceed duty, ings aforesaid, within the respective times herein for that purpose limited.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted Judgement of by the authority aforesaid, That if any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the fenrence given in such court of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations or dominions abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the said court of admi r ralty to the of appointed, or to be appointed, under the great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, appeals in causes of prizes 5 such appeal to be interposed and received in the like manner as appeals have been usually interposed and received from the high court of admiralty within this kingdom; so as the same be made within fourteen Appeal to be. days after fenrence, and good security be likewise given by the ra*jc appellant or appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute f/ntence^and such appeal, and answer the condemnation, and also pay treble feenrity to be costs, as shall be awarded, in case the sentence of such court of jpv*n to proadmiralty be affirmed; anything in this at before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. amc* C

XXV. Provided always, That he execution of any sentence e*cution of so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason

of such appeal, in case the party or parties appellate shall give ed thereupon sufficient security, to be approved of by the court in which such if the appellate sentence shall be given, to restore the ship, vessel, goods, of f*cfjjuritlr effects, concerning which such sentence shall be pronounced, or or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in case V ue the sentence so appealed from shall be reversed.

360. Anno dftcknqtqaq Q*9*GU IU C $/.

[1779.

Person, who

XXVI. And be it eqa^od, That in cats any parish wh*

ttin" te*(uft W, S aqt a ?*)* '*so first instance of the cause shall so inauca, in* from % feweoce given in any admiralty coqn,

terpofingm fob fw(on, gx so pr her agent, shall at the (ante titnc* appeal, is to his QT hoc dw otfcervmf* fu^b apptal (hs$ ta null d void

>tnthlbr*m^II And be it further enacted by the authority atfoe&id, time. That n cafc any appeal soil he inter pofqd from a fcntenw w

Iti fe of-^balty court concerning any ship, voi^ or goods and peaktho foge affect which have been, or now arq,shall heacaster be feixed may, m there, or taken as ptiee, that then apd in, fob case the judge of sob, qoeft, ire. cf court of admiralty shall and may, at the request, oofo, and citinuntord^r ^rgfs, either of the captor or claimant, or of the claimant the csptnfc t only in cases where the privilege is reservfd in favour of the beagprumt claimant, by any treaty or treaties fobfifting between his Majesty and foreign powers, make an order to hare foeb capture appraised, ufot* the parties shall otherwise agree upon the value thereof, and an inventory taken, and then take feenrity for the aadititvsr w full value thereof accordingly; and thereupon cause wch cap whe'nitslie foc tq be delivered to the party giving fob fourity, in like

recwkyf of the m*ot*er as is herein before erased, wtwithftattding fob ap fuh vote peal; and if there shall be any difficulty or sufficient phje<8top t the giving Ot taking of security, the said judge shall, at three, in case of eb, qucit of either of the parties, order fob gonna and effect ho be jettion to lak Cmcred, landed, and sold by pnbhck au^iion, under the cnee and the it'xn enstody of the proper officers of the customs, and under the di heitiw p*y region and in/peflion of fob personas soil he appointed by aaqweft it. or the claimant; and captors > and the moneys atifog by foh sale de the&&* shall be depofod in the bank of $hgkn&> or in some pvibhck aoffio'Ac focuri.ties, and in the names of sob trustes* as the captors and "!on', claimants shall jointly appoint, and the court shall approve, so faieto<bedeb* so nfe and henent of the parties who shall be adjudged to be posited in the entitled thereto; and if fuqh security shall he WWW by the bank, C claimants, then it is hereby also enam, that fuah judge shall give q such captured ship or vessel a pat, to prevent M being taken again by his Majesty's subjects in it defttned voyage.

Penalty on

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by so authority afoefrirf,vwv judge, That no judge, register, or deputy register, inar(h*l, of deputy registet, or marshal* or any other officer whatsoever, of or bifotejmj to other officer ?, y wgrt tf admiralty, or vice admiralty, in Grtai iforfoie or an+ewt of irem*. qr ip any of his Majesty's colonies and pfotatiopa in admiralty, 4" t<r(*, or 'U any other of his Majesty's dominion, not nay who shall be person or persons prachfing either as advocate, ptsoso, or other interem in wise, in any fob court or courts, shall be concerned or itw* any privateer. diredhy Of foireduy, as owner, part qqncs, (Hape^ or

adventure, in any private Il'ip or mips, or vehel or vessela of war whatsoever, having ny comnudioa or cenwlpwwi e? aforesaid and in cafo any fob judge, regdler, deputy fegifts*, tjjar(hal, deputy marshal, or other.officer, advocate, or proctor vyhatcoever, shall notwithstanding this be difouy or iodl recliy concerned qr ioterested as aforesaid, fob judge, remitter, deputy register, qr tparatal, depv^ WPW*1* Ot ofor officer rer a spectively

1779.] Anno docifnp WPP QWRPU UJ. P $7.

spectively, shall, for such pffjppe, (bppg theregfbiurfplly oppt vided, either upon intorfljatjpa pr indi&iqent ip gpy of his Majesty's courts of record, pr at any get>era| or qqaftqr fc(jitms of five peace), ^bfolutejy forfeit his officq qpd eipplaytpppt jq and belonging to any fqcjj cpqrt of jtdmif?uy, pr vjpq, a3flmti>toy* of What Ring or nature soever fqcb office gr etqplpypggpf j happen to be, and shall glfg forfeit ?pd pay, 19 tbq yfe of bit Majesty, his heirs qpd fuccpflors, (hq sum of gpe hundred pounds; and every such advocate or proctor resppftjv^iy for such last mentioned offence, (being thereof lawffpjly frqgyi$* ed in manner aforesaid), bq ffopi thenceforth absolutely d&ws*listed, and rendered for ever incapable of practising, either a ft an jdvqcqte or proctor, in any of h|s majesty's coprts of adgpraltj qr vice admiralty Wherefoqver.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority ?foyeftjd, if*v"t*j*er*

Thai no register or deputy register, or apv mjrfhyl, prh*sgs; marshal, of or belonging to apy of ht$ majesty s cqqrj* of any court of mirajty, or vice admiralty, whajfqeyer, fligl) citbqr dint<$lyor admiralty,; indirectly, by himfe|f or tlk^felyem qr by apy pgqqt qr ?g9nfr, ft.

or other person or persons whatever, tfk pr hie 9pp<ftrfted iq

any tpanner^ either as an adyopate or proctor, in paqfa, '

matter or bufiaefs whatsoever, (hat fhq|l bp d$pcnding ip gny such court or courts ofdmitfftty, qr yiafridfpwlfjt t9 whirk such register, deputy register, m*rfh*l, qr dqpwy 1 % ftttji

then belong; and that every register. deputy regifttp, n&?r(h?l* hf or deputy m^rfh^l, who shall be guilty of such offenqp, (bqing hu C thereof lawfully convicted, ei(he( qpoq an infqrmafiqn or indteu ment, in manner aforesaid), shall from thenceforth forfeit his respective office and employpneqt of regijtqjf, deputy register, marftul, or deputy marftia^ in and belonging to the same court.

XXX. And be it further en, a, Cted byh?au(hqr*ly a(wsaid^captor*break that if any commander or commanders, officer or qacgrt* jn8 bul^or (eamen, marines, soldiers, or others, shall hr$qk bulk W bwd>the effribfto or embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, good, ipwhaon forfeit treble diqe, tackle, furniture, or apparel, of or belonging o any prise value j

or prizes, such commander, officer, fyamam (n^rin^ fpldiar, or others, shall forfeit treble the value of all such mpn*y % jw. else, plate, goods, merchandise, (ackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they shall embezzle; one third part thereof to be to one third tq the use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other (wq third partagr^n", ch thereof to him or them that will issue for thp lame, by action of jheother^wo debt, plaint, or information, in finy court of recordliq Great to the prose ftritain; in which qo eflpin, protection, or wager of law, orcutor. more than one imparlance, shall b allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afewefipd, Appraise that all appraisem^nts and (ales, of any ship or (ups, gpeda* mentt and Wares, or igerchan^iw,(h^ll bp by, m of his mr

jeftj's ship, % of vr85, (bafl be in*4e by agents of pqrfp*s noaau King, ship.,

nated and appointed, ip. eqpal numbers, by the pyg officers as to be made bf

dag officer, captains or capjain^ officers or pffit^f, (bipa* coma the agent for

pgqjcgtbc officers

2^2

and crew concerned in the capture.

The abcpre clause not to exfend to privateers.

Agents to exhibit and register, within limit d time, their letter of attorney in the court where the prize shall be condemned, on penalty of 500l.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1779.

pames or lhi p's company, and others, entitled thereunto;

ithat is to say), that if the flag officers or flag officer of any eet dr squadron bf (hipp, as shall take any such prize, or prizes, (or the majority of such flag officers, if more than one), ( shall nominate and appoint one or more person or persons agent or agents to sell or appraise the same, as aforesaid, then the captains and commanders, or captain and commander, entitled thereunto, or the majority of them, (if more than one), shall nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents to act for them; and all the other officers, under the degree of a captain and commander, entitled thereto, or the major part of them, shall also nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents to act for them'; and a!) the crews of the feveraf ships companies of the fleet or squadron, or ship's company, and others', entitled thereto, or the major part of them, shall likewise nominate and appoint the same number of persons or agents to act on their behalf in such appraisement or sale.

XXXII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to alter or make void any agreement or agreements made, or to be made, in writing, between the owners, officers, 'and feameri, of any private ships or vessels of war.

XXXIII. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who shall be (o nominated and appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, for any pnze ot prizes, taken by any ship or ships, vessel or vessels of war, or by any merchant ship or ships employed in his Majesty's service, or having letters of mark, or for receiving the bounty herein after granted, and which prize or prizes shall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the courts ot admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations in America or in any other his Majesty's dominions where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in the respective courts of admiralty in America, or in any other his Majesty's dominions whefe the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes aforesaid; and if any person or persons, so appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the space of six calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize shall be given in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in America, or other his Majesty's dominions for the care and distribution of which he or they shall be appointed agent or agents, such person or persons, so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, by him or them who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesty's dominions; in which noeffoin, protection, or wager oflaw, or more than one imparlance, shall bc'allowed,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 363

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore regwewin said, That the register or registers of his Majesty's high court of admiralty, and of all other courts of admiralty in Great enter?! let britain, and other his Majesty's dominions, shall, from time to tersofattor time, duly enter or register, or cause to be, entered or registered, ney delivered in one or more book or books, to be by him or them kept for 10 lhen[,that purpose only, all letters of attorney that shall be exhibited p^/ukeit or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth day of Junty one by hi majes thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, by any agent or ty's ships, C agents for any prize or prizes taken of to be taken, by any of nay! his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any agent or agents tr e ryi for the receipt and distribution of any bounty bill or bills, with in fourteen days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such register or registers, at his or their respective offices; which registry shall contain the days of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of the.ships of war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the names of the ships or yeftels by which such prizes shall have been taken, or by which such ships of war or privateers of the enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise'destroyed* together with the date of the condemnation, and of appeal if any interposed; the feeifler totrans or registers shall, on the twenty sixth day of December % and the twenty-fifth day of June or within forty days thereafter, in yearly/to the every year, transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of the said streasurer of hofphali pr to the lawful deputy of such treasurer for the time being, a true copy or transcript, under his or their hand or "P hands, of all such entries as aforesaid within the preceding half year; and if such register or registers shall neglect or refuse to make or keep such entries, or to transmit or deliver such copies thereof, as aforesaid, within the respective times herein before limited for that purpose, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by on forfeiture action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, wrfger of liw, of more than pne imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXV. Provided always, That if any agent or agents shall Agent hp. be appointed after the time any senten<; e of condemnation in pointed after any of the said courts*of admiralty shall be given, such agent or condemnation agents shall, under the aforesaid penalty, register, or cause to ^fter toilet be registered, in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letters fm of ittor or letter of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as ney in like aforesaid, within the space of six calendar months after the date manner, cof the said letter or letters of attorney.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Registers, on

That the register or registers of all and every the court and of^otranfi count of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations ifijme* yearly to

ricay or elsewhere in any other of his Majesty's dominions, shall the treasurer yearly" and every year, upon the twenty-third day of qjeber % or of Greenwich^..... C "Within hrplul#

 % Aoflo detittrd gif0*gfi rfl. C. 7. f 177$.

pit of till It wkmn ttlfrff* <hrieft6ar ihtiritfts riext after th same, triale out and t<r* jj* tnntforibe trtot tophi 6f ell and every frichr letfct and letters of inftkircmm.k*n*y at (Kali be fd reghwred Iri the said corurt rir courts, to ttmte tb sflt ^hichtbejtfd^e and jridger A the said tb\tri anrd tburfs (half afex vfthttt fdp hteattd ftibir fell 6( office and theff rti6 fid tegifter and re tethhtto. pfort (Kan the same to tfttf tteiifuttf of the said' royal

hrffjhtat at dteigf\mth9 td he theft regfift6ft<f, end so be irifyefled by ally jfcrfdit^jfri; fhdchifgei d? #most top'll, and af^xing the (Ml of fcali theffttd, and trartfrrtithhg the fitfifc to tfre trea agertts to pay kofpwal, lftah id fhridby the Arid agent or agents

the expense' tflthvtlme of riikktng such ftriftty tsaftfrefirid: and fri case tuch rdgijtof' 6f rtfgirtets mill negfeff of ftfufd t6 tfarifcrtbe and trarif ft such testy end critics of the AIM fettef end letters of attorney A tmihmt 4fdrefiid, (if stay (his Alps iri that time' rttad fm (torn fiickport 6f t>ht (6 iify p6tf 6y pbtts\y\ &ioi &ri(aih), fool rfgiftdr rftid regiftet's, (6 riegwaing of rdfulirfg, ftiatf forfeit h fifth 61 fivd htfridfttf dt/rirrdl, to bd ftcriveft'd by' httri dr them Who frill frit fdt the rathe, by aaibri' of debt, bill, plaint, erf irtfeprfiitfod, Hi arty cbdrt of retrifd ?ri Gttdt Mritdih or ame rkss rfrfdfetimvd iri" ariy othdf of his nfijdftyv dominions, in Which f&efloits, pftlteaittn, of'tfrtfgfcr Of liftf, 6r mofc than one hiftfeftfthe*, flrafl bestftovted.

xxxtii. Afid9 fdf the inbtt ejftmdt ttokhlg feh Utters of at

thereof.

vine w^ivn ur iav.il kuu suiu ituwio wi 4iu/iu*jr,uu VI u*ui*

to W iiinwi^ cupttjofldei* fal, tfarifrtiitted by tfte said I'egiifcf' or agency of such bd oooortf 4rtd cwurfsop ddttfinflty1 iri hi! fifajtfty*s plantatidrisin peribu. ahrfkoi tile elsewhete within his Wajetldisrhlnioris, nd mgiftbmkf by tbd Aid tr4afafrr of gtemutcf) htjjhtejy aajujvod tvfltf'td'tithe'j m.d. at all ritrttfi hewaftev, b4 goixi and (ufficlcn't <mdth4b of thd agfericy of tfte' perfort of pdrfohs' to wh6tn'fu3i tewin' Of attotlityis or shall tiel madfe;: and from time' to'tiaiei m.d. at all ntn^ hereafter, shall bef adhiitfed, without further ojr Otbef pyoof thetiof, to be' ldgaf evidence', in all his Majesty^ oourts> of te&m dflaw* or equity; arty law, custom, or usage',

*0 tho'corttwry thereof in arty wlfe'notwithstanding.

Attntitogive

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*, public notiot fhat aftef the sale'or'faies of ahy' prii'tf ot' pfiz'es, which slave ppofnts*for' ^tedlf OY' shall bftakeri frdtrt the enetriy by arty of hls Majestjt's ^ment of ffiipi of Was, ptibhck notihtation, in manner herein after men rtbnedr shall be glvetl by the' pttfows Of agents appointed as aftwfcw, (dr (Hdprfyqieftt of the fev*?ral ftiares fc the captors afdreaid; thafis to say, if the prize or prized! rtiall have been oefhfil be'condettfrted iri his Majesty's high Cobrt or other court of admiralty in Great Britbist, theh the' peffoh'of persons, ajgerit Of agerth, appointed ot tbbe appointed iri puirudrice drum

ui eoij Loe.: jal rt.' n

the shares to the captors i

(peifiv'dfyi it

though ltmm 'qa&hty asid^if ccwdethned1 iri'ahy chilrt'ot'courts 'df

admiralty

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.fiy* 5*5

admiralty br vice admiralty in any ocher of his Majesty's dominions then such person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid*

(hafu insert and puwifl*, or cause to be iaferted and pabliflicd* such notification under his or their hand or hands respectively in the Grarffe, or fomfe other newspaper of pubikk authority, of the istand or place where the prize or prizes shall have been or shall be condemned; and if there shall be no *&//*, or such other newspaper published there, then in same or one of the most publick newspapers of such island or place $ and all persons and fall deli or agents publuhing* or caufine to be published, every sech nov r the cok tification respectively, shall deliver to the collector cilftomer, or searcher, for the time being of his Majesty's custotns reading at of^or belonging to the port or place where the prize or prfees imrfl newjpapera have been or shall be condemned or the lawful deputy or dec. in whiofe putiefc ert such collector, coftomer* or searchcr 5 and if there shall [ "ch be m fetch collector, Customer dr fearfcher, then such perfect jnrted. or agents as aforesaid shall deliver, to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes (hell. Wave been or shall be condemned or to the lawful deputy or deputies of sech principal officer or officers, two of the Gantries or other newspapers to which such notifications shall be fc infected ottd published; if there dial) nbt be any publick newspapers in any such iflakad or place then sech per lost Ur perfobs, agent ot agehta* (hu give two such notifications in writings under Ink or their rdpeftive hand or hands, to the said colleger, custotner or searcher, or the deputy or deputits of sech collector, uftwnct* or featoher, or where (here shall be no sech oohcctbr* cafte*ief\ or feardter, tb sech principal officer or officerfi, or Ms or their deputy br deputies aforesaid and every sech come&or* custo who shall tub mer, or searcher, and principal officer or officers, or such deputy nbc lh* or deputies (hah subscribe his or their name Or names on same one

coti^mcuous port of both the said Gazettes, toewfpapet*, or of them to the written notifications respectivety, and by the first ship Wbfch treasurer of Hull fail (after his or their receipt of fechgadeltcs* new (paper Jjreenwich or written notifications respectivfcly) from such port or ppsto* to any port of Gre* Bfikrins (hah thansmit or send, K the treoferef gtgnedl. of the royid Hospital at Greettwhh, or the deputy of such trea furtr, fer the time being, one of the said grmdftes* aewfpopers^ or written notifications, with his or their natnt or name fe febferibed to and open the same rofpcdtively* to be theta registered and (kail fetthfuuy praferve and keep the other of thfe feid two Gazettes, newspapers, or written notifications With his arehdir hame or names theroeto ferbferibed as oferefeid, fe his for their custody f and that in every sech printed or written notification as aforesaid the said person or pertas* agent or agents, shall insert or specify his or their piaoeor pieces cfsbodo, end the predfeda, of the (Month and year appointed far the p*nht of the fererad end rc/pcitire (hbros of the iprize Of <pnads tt the weptors t and ell such wotdkibttam, with telbeft madaeatfam> to prices'oondetofted or to trcomkemfttod i ri Brittti* shall*8* he pubhibed in the Zmifos Gmritt threedaiprat leeft before senuttfet

apf

366

'Great Britain to be publisheti in the London Gazette, three days before any share shall be paid, C

Shares of roll men, and of such*s (hati hot be demanded within s years, to be paid to Greenwich Hospital.

Any agent for appraitement or sale of prizes taken by his Majesty's ships of war, C who (halt neglect to publish proper notifications before payment, shall forfeit ipo/.s

and collector, Sec. of the customs neglecting to at teftortransmit the same, shall be liabk to the same penalty.

Notifications tran Trait ted and attested as aforesaid, and registered at Greenwich Hospital, shall

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6j.

[1779.

any part or parts, share or proportion, of any such prize or prizes, shall be paid to any person' or persons infilled thereto; and all such notifications, with respect to prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other part of his Majesty's dominions, shall be delivered to the said collector, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers aforesaid respectively, or such respective deputy or deputies, three days at least before any part or parts, share or proportion, of any such prize or prizes (halt be paid to any person or persons entitled thereto: after which several and respective notifications, if any man's share (hah remain in the hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such men as shall be run from his Majesty's service, or which shall not be legally demanded within three years, then such share or shares so remaining in the per font or agents hands, or belonging to such men as shall ran from his Majesty's service, shall go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or agent, appointed, or to be appointed, for appraisement or sale of any prize or prizes, taken, or to he taken, from the enemy, by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, pr for the distribution of any bounty*money, shall neglect or refuse to publish, give, or deliver, any notification herein directed or required to be published, given, or delivered, or shall not publish, give, or deliver, any such notification, before the payment of any part of such prize or bounty money, and within the times herein respectively limited, or in the manner herein appointed; or shall not specity or set forth, in such notification, the matters and things herein directed to be specified and set forth \ every such person or agent shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's dominions, in which no eflbtn,

firotedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one itnpar ance, shall be allowed: and if any collector, customer, or searcher, of his Majesty's customs, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or send, any such Gazette, newspaper, or written notification, as aforesaid, in such manner as is before directed, every such collector, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the turn of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the notifications in all such gazettes, newspapers, and in writings respectively, as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and arttefted by such collector, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as

1779.] Anno decimo rtorio Georgii III. c. 6j. 367

aforesaid, and registered at the said royal hospital, on proof of Hospital, shall the handwriting of such coliedor, customer, searcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, agencycof the and at all times, shall) be good and Sufficient evidence, in all persons there his Majesty's tourts of law and equity, that the person or per in mentioned, fons whose name or names is or are thefein set forth and specified as the agent or agents for the prize or prizes therein re speriively mentioned, is or are such agent or agents.

XLI. And whereas great numbers of Ships of neutral nations. Commissiori* may pass the Jens laden with naval jlores, intended to be carried to the ports oj France, whereby his Majesty's enemies may hot only be for \hc King enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm privateers to destroy the use, naval trade of his Majesty's subjects, but may also be supplied with mate^on board rials to build and fit out Ships of war, to annoy and invade his ma jejlfs dominions: and whereas diverse Ships of neutral nations, laden port ?be as aforesaid, may be taken and brought into the ports of Great Bri King s ships mi tain, and the purchase of such naval storesy laden on board such Ships privateer. of neutral nations, for the service of his Majesty, may in many, cases be expedient, without proceeding to the condemnation thereof; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal officers and of of his Majesty's navy for the time being, or their officers or agents, during the continuance of the present hostilities with France, to purchase, on the account or for the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors only, all or any such naval ltores found on boar*any such ships of neutral nations, which have been, shall, or may hereafter be brought into any of the ports of this kingdom, by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, or by any private ships or vessels of war, or other ships or vessels having commissions or letters of mark; and that the of and officers of the customs for the time being shall and may permit and suffer such naval (lores, fa. purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom; anything in an act of parliament, Car. 4* passed it the twelfth year of his late majesty King Charles the ^wllh*w second, intituled An act for the encouraging and inercafing of ship ping and navigation, contained to the conti ary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII And, as a further encouragement to the officers, sea Bounty mo men, marines, soldiers, and others, on board his Majestyvj|^y pay*btet0 ships of war, as also of privateers, to attack, take, and destroy, b^h^na^ any ships of force belonging to the enemy; be it enacted by office, for all the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid, by the treanen on board surer of his Majesty's navy, upon bills to be maue forth by the of of the navy, to be paid according to the course decoyed*thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who shall have been actually on board any of his Majesty's ship or ships of war, or privateer or privateers, at the taking, or sinking, or burning, or otherwise destroying, any ship or ships of war belonging to the enemy, since the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred Vol. XXXII Bb and

Numbers to Southeast afctrtained upon oath)

and a certificate granted thereof, and produced to the of of the navy, with copy of ship's condemnation; unless the ship be sunk or destroyed.

Dividend to be made according to prpportion fttlled by proclamation, ^.

Where such o*tb and certificate cannot be made and had at the first port,

the same may Ur dene at any other port

Anno ffetimo nona Gsoaan HI. cf \*trb

Sod evenly eight, five pounds for every roan who was Kving on board any ship or ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning oath attack or engagement between them; the numbers of such men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men which were belonging to the said ship or ships of war or privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any of them, at the time of her or their being taken as prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the mayor, or other chief magistrate, of the port within any of his Majesty's dominions whereuntoany prize, or officers or men of such ships, as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; or before the Brit 'tjb confui or vice*consul residing at any neutral port to which such prize, or officers or men, shall be brought; which oaths the said mayor, or other chief magistrate, of any such port, or consul or vice con full, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer, and shall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without foe or reward, directed to the of of the navy; upon producing which certificate to the commissioners of his Majesty's navy, together with an authentic copy of the sentence or decree of condemnation of suchftiip so taken; or where such certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a copy of the sentence or decree of condemnation, whereby the number of men on board, such hips of the enemy shall appear to have been proved; or if such ship be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magistrate, or consul or vice consul, as aforesaid, the said commilnoners of his Majesty's navy, or suck person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, shall, according to the course of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of such bounty, directed to the treasurer of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongfr, the officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board his Majesty* ships of war, in manner, form, and proportion, as by his mai jesty's proclamation for granting the distribution of prizes, already issued or to be issued for that purpose, is or shall be directed and appointed; and amongst the owners, officers, and seamen, of any private ship or vessel of war, in such manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing, they shall have entered into for that purpose, shall be directed.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, That in all cases where fqch oath and certificate cannot be administered and granted at the first port whereunto any prize, or officers or men of such ships as h^ve been, or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such oath or oaths, relating to any prize or prizes that shall be taken, or to any ships of his Majesty's enemies that shall be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the mayor, or other chief magistrate, of any port within any of his Majesty's dominions, or by or before the British consul, or vice consul, residing at apy neutral port whereunto any

,779\l Anno decitfca nono gfcorgli tit. C 6;

prize or prizes, or officers or men of any ships belonging to His majesty's enemies as have been, or (halt be, taken, sunk; burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any time afterwards be brought, (proof being first made, by affidavit before such person or persons, of the inability of making such oath or oaths, and obtaining such certificate, at the said first port and the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, shall thereupon grant such certificate and certificates as are hereinbefore directed; which certificate and certificates shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same were granted by the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, or the port to which such prize or prizes, officers ot men, as aforesaid, shall be first brought; anything herein con lained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any ship, vessel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein shall appear, and be proved, in any court of admiralty, to have belonged to any of his Majesty's subjects of Great Britain or ire landor any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing under his Majesty's protection and obedience, which were before taken or surprised by any of his Majesty's enemies, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from Jiis majesty's enemies by any of his Majesty's ships of war, or any

Srivate man of war, or other ship, vessel, or boat, under his Majesty's protection and obedience; that then such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof, as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's subjects, shall in all cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said court of admiralty, accordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying, for and in lieu of salvage, one eighth part of the true value of the ships, vessels, boats, and goods, respectively so to be restored; which salvage, if retaken from the enemy by any of his Majesty's ship or ships of war, shall be answered and paid to the captains, officers, and seamen, in his Majesty's said ship or ships of war, to be divided in such manner as before in this act is directed touching the share of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, where prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's ships of war; and if such ship so retaken by any of his Majesty's ship or ships of war, or by any private man of war, shall appear to have been, after the taking by the enemy, by them set forth as a man of war, the former owners and proprietors, to whom the same shall be restored, shall be adjudged to pay, and shall Day, for salvage, the tull moiety of the true value of the said ship so taken and restored without deduction, as aforesaid any law, custom, or iisage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bill or bills, so be made out for the bounty hereby granted to the commanders, officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, of his Majesty's ships of war, for taking, sinking,

B b 2 burning.

Proof Being made ot suck inability at the salt port.

Certificate granted thereupon to be valid.

Prizes whidh bad been taken frons his Majesty's fubie&s not in rebellion tf be restored CO th?m,

on payment of i stn part of the value thereof;

but if any such ship h btren uled by the enemy as a man of ara moiety of the value to be paid on rettor ing thereof.

Bills for bounty montyro be paiufcqageiufe

370

Anno decimo nonotieorgii IH. c. 67. [1779.

burning, or otherwise destroying, any ships of war, or privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's enemies, shall be mad payable to such person or persons as shall be authorised and appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, ships companies or ship's company, and others, entitled thereunto, in like manner as herein before is directed for the nominating and appointing agents for appraise and to be di ments and Tales to be made as aforesaid; the same to be vided amongst distributed and divided, by the said person or persons so autho the captors. rifccj ancj appointed, amongst the captors, in such manner. Shares not deform, and proportion, as aforesaid; several shares of which maiided^nh caplors^ jf not legally demanded within three years after public be pjicfovei^ notification, and also of such as shall run from his Majesty to Greenwich service, shall be applied to the use of Greenwich Hospital J hoipkal and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby Bounty mo granted to privateers, for taking, burning, sinking, or other neytopnva. wise destroying, any ships of war, or privateers, belonging to d^idvd asv any majesty's enemies, shall be made payable to such greed among person or persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the themselves. owner or owners, officers and Teamen, of such privateer or privateers, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise deft royed, the same or the major part of them, to be divided ip such manner and proportions as shall have been agreed of by them as aforesaid.

Ships or mer

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid taken b 1 That in case any ship or vessel, or any goods or merchandise lufionbypri ta^en or retaken, or restored, without being firflt

vatcers/ brought to adjudication, by any privateer, through consent, or clandestinely, or by collusion or connivance, the (nip and vessel, and goods and merchandizes, so taken or retaken, or restored, and also the ship's tackle, furniture, apparel, and ammunition

forfeited to his pr*vateer> upon proof thereof to be made in any

Majesty, with court f admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good prize the bond; to his Majesty; and one moiety thereof shall be tonhe use of One Moiety his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to to the crown the use of such person who shall discover and sue for the same the other to the an(j te bond given by the captain of such privateer shall be, prosecutor} ancj s hereby adjudged to be, forfeited to his Majesty: and in

by a'king's11 ca^c any P or ve^eh or an)' goods or merchandises ship, the cap as aforesaid, shall betaken, or so retaken or restored, by any lair to forfeit man of war, through consent, clandestinely, or by collusion or 1000l., connivance of the commander or captain, such commander or captain shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds; one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person who shall discover and sue for the same; to be recovered by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and fuefi*\I*/U*- captain or officer, shall forfeit his command and employment, E for 7 and shall be, and is hereby disabled and made incapable of any 7 9'o office

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. $71

office or employment under his Majesty, during the space offe and the ship ven years; and the said goods and merchandizes, and the ship, and goods tackle apparel, furniture, guns, and ammunition, so taken by ken forfeit collusion, shall be, and is hereby directed to be adjudged, in all courts of admiralty, as good prize and forfeiture to his Majesty:

: And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Run mn for that

no person or persons, belonging to any of his Majesty's

ships or vessels of war or to any merchant ship employed in his bounty

majesty's service, who shall run away, or withdraw him "or money.

themselves from the ship or vessel by which any prize or prizes

shall be taken from any of his Majesty's enemies, or otherwise

from his Majesty's service, before or after notification shall be given by the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, of the day

appointed for the payment of the several shares to the captors of the said prize or prizes, shall have, or be entitled to have or

claim, any interest in, or benefit of, the said share or shares of the said prize or prizes, or the bounty money aforesaid, or any which is to be

part thereof; but such share and shares of such prize and prizes, paid over to

and bounty money, shall go and be paid to the use of Greeen rc5"wt, ch

inch Hospital.* hosp, tai

Provided always, That itany person or persons shall and if they or do run away, or withdraw him or themselves, from any such ship or vessel, as aforesaid, after notification given as aforesaid, ioie what^then he or they shall forfeit and lose such part of his and their share remains of and shares of the said prize or prizes, and bounty money, as their; share in shall be remaining in the said agent or agents' hands, at the ^ha^f<nu* time of his and their running away, or withdrawing him or na themselves; thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Agent, within That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and ti^day ap tcf others, who shall fell, or otherwise dispose of, any prize or pointed for prizes, so to be taken as aforesaid from any of his Majesty's ene first payment, mies, shall, within the space of three calendar months next after to transmitto the day to be appointed for the first payment or distribution to o^wtch the captors of such prize or prizes made in pursuance of such Hospital an public notification as aforesaid, make out, and transmit or de account of liver unto the treasurer of the said royal hospital at Greenwich produce of for the time being, or to such person or persons as he shall for such Prize that purpose depute or appoint, a trde (late and account in writing under the hand or hands of such agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the pay and payment ments of the several shares to the captors, as shall then have of shares; been really and truly by him or them respectively paid; and also that all and every person and persons, authorised and ap and also trans poirtted by this present al to receive bills for the bounty hereby mit a l>ke ac granted, shall, within the like space of three calendar months ^unty mo! next after the day appointed for the first payment or distribution ncy. y of such bills for the bounties as aforesaid, in like manner make oot, and transmit or deliver to the treasurer for the time being

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.; [1779.

of the said hospital, or to his fuificieut deputy, a true date and account in writing, under his or their hand or hand, of shp payment and distribution of such bills: and further, dial all and every person and perfops, agents and others, who, by virtue <4 this a, shall sell or dispose of any prize or prizes, which ready have been, or shall at any time or times thereafter be from the said enemy, by any of his majeay's (his or yeflcj* of war, or who shall receive or dispose of any bill or bills for bounty, such person and persons, agents and others, so feuing and dif posing thereof, shall within the space of three calendar mopthp next after the expiration of the term of three years limited fef this a ft, make out an exact account in writing of the produce transmit a Hke pr*zc afu* p1^5* bilj and bills for bounty i as also of the

account of the payments of the several shares to the respective captor$f tpgc produce and there with a true and just account, upon oath, to be taken hefocp the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being. Or any other

iierson or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authored, in writing under his hand and leal, which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy and dc puties, authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised aa empowered to administer, ^of all Him and sums of money as shall be then remaining in such agent or agents or perfoaf custody, power, or pofleieon; and shall at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said for the time being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the bid accounts, so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining sum and sums of money then so left and remaining in his or their hands, as aforesaid, taking from the fak} treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same.

L And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, hereby direisted to transtnit or deliver all or any the accounts before mentioned, who shall uegledt or re foie to transaait or deliver all or any such account or accounts to the tneafuner of the said hospital, or his said deputy or agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in manner and form as is hereinbefore mentioned^or who shall neglect or refute topayovqr all and every such sum and sums of money, as shall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, custody, or poilesion, after the term of three years, to be accouated as aforesaid; shall, fof every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above the money then in such agents' hands j ooe third part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and die remaining two thirds to the said royal hospital; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in which no efsoir, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (half be allowed.' '

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any fraud, coi lusion, or deceit, shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, com mined, permitted, or done, or fuftered, in making, gating, {qr 1. J balancing.

pd, within 3 years after, to make out

payments of such prizes aed bounty money,

and of all sums then re nisming in their hands, which are to be paid oyer at the same time to the treasurer of the said hospital.

Agents neglecting toren der such accounts and payments, to (orftit toof. over and above the money then in their hands;

One third to the King, and th rest to the hospital.

If therefappear any fraud or collusion in

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7.

balancing, any such accounts, then every person or persons who shah be thereof duly convicted, and his and their aiders and abettors, ffiah forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over and above the penalties and pmhhtnentsinfli&ed by this at, the Cum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof to be to the use of his Majesty, and one other third to the use of the said hospital, and the other third to the informer who shall sue for the same; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by atftien of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, tn which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no agent or agents for prizes, or bounty money, shall be liable to be sued, impleacted, or arrested, by any person or persons who shall be made run from his Majesty's service, in the lists to be duly certified of the names of the officers, Teamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who shall be actually on board any of his Majesty's ships of war at the talcing of any prize or prizes, unless the person or persons so made run, shall, before any action brought, obtain a certificate of his or their R or r's being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or their shares of such prizes and bounty moneys being discharged by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy who subscribed the said lists, and shall produce such certificate to the said agent or agents respectively; and unless the said agent or agents, on the producing of such' certificate or certificates, shall refuse to pay the said prize or bounty money (in case the same be due and payable according to the directions in his Majesty's proclamation) within two months after any such demand made and such certificate produced.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, all and every person and persons, agent and agents, appointed of to be appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, ships' companies or ship's company, and others, of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, for the distribution of any bounty bill or bills given or granted by virtue of this ai, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, under his or their hand or hands, in the Linden Gazette, three days at the least before the payment or distribution of any such bounty bill or bounty bills, public notification of the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of such bounty money; and shall insert, in every such notification, the place or places of his or their abode.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases whefe any public notification hath during the present hostilities, been given, or shall be given, before the respective times hcrem before mentioned for the giving of notifications in Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions, of the payment of any prize or bounty money in reb

b 4. sped

373

such account, persons concerned therein to forfeit iool* extra.

One third to the King, One to the hospital, and one to the prosecutor.

Agents not liable to be sued by run men in the King's fef vice,

unless they produce a certificate of their R's being taken off,

and the agent thereupon refuse to pay the prize or bounty money.

Agents of King ships for distribution or bounty bills shall give 3 days notice, in the London Gazette, before the payment of iucu bills

and shall, in such notifications, mention their placesef abode.

If in any publick notification already given, or which shall be given, during the present houiliricf,

there shall be omitted the day on which payment shall, commence, or

jhen the said agent shall gie a more particu'ar notification, at the iefpehve times herein mentioned.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. [1771.

spect of any of his Majesty's ships of vesselsof war, and the particular and precise day whereon such payment did or shall commence, and the name or names, and place or places of abode, person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be ap the name and pointed for the appraisement and sale of any such prize or prizes, pbieof bode or distribution of any such bounty money, was not, Or shall net of the agent, be set forth or specified in such publick notification, the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes, condemned or to be condemned in his Majesty's high court or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, or for the distribution of any such bounty money, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes, condemned or to be condemned fa any court or courts of admiralty in any other of his Majesty's dominions in Ewrtpe, or in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or for the distribution of any such bounty money, shall, on t>r before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's dominions, or for the distribution of any such bounty money, shall on or before the twenty.fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, respectively give notification, under his or their hand or hands respectively, of the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the shares of such prize or bounty money respectively, and shall specify in every such notification, his or their place or places or abode; and all such notifications shall be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted, by and to such person and persons, and in such manner, as the notifications to be published or given are herein before directed and required to be published, or given and delivered, attested and transmitted'

'And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures given and granted by this act, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the use of the said royal hospital.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or to be given to the use of the said royal hospital, by this prefenr ad, or any other act or acts of parliament, shall and may be sued for and recovered in the name of the of and governors of the royal hospital for featnen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent.

LVII And, for the more speedy bringing of offenders to justice, and to prevent the inconveniences occafibned by want of frequently holding a session of admiralty, for the trial of offences committed on the high Teas, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty fpurth day of

penahes and forfeitures how to be applied. '

penalties given to Greenwich hospital how to be recovered.

A session of oyer and ter roiper, for trying naval one nee, to be held twice

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 375

of Jurtiy one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, a fefficm a year at the of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, for the trial of offences Ok! Bailey, committed on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England, shall be held twice, at least, in every year, that ito say, in the several months of March and October in each year, at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London, except at such times as the lesions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, for the city of jlondon, and county of Middlesex, shall be appointed to be there held, or in' such other place within that part of Great Britain called England, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by any letter or order, in writing under their hands, directed to the judge of the high court of admiralty in England for the time being, appoint.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission that, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou ijrmin^or sand seven hundred and seventy nine, it shall and may be law justices of full, not only to and for any one or more of the of peace, im for the time being named in the commission of oyer and termi peered to': tier for the trying of offences committed within the jurisdiction ons of the admiralty of England, but also to and for any one or more oath of any of the justices of the peace for the time being of any county, rid piracy, cc,ing, division, or place, within that part of Great Britain called committed England and they are hereby respectively authorised and im powered, from time to time, to take any information or infor dtfhoa^ mations, of any witness or witnesses, in writing, upon oath, touching any piracy, felony, or robbery, done or commit dor charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the sea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or Jurisdiction; thereupon, (if such commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, respectively, shall see. cause)) any war and to grant rant or warrants, under his or their hand and seal, or hands and warranti for seals, to cause the person or persons, accused in such information or informations, to be apprehended and committed to the accural*gaol of the county or place whorein the same information or informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due course of law.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Commission. of, or justices of the peace, who shall cause any such person or persons to be committed as i last mentioned, shall, ^rons they and he or they is or are hereby respectively required, at the same foal! think northeast time, to oblige all and every such other person or persons, whom ceflary to cn stich commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the te"^peaces shall judge necessary to prosecute and give evidence prsfc^tt such against the person or persons, who shall be so committed as offenders, aforesaid, to enter into, one or more recognisance or recognizances to his Majesty, in a Efficient penalty, for his, her, or their < appearing at the then next/ession of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurisdiction of the admiralty of Eng

j Anno decimo immogborgii Hi. c. 68. ft779.

laniy there to prosecute Mid give evidence against the period or Pedbo# refa persons who shall be committed as aforesaid; if any perfoa into focltrc rc^u^c to cnrcr into such recognisance to prosecute or pat cogninnce* V evidence as shall be required, he, she, or they, to ttfiising, flwo may be comb committed, by any such commissioner or coaraiiffionors, juf akttd. tice or justices, to the gaol of the county or place in which the person to refuting (hah be, until the nest (tflions of adminky shall be held, or such persons shall enter into such recognisance as shall be required, as aforesaid; recognisance or recognizances, together with the information or informations taka touching the offence or offences wherewith the period or per foas to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the (hid com mifeoner or of, or justice or radices of the peace, before whom the same shall be taken, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to transcnit, with all convenient speed, to the register for the time being of the high court of admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the time being of the same court, and afterwards to be kept among the records of that court.

Marftal of the

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, admiralty. That the marshal of the admiralty for the time being, and his officer, deputy or deputies, and all sheriffs, bailiffs, stewards, confta obey the or bles, headboroughs, tithingtnen, keepers of gaols and pfiforts, dm of the and all other officers whatsoever for keeping of the peace, (as f^sukl* wc^ liberties as without) (hah, and they and every of

them are hereby respectively authorised and required, from rhyme to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all stich precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as shall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, issued, or given, to them, or any of them respectively, by any one or more of the said of named in the commission of oyer and terminer, or justices of the peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, touching any of the matters or things herein contained.

Continuance

LX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the ao of this act. thorny aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force during the present hostilities with Frontse, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual && in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the secondy for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets.

preamble, K WHEREAS an act of parliament was passed in the twenty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Recital of an fittndy intituled An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of aft3 Geo. 2. fmah debts within the Tower Hamlets, whieb said act bath by experience been found useful to the inhabitants thereof but the same is m many respect deftftrw, and inefficient to answer the goadpmfeftt

thertby

j77

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8.

thereby intended: and whereas the place new used as a court hsufeby the of fer executing the said act is very inconvenient for that purpose, and greatly out of repair; and no previfton is made by the said former act for raising money to build, or provide, or put in'repair, a proper courthouse, end offices for executing the powers of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it eoaded by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at any general Commissioners meeting of the said of to be held after the patting of may autho this act in manner as by this act is directed, it shall and may be a lawful for the said of, or the major part of them atf accqptground[ sembled at such meeting, to authorise one or more person or and mefliuges persons on their behalf, to contract for, and purchase, or acor tenements, jdcpt a convenient piece or pieces of ground, and any tnefluages for buds a or tenements, in the High street, in the parish of Saint Mary, c0uit' 0

jvhkecbapd, or in some other convenient place within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid; which said ground and tnefluages or tcite* which shall be moults, when purchased or accepted, shall be conveyed to Samuel coned to Hawkins, John Baker, James Wood, Lamey Richard Coufemaker, tfutte4* thwid fpilmot, James Hatch, Peter Lefeyre, James Spagg, John sherwoodjames Caney, Daniel Martin jfjp*r Clarke, James Bidlake, Laurence Dermett, Charles Seek, james Henley, John Perry, Thomas Page, Charles Mills, John Robinson, Abraham Better, and William Buckmaster, and the survivors of them, and their successors, to be chosen as by this act is directed, as trustees for the purposes herein after mentioned: (of which said trustees one bath been chosen by the parishioners, or inhabitants of each of the parities, hamlets, precincts, and liberties, within the said Tower Hamlets, theprecind of thetstcvr within only excepted;,) and the said trustees shall be seized thereof, in trust for the fer vice and benefit of the bid hamlets, for the pttrposes in this and the said former act mentioned: and that upon payment Ground and of the purchase money, which shall be agreed to be paid for the jne^uagei >. 1 r V, S r. tenements to

laid piece or pieces of ground and meffoages or tenements, rt beaded in

shall be lawful for the commissioners nominated, aligned, and trustees, on

appointed, as by the said former act is directed, to take poflef payment of

(ion of the same; and the same, and every part thereof, shall be, j^npcurcbafe

and is and are hereby declared to be vested in the trustees here mon

in before named, and the survivors of them, and their successors,

for the purpose of building a court house and offices, and also

such other conveniences as shall by the said of, or the major part of them, at any such general meeting as aforesaid,

be deemed necessary for executing the business of the court of requests for the Tower Hamlets, to which ufc the said buildings

shall be applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When trustees when and as often as any one or more of the said trustefcs shall die others to die, it shall be lawful for the pariftiiomrs or inhabitants of the rsua! parish, hamlet, prcciod, or liberty, within the said Tower Hamlets, (where such trustee or trustees was or were resident at the

ume

commissioners may build a court house and othercon leniencies;

and may borrow money'by annuities.

Annuities to be charged on the additional fume added to the f ees.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. c*779*

time that he or they was or were chosen or appointed a troftej or trustees)) have a right to assemble and meet for the choice of officers in their respective vestry, or other place of meeting for transaciing the public business of such parish, hamlet, precind, or liberty; and they, or the major part of them so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby empowered and required, on the Yueftej next after the feast of Easter next enfning the decease of such trustee or trustees, to appoint one other person or ersons resident within such parish, hamlet, precind, or liberty, to be a trustee or trustees in the room of him or them so dying, in whom (together with the survivrng trustees) the see simple and inheritance of the said piece or pieces of ground and messuages or tenements so to be purchased or accepted as aforesaid, and all the buildings and erections which shall be made or builr there on, shall, by virtue of such appointment, be vested in trust, for the purposes in this and the said former act mentioned \ and whenever any of the said trustees shall happen to die, the first or original number of twenty-two trustees shall from time to time be filled up in manner as abovementioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the said piece or pieces of ground, and messuages or tenements, shall be so purchased or accepted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the aid of to cause to be built and finished thereon, or provided and fitted up, a convenient court house, and such other buildings and conveniences, as shall be adjudged requifue by the said of, at any general meeting or meetings, to be held as by this act is directed, or by the major part of them assembled at such meeting or meetings; all which said ground and buildings shall from time ro time be used, maintained, supported, and repaired, in such manner as the said of shall think fit.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any seven or more of them, assembled at any such general meeting or meetings for that purpose, to borrow and raise any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds in the whole, for the purchasing of the said piece or pieces of ground, and messuages or tenements, and the erecting of such buildings, or providing and sitting up such court house and offices as abovementioned, by the grant of one or more annuity or annuities, for the life or lives of any person or persons, to be charged or chargeable upon the several sums of money by this act raised, or added to the fees of the said court, herein after particularly mentioned; which said annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of ten pounds per centum per an num, upon anyone life, for every one hundred pounds so borrowed or raised, and foin proportion for any greater or less sum: And they the said of shall and may, at any such tneeing or meetings, by an order or orders, signed by any seven or more of them, (without any stamp), charge the said additional sums hereby raised, or added to the find sees, with the payment

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 8. 579

ment of such annuity or annuities accordingly; and from and immediately ?fter the advancing of the moneys for the purchase, or granting of such life annuity or annuities as aforesaid, into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers, to be appointed by the authority of this act, and the delivery of such order or orders for the payment of such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, such annuity or annuities shall stand, and be charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and payable out of the said moneys, taf arise from the said additional sums by this act charged upon the said fees, in such manner and form as, by such order or orders for payment thereof, shall be expressed or directed, and the famf shall be free from all taxes and deductions whatsoever.

V. And cit further enacted, That all and every the said Annuities annuity or annuities may be assigned by the person or persons entitled to the same, or his, her, or their executors, adminif m m trators, or assigns, by endorsement, upon the back of the said

order or orders, to any person or persons whomsoever.

VI. And, for enabling the said of to pay and Commission

discharge the said annuity or annuities, be it enacted by the au the

thority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act,

there shall be paid, into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers to be appointed by the authority of this act, for every summons which shall be issued out of the said court, the sum of twopence, and for every hearing in the said court, the sum of one penny, over and above the fees received, or to be received, by the clerks of the said court, for every such summons and hearing respectively, by virtue of, or under the authority of this or the said former act; which said additional sums, hereby charged up the said several sees, shall from time to time be applied in payment of the said annuity or annuities so to be granted Or ordered as abovementioned, and the arrears thereof, during and until the same shall be fully paid off and discharged.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from Additional and after the death of the person or persons, upon whose life or ( ", d*added to lives such annuity or annuities (halbe granted, and from and celd/ovthe after the discharging of such annuity or annuities, and alfar death of an rears thereof, the payment of the said several additional sums of nuitajits. money, charged upon the said sees by virtue of this act as aforesaid, and each and every of them, shall cease and determine,

and shall be no longer paid or payable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commission Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any general meeting or ers cn "

*. J. u 11 1 1 - A j XL j^tract for the

meetings, to be held as by this act is directed, may, and are building a

hereby directed to contrast with any person or persons for the court house,

building and finishing of the said couit*house, and other con - C

veniencies hereby authorised to be built, and such contrast shall

specify the particular works to be done and the prices to be

paid for the fime, and the time or times when such works shall be cotnpleated, and the penalties to he paid or suffered in case

of nonperformance thereof, and the lame shall be executed by

seven or.more of the said, of, and also by the

or

gzo

of to order payment of annuities, and all moneys due for building.

For recovering money belonging to suitors of the court now in the hands of clerks, canno

decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6s. ll77&

pr persons contracting to perform such works respectively; and, previous to their entering into such contract, fourteen dajs notice at least shall be given, in one or more of the publick jiewfpapers, circulated within the bills of mentality, expressing the intention of such contract, and the time and place of meeting of the of to receive proposals for entering into the same.

IX. And for the better regulating the payment of the aid annuity ir annuities, and of the money which may be expended in the building andfinishing the said court house and offices, be it further enacted, That the said of, or any seven or more of them, at any such general meeting or meetings as aforesaid, (halt (by warrant, in writing under their hands, directed to such penbo or persons as shall be chosen treasurcror treasurers by the authority of this act) order or direct the payment of the said annuity or annuities, and also all such moneys as shall be due and payable for the building and finishing of the said court house and ojeces, to the person or persons entitled to receive the same respectively, as the same shall become due; and such treasurer or treasurers shall, upon receipt of such warrant or warrants, forthwith pay the same out of the moneys which shall be in his or tbtir hands as aforesaid, by virtue of, or under this act, and such warrants when paid shall be allowed in account to such treasurer or treasurers, upon the settling or auditing of his or their accounts with the said of, in manner as directed by this act.

X. And whereas there are in the hands of the present and farmer clerks of the said courts and of the representatives of clerks deuajei, divtrs and confederate sums of money, which were paid into the court for the use of the suitors thereof but hove not yet been calkd for or claimed by the persons entitled to receive the same although the same have been so paid in for the space of six years and upwards: and the said commissiorurs being desirous that the said money Jboulil bo hid out and invejied in some government security, that the same may be forth coming to the Jevrral suitors in the said court, % vho art etui tied thereto, when they shall demand the same respefiivtly; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law full to and for the said of, or any seven or more of t hem, at any general meeting to be held after the passing of this act, to demand the moneys foin the hands of any of the said present or former clerks of the said court, and also the said moneys in the hands of or due from the representatives of any cjer k of the said court who is deceased; and if, upon (bch mat d, the same or the payment thereof shall be refuted, it be 1 awful for the said of, or any seven or more thern, at my such general meeting, to sue for and recover t some by action or actions upon the case, in any of his Majesty couirts of record at k^estminster^ in the name of the treaibrer treasurers to be appointed by the authority of this act, in wbkl act on or actions it shall be sufficient for the said treasurer irerdurors to dedarc that the defendant or defendants Is or u

indebt!

1779*? Anno dccinoo nom gffofcqu IIL C 6k 381

indebted to such treasurer or treafams, in the fom of money which shall be so demanded of such defendant or defendants respectively, for so much had and received, for the use of the commissioners of the court of requesta for the Tower Hamlets*and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in such action or actions, he or they shall be iotitkd to his or their full costs, and shall have the like remedy feu the same by law as plaintiffs have for recovery of costs in other cases.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bond entered That upon payment or recovery of the moneys which shall be j^r^and filed for, or due from the said clerks, or from the representative th^r sureties, or representatives of any deceased clerk or clerks, in manner as to be delivered aforesaid, the bond or bonds which was or were entered into by of and can such clerk or clerks, and their respective sureties, to the said mort^iri of, upon his. or their being chosen such clerk or thetamdfof clerks of the said court, shall be, and is and are hereby declared the said clerks to be void and of no cffied, and shall be delivered up to be can it recovered. N celied; and such clerk and clerks, and the several other obligors or sureties in the said bonds mentioned respedhvdy, shall thereupon be fully and abftdmety released and discharged from their laid respedhvc bonds or obligations, and of and front all claims anddemands by the suitors, or any other person whatsoever, so* or on account of the moneys so recovered or paid as. aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when Money now and lb soon as the said moneys, or any part thereof, shall be tljc Jj*1* recovered as aforesaid the said of shall, and are ^lon^ir to hereby required to lay out and invest the same in three per the suitors, centum consolidated bank annuities, or in some other govern shall (when ment security, in the name of any tjhree persons to be chosen, recovered) be by the said of, or the major part of them, at any frich general meeting, as trustees for that purpose*such security. three trustees, and their successors, to be appointed as by this ast is directed, shall stand and be possessed of the same for the ilfes and purposes herein after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If the suitors That if any person or persons intitled.to.any of the money so demand thein already paid into the said court upon the account aforesaid, and in^efta. which is directed to be laid, out and inverted in manner above c(jf the tr^tk mentioned, shall at any time after the passing of this act demand surer to pay the same of the said of, or any three or more of it*& them, when in court, the same shall be a charge upon the said money so laid out and inverted in manner as aforesaid j and the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to order the money which shall be so demanded to be paid to the person or persons intitled to receive the same, immediately after such demand shall be made, and the same shall thereupon be paid to such person or persons accordingly, by the treasurer or treasurers appointed.or chosen as aforesaid, from any lum. or turns of money in his or their hands; and the said of shall, and are hereby required to direct so much flock to be sold, as shall be necessary

to

V

gga Anno decimo nono Georgithi. C rh

to replace the same, from time to time; as the said cortitoftson ers shall think fit.

XIV. And as to all such money as jhaw or may bebereafter pdl If the money into the J, aid court for or on account of the suitors thereof? (and wtetv hereatt^r pad not^aimed ttnd taken cut of the aid court, within the ffee into court is of.ftx ears aftr the same shall have been so paid in?) be it ettofted not claimed by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners bwf, by the suitors and are hereby required, at the expiration of the said six yfcan

ar^after it next ater ^lic^ mon^es ave been P n as aforesaid, i^paicf irf^the to ay out and invert the same from tfcneto time in the purchase of of three per centum consolicfated bank annuities, or same other may place it on government security, in the name of any three persons, s'ucf", pcat chosen by the said of, in manner as by this act h ecur y # directed with respect to the said moneys which have been already paid into the said court; and their successors to be in like man bat if claimed ner chosen or appointed as trustees for that purpose; and if anr by such suitors person or persons entitled to any of the money which (half be (s after theexpi. hereafter paid into the said court upon the account afore&d, yean"shall be anc winch not save been demanded until after the expin paid to them tien of such six years, shall at any time afterwards demands immediately, same of the said of, or any three or more of them, wjhen in court, the said of, or any three or more et them, shall, and are hereby required to order the money which shall be so demanded, to be paid to the person or persons Unified to receive the same, immediately after such demand shall be made, and the same shall thereupon be paid to such person m persons accordingly, by the said treasurer or treasurers, hom any sum or sums of money in his or their hands; and the said of shall, and are hereby required to directf so modi of the money, so to be laid out and inverted after the expiration of such six years, to be sold, as shall be necessary to replace the same, from time to time, as the said of shall think fit, until the whole thereof shall be so applied and disposed of; anything in this or the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding* -

The interest

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authb ^the'mone18 aforesaid^> That the interest and dividends, as wl] of the placed ouhjy^tr)oncy already paid into the said court, and hereby antfio hecommif. rized to be sued for and inverted as aforesaid, as of all such other sioners shall be money as shall or may at any time hereafter be paid into the

applied^court upon the account aforesaid, (and which shall belaid towards the -

reparation, out and inverted in any government security, at any timeef

cof the the expiration of six years from the time of paying in the same,

comt house. as by this act is directed), or so much thereof as shall remain

unclaimed by the said suitors of the said court, as aforesaid,

shall from time to time be paid nd applied in repairing, and

keeping in repair, the said court house and offices hereby authorised to be built as aforesaid, and for insuring the same, j

and defraying all taxes and other expenses attending the said I

court house and offices, in such manner as they the said Coro j

mifljoncis, or the major part of them at any general meeting

or

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 383

or meetings to be held as by this at is directed, shall from timfe to time judge necofiary for those purposes respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid in cite the That when and as often as any one or more of the said three Trustees, in trustees in whom or in whose name the said moneys shall by "hrc nam the authority of this act be laid out and inverted respectively a shall^cp^laced aforesaid, shall happen to die, the said of* cfr any out at intercity seven or more of them, at any general meeting to be held as by shall die, the (his ad is directed, ffialu and are hereby required, by writing commissionert tinder their hands and seals to appoint one other person or ^5? persons to be a trustee or trustees, in the room of him or them lb dying, and thereupon such new trustee or trustees shall, together with the survivor or survivors of the said trustees first chosen. and their successors, stand. and be possessed of the said moneys, so placed out and ipvested, upon the trrifts and for the purposes abovementioned of and Concerning the same

uid whenever any one of the said three trustees shall happen to die, the first or original number of three shall from time td titne be filled up in manned as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissiori; That the said of, at any general meeting to be held crijjiy as aforesaid, or the major pan of them assembled at such meet*

ipg, shall and may, and are hereby required to elect and choose one or more person or persons to be treasurer or treasurers for the receipt of the said additional sums ofimoney, hereby charged upon the several sees above particularly mentioned, and of all moneys which shall, at any time after the passing of this act, be paid for or on account of the purchase of any annuity or annuities and other the purposes of this act; and the said treasurer or treasurers shall continue in his or their office, until another shall be chosen in his or their room.

it

VIII. And be it further enacted, that the clerks of the Clerki so ae. said court shall account to the said of, or any seven ^j^issioners or more of them, once in every year, or oftener if they shall f^addidonal be required so to do by the said of, or any seven of foms to the more of them, at any such general meeting or meetings as fees; and for a(fpresaid, for all the said additional sums charged upon the said fees, and for all moneys which shall be so paid into the said thefdtort*epurt as aforesaid; and shall from time to time pay all the said moneys, (except the sum of one hundred pounds, which shall always be left in the hands of the said clerks, to answer the claims of the said suitors), and the said additional sums upon the said fees, to the said treasurer or treasurers, whensoever they shall be required so to do by the said of, at any such general meeting or meetings as aforesaid, or by any seven or Snore of them assembled at any such meeting or meetings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said commissiott comihifiiort ers assembled at any such general meeting or meetings as afore curi^of^hv said, of any seven or more of them, shall and may, and are treafartrj*hereby required to take sufficient security of such treasurer or treasurers 10 to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, by bond, or % V o L XXXII C C therwife.

3u

who shall account for all moneys received, & C

Commissioners to take cognizance of debts for rettt Under 40 s.

No person to recover relit as aforesaid, unless he has been in possession of the premifei, cit months preceding the

time for which such relit is demarideif.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. t779.

dherwife, to the said comftitqohers, or day (even or nort d them, in any sunt not less that two thousand pounds, for tk accounting and due payment, by such treasurer or trealkms, of all moneys which shall come to his or their hands, and far the delivery of all books, paper, and writings, to any fnccasd ing treasurer or treasurers $ the said commissionera, m any fifteen or more of theft, assembled at any such general meet ing, may discharge or remove such treasurer or trieafuress from his or their laid officer and every such treasurer or treafiuets shall account annually, or oftener, if thereunto retpured by the said of, or any seven or more of them, at any finch general meeting, for all moneys by him or threat received and paid, as such treasurer or treasurers as aforesaid, on fourteen days previous notice to be given or left at his or thfcir honfc or houses, or most usual place or places of abode, for that punpafc: and the said treasurer or treasurers, or his or their cnetuton or administrators, shall well and truly pay ah fact) moneys, as shall appear to be remaining in his or their hands, tm auditing or settling such accounts, and shall deliver over all books, pa pars, and writings, in his or their possession, custody, or pester, belonging to the said of, or to the said anon of treasurer, to any/ucceeding treasurer or treasurer, when them unto required by the said commhttoners, or any (even or doom of them, at any such general meeting as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas there are great numbers of mnnufaflurart ami day labouring people residing in the Tower Hamlets, whowrrktmr famitit* occupy tenements, or parts 6f tenements, let ty petrol afc mise, and the expenses of recovering of such rents bydqion at latv, tnojl commonly exceed the amount of the relit sued d, to the groat injury of the landlords of fitch tenements, and the oppression of jboab occupiers; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the aurbority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to take cognizance of any debt or demand under the value of forty Shillings, for relit of any tenetdeist, or yavt of a tenement, within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid, let by parol demile, (except the precina of the Tower within;,) and also for the said of to hear and determine On such debts and demands, and to award execution, in the same manner as they are authorised to do for any other cause of aeton, anything in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding' '

Provided always nevertheless, That the rid of shall not take cognizance of any such demand or*claim for relit, unless the person or persons making such demand or ciaim, or the person or persons in whose right such demand or claim shall be made, or under whom he or they shall claim, hath or have been in the6tual possession of the said tenements, or in the actual receipt of relit for the said tenements, during twelve months immediately preceding the time for which such relit shall be so demanded; and provided stlfo that no recovery of relit in the said court be accepted or given in evidence in support of the title of any person or 'personr

whaifoevtr.

i 779*1 Attno decimommlo Gfcokon III C 68. 3^5

urbatfoe^, toanylaruse, tenements, or hereditaments whatsoever.

XXII. Provided ilfo, That nothing herein contained shall This act not extend, or be construed to extend to prevent any person or to prevent any pcefoos from making distref&for or bringing any action or afii ^ft^nmefor' qos for relit, although the same shall not amouht to the sum of relit, s forty shilling.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, if defendant That, from and after the passing of this act, in all cases what negklts to soever, whenever any debitor or defendant, residing within the appear to the jurisdiction of the feud court, (hah have been duly h*mmoned the

to appear before the corn mi (Goners in the said court ac pronotfnce cording to the tribal and accwftomed manner of fommoning judgement iif personsa for tharpurpose, and such debtor or defendant shall re his absence; fuse or negiea to appear to such summons, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any three or more of them, when afiembkd in the said court, upon due proof being lgtade before them that such debtor or defendant was duly summoned in manner as aforesaid, to proceed to hear the cause or matter of complaint, touching or concerning such debt or debts on the part of the plantiff or phmtifis only, and to make or pronounce thereon such order or orders, or judgement or judges merits, in respect of the debt or debts demanded or sued foras to them shall seem just and equitable 2 and the said commis anfj^sioners, or any three or more of them, shall then fix upon and point a certain appoint same certain time and place, according to their difere time for him tien, for every Aich debtor or defendant to shew cause before the aa?nft such of of the said court, or any three or more of them, fug<?gement, against such order, or orders, or judgement or judgements, foseef made and pronounced upon such hearing as aforesaid; at which time and place, or at any other subsequent court or courts, the said of, or any three or more of them, shall have fall power and authority by this a A (whether such person or persons shall appear or shew cause, or not) upon proof, on the oath of one of the beadles of the said court, (that such order or orders, or judgement or judgements, or a copy thereof, had beep delivered to such debtor or debtors, or left at his, her, or tlwir ufaai place of residence, or abode, or working), to award execution thereupon, in like manner as by the said former act they are authorised to do in other cases i and the clerks and beadles of the said court are, in every such case, hereby authorised to take and receive the like fees, for the call of the defendant, and making, and serving or leaving of every such order as aforesaid, as they are authorised and empowered to take and receive for or upon any attachment, issued by virtue of or under this or the said former act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by authority aforesaid, Attorniesnot That no privilege shall be allowed to exempt any person from the jurisdiction of the said court of requests on account of his tien*of the being an attorney or solicitor of any of the courts at Westminster court, or of any other court whatsoever but thtf all attornies and foc

C 2 licitors

directions for holding general meetings.

Mo victualler C capable of acting as a commissioner.

Expenses of this act hoar to be paid.

This act not to efctend to the precinct of the Tower Within, C

Limkations Of actiont.

[General issue.]

Anno decifno rk>^o.geq^ciiih. c. 6x., [1779.

ficitors shall be subject to, the Several precedes orders, judge, ments, and executions of the said court of requests, in Ac (am manner as any other persons are subject to the same^by this V the said former act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no general meeting shall be held as ^fore&id for any of the purposes in this or the said former act, without the brier of three oir more of the of, made upon one of the court days in the said former act mentioned, whilst they shall be in court which said order shall be in writing, and fltab specify the particular time and place, and also Ac purposed such general meeting, and shall be registered by the clerks then present in court, or one of them, and notice thereof in writing, or in print, shall be delivered to, or left at the usual place of abode of, all the said of respectively, by the beadks of the said court, or by any other person or persons the commissioners requiring such general meeting shall direct, four daw at lead before the holding of each and every such general meeting respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no viftaallt&^or person or persons whosoever, who shall sell ale, tifee^ sr spirituous liquors by retail, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this or the said former act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the charges and expenses of procuring and passing of this present act uiah bt paid satisfied and discharged, out of the fird moneys which (ted be raised as aforesaid, by virtue or in pursuance of this act.

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to the precinct of the Tower within; nor to redrain the ancient court of record h^d for and within the liberty of the tower of London, from holding plea of any personal action which shall arise within the ud liberty, or to take away, alter, or abridge, any jurisdictidd, authority, privilege, immunity, or exemption, which the chief governor of the tower, or his deputy or deputies, or any officer or minider or any inhabitants within the said liberty, enjoys, or enjoy, or ought to enjoy, by virtue of any law, usage, pit feription, grant, charter, commission, or otherwise, any thrng herein or in the said recited act contained to the contrary not withstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, or ou account of any order, determination, judgement, or decree of the said of, until twenty days notice shall be given thereof in writing, to be left at the office of the clerks of the said court, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after three calendar months nextafter the cause of action shall arise; and the defendant or defendant such actions and suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter io evidence

1

1^79-j Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6g. 387

dence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon and if

the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or if a verdict or judgement

shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then,

and in either of the said cases, such defendant or defendants

(halt have double costs, and shall have such remedy for reco Double cq&u

vering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for

his, her, or their costs in any cases by law.

[Public act.]

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act j and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for tbt more effectually preventing the pernicious practises of Snuggling in this kingdom \ and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, in defiance of the several laws of customs and excise already made, and of the penalties and provisions from time to time enacted for the punishment of offenders against such laws; and notwithstanding the grace and clemency lately offered to persons yjho bad been guilty of smuggling offences, great quantities of prohibited and uncuflomea goods, and par titularly of tea foreign brandy, and other foreign spirits, continue to be illegally imported into and landed in this kingdom; and fitch goods are run carried, and conveyedj from the sea coafis through the country, as well by secret frauds and clandestine practises as by open force, and by gangs of daring and diffokte persons, armed with offensive weapons, and officiated and assembled to carry into execution their evil and pernicious purposes, in subversion of all civil authority and power whatsoever: and whereas it is become highly necessary for the preservation of the public revenue, the protection of the fair trader, and the quiet and good order of the kingdom, that some further provisions Should hi made for the better preventing such illegal practises, and for deterring all persons from committing such offences, or from being aiding and assisting the rein; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri tualand temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Act. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and, 779>ifany*' after the first of day auguju one thousand seven hundred and foreign spiri seventy nine, where any foreign brandy or other foreign spirituous liquors tuous liquors shall be imported or brought into Great Britain or into any port, harbour haven, or creek thereof, from part bf* any part of Europe, in any vessel or cask which shall not Europe, in a contain sixty gallons at the lead, (excepting only for the use of vessel contain, the Teamen then belonging to and on board the (nip or vessel in affong which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two gallons ^e^arn^shall for each seaman), then not only the said brandy, and other be forfeited, foreign spirituous liquors, but also the ship or vessel in which with tie ship, the lame shall be so imported, of whatever burden the same &0,

C C 3 may (Exception.)

3*8

Anno decimo nono Georgii 1h. t.69. [k 779.

may be, with all her guns, fumitui'e, afaonmirioni tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited and left.

After Aug,

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritytfatflm, 779> wocii That, from and after the said first day tsfaugtfi, one tboofatoa fn/ Mother even hundred and seventy oin, When ariy tea caffiee^idrcsign goods, sue brandy, or other foreign 'spirituoto liquors, or any gbodfc Wtifcv liable to for soever, are liable to forfeiture for being found on aboard any feiture for be ships or vessels coming or arriving frottitoreign pals, ath&dr, bg ft? or hover, ns within the limits xn any of the pdrtspf this king ^orn* or within two leagues of the cotfts thereof, orfor hfrwirj; foreign part?, been discovered to have been within the limits of any at anchor, C trary to any act of parliament now in force, the ship or vessel, th^coast^the^com*n2 or arriving from any part of Europe, on board which said^ip^if*uch goods shall be so found, together with all her guns, fur*not above 100 niturc, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hell 'be fotfcfrest, tom, shall be provided such ship or vessel doth not cticoed he b(tirfheh of forfeited, with two hundrded tonnes, rgung, ^C J jnj whereas by an act, made in the eighth year of ihi

s te majesty &!*& George thefirji, it'was, smongff other' '* enabled, That if any boat, wherry, pinnate, barge, or gtofaj, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than four ear, fbemu be found upon the water, or in any place within tie counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Essex, or in the river Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or within the limits of the spores London, Sandwich, or Ipswich, such boat, wherry, pmwaes, barge, or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, or the wats thereof, jhouu be forfeited, and the owner or owners thereof, or oap person fifing or rowing the same, Should also forfeit and loose the Jim of forty pounds; in which add it was provided that the said ast Should not extend to any barge or galley belonging to his Mfljsfif, any of ike royal family, or to any longboat, yaul, or pinnate af longing to or used in the service of any merchant ship or veffit, srse any such boat, wherry, pinnace, large, or galley, as Should be lb cenfei by the lord high admiral, or of for executikg fthe office of lord high admiral, or the major part of them for theltime being, upon sufficient security to be given to his Majesty, i is heirs successors, by the owner or owners of such boat, wherry, pinxau, barge, or galley, as in the said all is directed, with condition that gfk same Should not be made use of in the clandestine running of unutjhmed and prohibited goods: and whereas it may be a means to prevent tied discourage the perniciouspraflice of smuggling, if the like penalties, sir,

and refiriflions, were extended to such boats and other vessel

as are mide or built to row, or are found rowing with more tbs* fix The said act, oars, within any other part of this kingdom 5 be it therefore enacted so far as it re by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first la re to boats, day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine buhtvo row lien Part rec'tei* aft, anc the several clauses, penalties, with more forfeitures, and restrictions, therein contained, (not altered by thanfouroars, this act), so far as the same relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, witinn th barges, or galleys, towing, or made or built to row, with more mentioned' than Gars, within the counties and fjaece do the said

mentioned

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6gl 389

mentioned, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all shall be ex. boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, galleys, or other vessels whatsoever, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than buiktorow'six oars, which shall be found, either upon the larid or water, with more within any harbour, port or place whatsoever, in any other thaoixoar* part of Great Britain, or within two leagues of the coast thereof, q iubjpd nevertheless to the several exceptions relative thereto as nttx0# in the said recited act is and are particularly provided.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing This act not herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the to tend to commanders of any of his maje&y's ships or vessels, or vessels employed in the transport service, with respect to foreign spiri jetty's ships, ot tuous liquors put on board them, to be iflfued by way of allow transit xnce to the re(pediv* ships companies, or troops put on board vessel, Sec. $ them.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this nor to tow ad shall be construed to extend to boats commonly called Taw bqats in the boats, (used in towing ships or vessels) belonging to licensed prt9^wol pilots within the port and jurisdiction of the city of bristol

VI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ship and That the ships, vessels, and boats, forfeited by this act, shall boats forfeited and may be seized and arrested by any officer or officers of the g customs or excise; and shall and may be prosecuted, condemn j any officer of ed, and recovered, in the same manner as other ships and customs or vessels are directed to be prosecuted, condemned, and recovered, extifr.

by an act, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs, and for the encouragement of officers making seizures, and for the prevention of the clandestine running of

ioods into any part of his Majestfs dominions) 5 and that when any vnm hip, vessel, or boat, liable to forfeiture by this act, which, by Oiip, f C shall any act or acts of parliament now in force, is after condemna* befeized stare tien liable to he burnt or destroyed, or to be used in his Mawr jetty's service, shall be seized by any officer of customs or excise theirhsls as forfeited, and the same shall pot be thought (it or necessary. may be brok to be used in his Majesty's service, it shall and may be la wful en up and sold, for the respective of of customs and excise, after condemnation, to direct the hull of every such ship, Vessel, or boat, to be broken up, and the materials of every such hull to be sold to the best advantage, and the prbduce thereof to be di vided III the same manner as the produce of the tackle, furniture, and apparel, of ships, vessels, and boats, burnt and destroyed, is now directed to be divided; and no writ of delivery shall be in what cases granted out of the court of exchequer for any such ship, vessel, writs of de or boat, so seized by any officer of the customs or excise, and very may*which by any former act relating to the customs or excise is di fhc^xctscuer reded to be burnt or destroyed, or to be used in his Majesty's for Sips, service, and which is hereby liable to be broken up, unless the C officer seizing the same shall delay proceeding to the trial and condemnation thereof for the space of three terms \ and in that cate, not without good security being given, in double the

C C 4 value

ftp

Anno decimo noao Georgii ui. .9 [1779.

talue of such ship, vessel, or boat, tp return the^iamc upatt condemnation, in order to be broken tip, or pfed in his Majesty's service.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of Jugufl, one thoe&ad seven hundred and seventy nine, in all cases where thcotikcro of custcims or excise shall discover and find on board any (hiper vessel, coming and arriving from foreign parts, within the fe prits of any of the ports of this kingdom, more than one. bun -- dred pounds weight of tea, not being in ships belonging to or

Penalty of 3001, on the matter of any ship coming from abroad having'more than 100

pounds of tea ___ _____ _

houiu^oot by the united company of merchants ot Eagkml

India stip)}* trading to the East Indies; or more than pne hundred gaunes or more than*of foreign brandy, or of other foreign spirituous liquors, over lopgahon* of and above the quantity of two gallons for every fcaroan. tbox bess^belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, and betdgfn gafloni for calks under sixty galloris; the master, or other person having or

each seaman taking the charge of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the him ad

on board), three hundred pounds; and it shall and may be lawful infeca

*?& case for any officer or officers of the customs or exoise, and ibe

lons^other persons ailing in their aid and affiftapee, and they astd:

' r eac^ f them is and are hereby authorised to arrest, take, and

custo*" or detain, the said matter or other person so having the charge or

excisemay command of such ship or vessel, and to carry and convey

arrest, such person so taken before any one of his Majesty's justtcesef^ matters, ice, she peace, residing near to the place where such. ship or veflet.

(lull then be, or where such person shall be arrested, and takcct> and the person so carried and conveyed shall be obliged to enter into a recognisance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors* before such justice, in the sum of three hundred pounds, (which recognisance such justice is hereby authorised nd required itn take;, with condition to enter an appearance in the courts of exchequer ip England and Scotland respectively, within the fiefl four days of the term next ensuing such arrest, to any infer,

which shall or may be exhibited against him; amt such

1'uttice shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to trensmit very such recognisance to the king's remembrancer in such of the said respective courts; and if such perfop shall refofe to enter into such recognisance as aforesaid, then such justice (hatt " commit such person to the next county gaol, there to re{nata until he shall enter into such recognisance.

After Aug. t. ' YHI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesakl^ 1779, officer? That, from and after the said first day of August> open thousand ofc^otiomoj seven hundred and seventy nine, it shall and may be lawfulfar V theiraffistant* any ceir or officers of the customs or excise, and for all other > ma arrest all perfops acting iq their aid and aflittance, to arrest, stop, and do tain, all and every person and persons who shall be found aiding or assisting in unshipping to be laid on land any tea, foreign, brandy, or other foreign spiritqous liquors, or any goods or mef> chanijizes whatsoever, (customs and other duties not being firfb* paid or secured)) which are of may be prohibited to beipa^ ported into thi? kingdom; and such officer or officers and all*' f* per (bos

L

persons found aiding in qn flush^ng an. cultomed of prohibited goods j

and carry

1779-) Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 69.

perfotis acting in their aid^n^ assistance, shall forthwith carry them before

and convey the said person or persons before one or more of a justice, who

his Majesty's justices of the peace residing.near to the place

where such offences shall be committed; and such justice or jut

ticcs shall, if he or they see cause, commit such person or persons.

the next county goal, there to remain, without bail or main

priae* until the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be

held for the same county or place, to be tried and dealt with

as by this act is herein after directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Two or mote That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven sot htmdred and seventy nine, if any persons, to the number of two

orzmore in company, shall be found passing in any part of this or in disguise; kingdom with one or more horse or horses, or with any cart with anyhortl or carriage, whereon there shall be laden or put more than six pounds weight of tea, or foreign brandy, or other foreign spiri mor^than fit tuous liquors, exceeding the quantity of five galions, hot hav pounds of tat ing paid the respective duties by law charged thereon, and not or five gallon having an authentic permit or permits with the same; and shall^uta cany any offensive arms or weapons, or wear any vizard, make, or other disguise, when passing with such tea, or foreign spiritu*

out liquors, as aforesaid; shall and may be lawful for any of may be aftvftw ficer or officers of the customs or excise, and all other persons d by any of acting in their aid and assistance, to flop, arrest, and detain, the t^7orexc|l poefon and persons so passing as aforesaid, in whose charge, care, and carried pustody, or possession, the said tea, foreign brandy, or other before a jut foreign spirituous liquors, or either of them, (hiall then be found: dee, and the said officer and officers and the persons acting in their*aid and assistance, shall and may, and they ar hereby authorised to convey the person or persons, so offending as aforesaid, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace; who; who may if he or they see cause, (half commit the offender or offenders to coffimittmfe the next county goal, thereto remain, without bail or mainprize till the next general quarter sessions of the peace of the county or place, to be tried and dealt with as by this act is herein after diveded,

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Any perfofl* That if, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand after Aug. u seven hundred and fevdnty nine, any person or persons whatso*779*

ever shall assault, resist, oppose, raoleft, obstruct, or hinder, any*officer or officers of the customs or excise in due seizing or fc customs at curing any coffee, tea, coconuts, chocolate, foreign brandy, or excise in felt other foreign spirituous liquors, or any other goods whatsoever WJ> uncnftom* which by any officer or officers of the customs or excise shall or*

may be liable to be feixed by virtue of or in pursuance of any ad now in force; or shall by force or violence refeue, or shall or (hah at cause to be refeued, any of the said goods, after the same shall nave been seized by such officer or officers as aforesaid, or shall cu*

or endeavour so to do; or, after such seizure, shall cut, or foall Have, break or otherwise destroy or damage, any casks, vessela* boxes, or package, wherein the same respectively shall be con which such fained; it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of the goods shall be

Customs contained

39*

may be arrest od by the officer, c and carried beta a justice, who may commit the offender.

Officers to enter into re ixignixance to profecuu.

Charges of prosecution to

be paid by rcoeiver general of customs or jeaccife. Persons committed as aforesaid to be tried by the

Quarter fef onss

vision, shall commit the offender to hard labour in the house of correction p the county, ftc.

But if fetch convict shall be deemed a proper person to ieeve his mauftyby land or fed. the justices shall dekvfcr him over to the proper officer

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6$.

[1779.

customs and excise, and for all periods acting in their aid and affiftaoce, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the perfect and persons so offending, and him, her, or than, forthwith carry and convey before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, near to the place where the offence shall be ran milted or done; and the jpftice or justices shall, if he or they see cause, commit the person or persons, so brought before him or them, to the next county goal, until the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the same county orplace, there to be tried and dealt with as by this act is hcrctn after directed.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aftmefiud. That the officer or officers who shall convey any offender, arrested by the authority of this act, before any jufhee of the pence as aforesaid, shall, in case fitch offender shall be committed 10 the county gaol as a foresaid, enter into a recognisance to his his Majesty, his heirs and successors, before such justice, in the boa of forty pounds, conditioned to appear at such general quarter sessione of the peace, and to prosecute the person 4b committed; and the cammtfiioners of customs and excise respectively axe hereby directed and required to order the charges of ftach prosecution to be paid out or any money in the hands of the receiver-general of the customs and excue ccspectively, anting by nay branch of the revenue under their rdpedive managenaexu.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority afewftid. That where any person or persons (Kail be arrested, detained, and committed as aforesaid, for any offence against this act, to any county gaol, there to remain until the next general quarter sessions as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawfulrfcr the justices at fetch ieffioos, and they are hereby authprifedand required amine, hear, try, and determine, act and every such offence and offences; and if the person or persons so committed.as afore jsid, shall be duly convicted before them of any offence against this act, then, and in every such case, it shall and 49ay he lowfeil for the said justices, at such general quarter sessions, and efaey are hereby respectively authorised and required, in lieu + any other punishment to which such offender or offenders might be liable for the same offence by any former act, to commic such perfionor persons to hard labour in the house of correcttoo. of the county, city, town, or place, there to remain for a term att exceeding three years, nor less than one year.

XIII. Provided always, That if any person so ootm6ke4 fbatt be approved of by any officer of his Majesty Viand forces or fleet, as an able and proper person to serve.his Majesty, k ihau and may be lawful for the said justices, at fetch general quarter sessions, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, in lieu of any other punishment to which fetch offender spay he liable by this or any former act for the same offence or offences, to order and adjudge every such offender 40 fjprve his Majesty. as 1 soldier or sailor, and to cause such man to be ddi voted over to jueh officer of his Majesty 's land forces or 'fleet,

fetch

1779.] Anno decimo aonoceoroh 111. c. 69. 39$ such offic et giving a receipt under ids 'hand acknowledging whet then are so delivered to him, which receipt such officer is hereby required to give; and such officer may, in case he shall find. jtnbeessary, detain such oiafi mfotne secure hoofe or dace no person so delivered in pw (bonce of dm a A shall be liable to be taken Oat of his Majestyb service by any process other than for same criminal matter.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ft justices, at That if the said justices in their sessions shall not be attended, at the time of the time of convicting such offender or offenders as aforesaid, conviflmgany bytome proper officer of his Majesty's land forces or fleet, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices to adjourn them tended by a feives to same other convenient day, and to give such dite&iens proper officer, as they (halt think proper for securing such offenders as afore they may ad. fafd, and to cause nonce to be given to any such officer of the i^jencttee day and place of sech adjournment; and such officer is hereby thereof to required to attend, or appoint same other per (bn to attend, the officer, who said justices at such adjournment, and to receive such pwfons as fl, al attend ia fheyfhatt adjudge or order to be so delivered as aforesaid, in Case or

fitch officer shall approve of such person or persons as able and p proper to serve his Majesty in manner aforesaid.

XV. And it is htereby farther enabled by the authority afore Justices may said. That it shall and may be lawful for the said justices to im 1evya pose upon any gamer, or keeper of any house of correction, or

of any'prisen, who shall fafferany person, committed to his cu(.' ing anelcape* tody in ipurfaance of this atfty toescape, or upon any conftafele, 'or an parish, hcedboroegh, tithingman, orpsrtfhor town officer, for every officers for wilful neglea or default in the execution of any warrant, order, i of precept, to them, or any of them, diseasd in pursuance of cution of*j s this&, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to cause every warrants, C

1 such fine to be kvied bydtftjofs and sale of she offender's goods, 1) renrdering the overplus (if any,) to the owners, and to pay the,

1 said'ftne to shetrifonner br informers.

r,

XVI. And be 'it fattber enacted by the authority aforesaid, The second, -, the justices, upon such'con viaioti as aforesaid, anddfcli d <i*h ec i weryof such persons to such officer or officers receiving such arttiti rf war persons as aforesaid, feall cause the second and sixth feaiorts of againstmutiny, the articles of war agahtft mutiny and desertion to be read to and desertioit, the person fotobe delivered as aforesaid, in the presence of the tubereadtotha, said justices; artd (he said justices shall tender to every such person the oath mentioned mthe third feaion of the articles of s, j the"

war; and the said justices shall, and they are hereby required oath tendered (forthwith to certify under their hands, that fudh person or per to them.

ferns is or are ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty, setting Justices tocer.

forth'rhe name, age, parish, and last place of bbode. Of him or tify that such, respectively, if known, and that the second and sixth seal ^[udted^o Ohs of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion wereread rjve II Mato him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath menti 'jesty.&c.

ocsed ht the said articles Of war, or had refused to take the said _.

and shall ddjver such certificate, together with stich man wh*cb or men, to the said officers orqperfoos appoioted to reecive: ^a/th' such f "

"men, shall be

394

delivered to the proper officers, and they shall be thereupon deemed to be enlisted.

An entry to

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 9. f[f77f

and such mah or men shall thereupon be deemed and taken t be enlisted, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the ad oath according to the said articles of war; and the said justices shall also forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by them, or by the clerks d tie peace of the county or place, for that purpose, of the names of bp made of the the men so delivered as aforesaid, the ages, parishes, and place ^nd^acesof k abdc* they can be known, and of the timeani

sboief&c. of place when and where such men were delivered to the fakf ofi the men lo de cers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of tie livered, and oficers or persons who received them, and for what regiment of the officers Qr cofnp?ny* or Wp they were so received; and (han ao* who received true copies or duplicates of such entries attested by the nrf* them, C tices or the clerk of the peace, within forty days after the des vering such men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the (At. of the secretary at war, or into the office of the commifeobm / for executing the office of lord high admiral.

Persons ad XVII And, for the more effectually preventing any frsto&cr judgedroferve abuses that may be practised in the discharging of such pearibes, his Majesty oy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no perfei ajtfonless* w*10 kg ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty as k disabkd by dier or as a Tailor, by virtue of this act, and fhidl have been jp accident, C proved of as aforesaid, shall, on any account, during thctpna shall not be of five years, unless disabled within that time by xmavoidihieac a r- cidont or bodily infirmity, be di (charged from his Majesty service

\ and any officer of his Majesty's land forces, marines, or fra fervfce, who shall presume, knowingly and wilfully, tdtfif charge any person so rnifed, levied, and delivered over, as aforesaid, contrary to this, t, or shall, by false muster or certificate, pr in cpnsideration of a gratuity of any kind, 'tt by any dfccr collusive or evasive ways or means whatsoever, suffer or pennk any such person to avoid the actual service hereby mtehded, pvery such officer shall, for such offence, be cashiered.

XVIII. And, for the better proventmgthe clandestine frit and disposal of coffee, tea coconuts, chocolate, foreign? brandy, or Other foreign spirituous liquors, whereby the illegal importafitm and running of such goods is greatly encouraged, and that innocent persons may not unwarily be rendered liable to penalties, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and

dlfchsrged within five years, nor suffered to avoid aftqal

frryice.

Officers offending herein so be pa ftjered.

afi*r Aug 1 9*

dfuggift, grocer, or pilier Person,

Who shall fell

Coffee, tea or W 41 imsihvi atacicu uy uw dumujjij niviviaiu, a uai, iiuui aim cocoa9nuts or after ^hefirst day of /iitgufi, one thousand seven hundred and fe make or*venty nine, every druggist, grocer, chandler, coffeehouse keeper,

tell chocolate, chocdlate housekeeper, and all and every other person or per be'a^tev0 I o a kller * or dealer, n coffee, tea, cocoa

ove^the^oor nqt8' or f atiy or either of them, or shall be a maker or seller of his (hop, of chocolate, shall cause to be painted or written in large legihk ic. the words charaaers over the door of each and every (hop, coffee roose, ft Ye0"' c^ociate'hou^ olhcr place, by him, her, or them rdpec orf penalty of tively t made use of so* the keeping coffee, tea, coconuts, oroo/. chocolate, the words dealer in coffee, tea, coconuts, or chociteti,

the cafr may be, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of two

hundred

>779a 'artno.dedma nono Georgii III. t.6gl 9$

hundred pounds for every (hop, coffeehouse, chocolate house,

r place, which, from end after the said first day of Aitgufi, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall be (b made use of by any such druggist, grocer, chandler, coffeehouse keeper, chocolate housekeeper, or any other person or persons, who shall be a seller or dealer as aforesaid respectively, without having the said words painted or written thereon as aforesaid t And that, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven And every hundred and seventy nine, all and every importer for late, or|prtc>; ^dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, (pints, or other foreign strong waters, who shall sell the same, either by whdefele or rituoui II P retail, shall cause to be painted or written in large legible charac quors, shall ters, over the outer door, or in the front, or on some conspicu cause to be ous part of each and every, house, (hop, warehotife, storehouse, [outer cellar, vault, and other places by him, her, or thedi respectively, door, or in made jufe of for the keeping of foreign brandy, or other foreign the front of foirituoua liquors, the wolds import of, or dealer ini foreign h, s hou && liquors, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such (hop, of

warehouse, storehouse, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from or dealer in, and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hun foreign spiri dred and seventy nine, shall be so made use of by any such im tucuii liquor, porter, seller, or dealer respectively, without having the said words painted or written as is hereby dirtded, the sum of fifty 50*pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Additional That if any dealer or dealers in tea, coffee, coconuts, or cho* penalty of colate, shall buy or procure, or employ any oerson to buy for00 f. on every him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, any tea, coffee, coconuts, or chocolate, of any other person or persons than of nuts, or cho* a dealer in such commodities, over the door of whose (hop, colate, and coffeehouse, chocolate house, and other place by him, her, or n every deal them respectively made use of for the keeping of coffee, tea, co spirftuouvfl? coa nuts, or chocolate, shall be painted or written, as aforesaid, quors, respectthe words dealer im coffee, tea coconuts, or chocolate, as the case tively, who shall be, every such dealer so offending shall forfeit and lose, for query such offence, the fom of one hundred pounds, over and go^jor \^ above all former penalties, and if any importer or dealer in quors of say fpreigu spirituous liquors Avail buy or procure, or employ any person not person to buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their h*?*jf use any foreign spirituous liquors of any other person than of an^painted importer or dealer, over the door of whose (hop, warehouse, over the door storehouse, cellar, vault, and other place, by him, her, or them of his (hop,

I respectively, made use of for the keeping of foreign brandy, and i other foreign spirituous liquors, shall be written or painted, as aforesaid, the words importer of, or dealer in', foreign spirituous LI

?uorsi every such importer or dealer so offending dull forfeit, or every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, over and I above all former penalties

I XX Provided always, That no such dealer in coffee, ted, Certain cite

or chocolate, shall be subject to the said penalties of ?numerated one hundred, pound for or by r$upn of any purchase or [her thedetu > .'transfer ert in coffee,

39$ Anno dniso aono gaomttt HL e 6g. [i

tea. cocoa transfer of any tea, eoffte, cocoa outs, whiift the same fcatw nuts, cho main in the respective waiefceufcs wherein the hue fluff he

wwte* lodged and pvt, according to the directions of an act, made in

the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty king Georg the first j nor by reason of any purchase of any tea, coffee, or cnoaa nuta, or chocolate, at any sale or (ales made by the rlirsdksoa of the Bajl India company, or of the commissionera of cadet or excite respectively; or at any sale made of any tea, coffee, or co coa nuts, sold for the benefit of the inforers or proprietors then of, and which may be sold free of doty to demy the chargee of. falvaget nor by rwoo of any first purchase pain mas:

huoreigh fpt!nor wy dealer in foreign spirituoua liquors be fabffft rituous lito the said penalty of one hundred pounds by reason of the par quori, shall be chase of any foreign spirituoua liquors, whiift the same remain cat luhfeft to the hoard the ships in which the same were lawfullly imported, or 6mpenalty of on qgays upon which they shall have been lawfully landed;

nor to the purchase of any rum whiift the same remains in any warehouse wherein the same shall hare been put, according to the directions of the act of the fifteenth and fixttenth pears ui the reign of hi late majesty King the second; nor to tha purchase of any arrack whiift the lame remains in the wire houses of the united company of merchants of England rad teg to the eef/i Indits t nor to the purchaso of any prise foreign spirituous liquors; nor to' the purchase of any foreign spirituousii*. qttors sold for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, and which may be sold free of duty to defray the charges offal vaget anything herein before contained to the contrary ootwith (landing.

penalty on

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, saving'mwu That if, at any time after the said first day of August, one than proper entries sand seven hundred and seventy nine, any person or perfect at the excite whatsoever, other than such as shall have duly made entry, at sht* lot^proper of excite, of the places by them rofpe&rmly over their mateso of for keeping of coffee, tea, coconuts, or chocolate, doors, tec. or for the keeping of foreign brandy, or foreign spirituoms lithe words quprs, shall paint or write, or cause to be painted or written,

afore men ovpr the door or in the front of any place to them respectively

uoa. belonging, the words dealer in aff'u> tea, or ebaenietti

tas the case shall he, or the words or dealer in spiritu

cm liquors every person and persons rcfocctively offending therein, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and shall alto be subject to the fevers! penalties and forfeitures to which persons selling of, or dealing in, coffee, tea, cocoa*nuts, chocolate, or foreign spirkuous liquors, without entry, are now subject unto.

If any person,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, not being such That jf any person whatsoever, not being such importer or dest> d'eawsu X eras aforesaid, shall buy or procure, or employ any other to buy fore said, shall for him or her, any tea, coffee, coconuts, chocolate, foreign buy affytp, brandy, or any other foreign spirituous liquors, (fove and ck coffee, cpr ccptat such sales, and in such manner as is herein before provided tuous Honour's, and excepted) of any other person or persons thanof such person or

(except ashe' persons

1/79'j Annodddlmo noao Gsxmou III C 69. 39?

peribas rtfpe&vely ow wheft xloor, or in the front, of oti fore except toe con^iojous part of whole house, (hop, warehouse, store ed,) of any bduse, cellar, vault, or other place, such words shall be painted {j^ne the a or written as aforesaid } every such person so buying, or so pro fore mention curing or employingany other to buy for him, her, or them, any CD words such goods as fefortsaid, shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose painted over the Aim of ten pounds; and if the person or persons, who shall ihaufm^ift hove (bid any tea, Coffee, coconuts, or chocolate, foreign, 0/# bandy, or other foreign spirituous liquors, to any dealer therein, the

or to any other person or persons, contrary to the true intent of any tea, and fowling of this acts, shall, within twenty days next after contrary such file, and before any information has been lodged against him or them for such offence, discover and inform against the person or persons Who bought, or who procured or employed before any in any other to buy for him, her, or them, such tea, coffee, cocoa formation has nuts, or chocolate, foreign brandy, or other foreign spirituous t? W liquors, as aforesaid, every such person fodiscovering and inform f/f^aa*a!nft ing shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified from all pe the buyer, the nakies to which, at the time of such information given, he said[fellershall might be liable, for or by reason of such his own offence.

XXIII. And tvhereus by an act, made in the nineteenth y/hf of p^aj^ J ' the reign of his late Mjtjly King George tbi Second, intituled An his own of atft for the further punishment of persons going armed or dif fence, guised in defiance oif the laws of customs or excise j and for in Recital of an demnifying offenders against those laws upon the terms in this ff Gc*act mentioned; and for the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon feheures; and which said act was to continue in' force for the [pace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament; and whichy by several subsequentfiatutes, of the twenty sixth and thirty second years of the reign of his said late Aidjeflfi and the fo&lby eleverithy and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, end from theme to the end of the then next fefftm of parliament;

per sins charged with being guilty of offences in the said act mentioned and prefiribedy were required to surrender themselves within a time limited by the said at, and that on neglect or refusal of surrender,

such persons were to be adjudgedy deemed, and taken to be convicted

and attainted of felony: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the

methods and orders in the said act dire stead and prescribed, relative

so the apprehending and harbouring the offenders therein mentioned,

)r for causeng such offenders to surrender, are, or were re enacted

ved continued by the said several acts: now, to put an end to such

letibtiy be it eno&ed and declared by the aiithorrty aforesaid, a|j

That all and every the methods, orders, directions, rules, pro penalties, and

rkimations, penalties, ptmishments, rewards, matters, and rewards, 'in

hiftgs, provided, oidered, settled, directed, imposed, given and the recited act

eefutred, by the said61 of the nineteenth year of the reign of his j^ittbe*"

aid date majesty, relative to the surrender, proclaiming, appre fb^nder^nd

lending, harbouring, and punishing such offenders, was, were, harbouring,

sad m continued and rc enacted by the said several ab, made cof the of. there

If

Anno dpdmq ju*a<x&rl*rilk 17791

In mentioned, in thetwcmy fjjcih,ndtiamfrecqod*nnt (i<tb* Wgni/ h

re continued fey fate Majesty, and iin the fourthf eletenth, aimi cigluremti

ss'madvfo? y*s ?f the reign, of hia^resent.m^y nnd ifag top tip mng the lawfully exercised, pwdbfed, applied used and, unpofoik*ftid recited regard to all and cvpry person and person* that offend^.of And - in future offend, agaura the ud act of theiunctc&ichijwarrcf his said late Majesty.; t

AH foreign

XXIV. And it is hereby, further; cnaaedb by theutbe*j thread lace, aforesaid, That all foreign thread Jace; which fcomanajtfter imported after the jbxft day of Avgufi* one thousand seven hundred and<wy tobemarked' nine be imported into this kingdom*shall, after, thefoige at each end of hath been entered at the custoavhouse* and Wore n shall he every piece, discharged by the officers, and delivered into thexustody CD importer, or his agent, be marked or sealed at eac piece, with such mark or seal, and by foehofikotoroffice* #'the respective commissioners of the^customa in Grmt jifiim

shall direct and appoint for that purpose:: ,

All person

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authorityafo* ofi* That ifany person or persons, having inhis, her, Qc th uccmay^on custody or possession, in any part of this kingdom or before Feb. any foreign thread lace, so directed to be.marked oriented 1*780, bring aforesaid, shall, on or before the first day of fearaa^oa: tje same to thousand seven hundred and eighty, bring or cattf* such fooejo cuaom.hmife be brought to the customhouse for the port nearest.to tb&pte*where such lace shall he, and shall make psoof on aath bffon the collector and comptroller, or other principal officertk cpftortis at such port, (which oath, such colieflor fd owp _^b troller, or other officer, is and are hereby requited, tp wi w*epaid7&c, nifter without fee or reward), that the legal duties d^apd payable to his Majesty were paid upon the impprtation of foefe lace, if the same was imported by him, her or them, qc that such lace was purchased by such person or persons( having possession thereof) in a legal fair way of trade, and that be, foe at they, Verily believe the legal duties due and payable jesty have been duly paid for the same, mentioning thcaiot when, and the port where, such lace was imported, prjriie, tifpe when, and of whom, such lace was purchased, as th$*fe; nj be, such lace shall be thereupon, without fee or reward, xmrked or sealed at each end of every piece with such mark or sea), and by such officer or officers, as the respective.of of the customs in Great Britain, or any three or more of them, ibau direct and appoint for that purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August % one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, every, p#rfon intending to export any such foreign thread lace which shall have been, marked or sealed pprfuant to the directions of this act, shall before such lace is shipped n order to be exported, give notice to the proper officer or officers, to be: appointed for that purpose fey the respective of of the custopat in Great Britain., wfoen and where be will packup the same ia order, tot be eaporfed;

'_: and

and have it marked, bn making oath hat the import duties

ns m

persons triiding to export such lace, to give notice to props officer.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. dg. 399

dud the said commissionrs of the customs are hereby im powered who is to see and required to cause such officer or officers to take care such. marks or fcate be taken off from every piece so intended ro ta cn be exported, without fee or reward; and no person shall be otherw]feno entitled to the drawback allowed upon the exportation of such drawback to lace, unless he shall have given such notice as herein before is be allowed, directed, and until such marks or seals shall be taken off by the proper officer or officers as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ATI foreign

That, from and after the first day of February, one thousand thread Uce # seven hundred and eighty, in case any foreign thread lace shall tr*f

be found m any (hop, warehouse, or other place whatsoever, p^' tp upon land within this kingdom, not being marked or sealed, net* herein before is directed, upon both ends of every whole and marked a entire piece, or upon one end of every remnant of such lace, the jffo^fjtd. same shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by e or eite any officer or officers of the customs, and shall and may be pro

(ecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the same manner, and by the same rules and regulations, as foreign thread lace, clandcf* finely imported and run into this kingdom, maybe prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any law now in force.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or counter any^wkor^ feit.any mark or seal, to resemble any mark or seal which shall foi uin be provided or used in pursuance of this act, or shall forge or pursuance of counterfeit the impression of any such mark or seal upon any this, or goods required by this act to be marked or sealed, or shall fell, ratessionviiy or expose to sale, or have in his, her, or their custody or pof foreign thread session, any such foreign thread lace with a counterfeit mark or lace marked seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited j all and or ^aled with cvefy such offender and offenders, and his, her, and their coantcr" aiders, abettors, and assistants, shall, for every such offence

forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same; and such offender and offenders shall also be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in some public place, for the space of two hours.

XXIX. And whereas, at the same time that the laws for fettering eryffrfort the revenues of cujlorhs and excise ought to be enforced, for the sake yjjo

of the fair trader, and the honour and dignity of government, it may have been be proper to pardon fitch of those who have been heretofore guilty of guilty of any fuih illegal practicesj who are desirous to make such atonement for offence against their post offences, by dedicating themselves to the service of their

King and country, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, and for ftid. That every person who, before the first day of June, one which no pro thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall have been guilty locution hat of illegal running, loacting, unshipping, concealing, receiving,

or carrying, any wool, prohibited goods, wares or merchan indemnified difees, orpy foreign goods liable to the payment of duties of by this act, customs or excise, (the same duties not having been paid or on thecon secured), or of aiding or assisting the rein, or shall have beenltiw*5*7* Vol. XXXII Vd armed

That, before Sep, 1779, and before he ilia 11 be arrested for such offence, he euter himself to serve as a soldier or sailor for three years, and do duty as such } shall also, before Sept. V779>register his name C with the clerk of the peace, and sign such register.

Form of entry.

cvrk of the peace to trans

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 69. [1779.

armed with firearms, or other offenffve arms or weapons, a order to be aiding dr assisting any such offenders a have been

Sof receiving such goals, wares, or merchandizes or oreign goods as aforesaid, where duties had not been pad for or secured, after seizure from the officers erf the custcuns or excise, or of any other ad or matter whatsoever whereby persons may be deemed and taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities, within the intent and meaning of any bw now in force; or of hindering, opposing, obstructing, wounding, or beating, any officer or officers of the custoois or excise, in the execution nt his or their office or duty, or of aiding w assisting therein shall be, and are, by the authority of this present act, acquitted, indemnified, released, and discharged, against the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, or officers of the customs or excise, and every of them, and all and every other person and person, of and from all and every the said offences, concerning which no suit or information, or pxofeqp tien, shall have been commenced, or composition made or of ferred, before the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, upon the following terms and conditions } (that is to say), that he do before he shall be arrested for the lame, and before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, inlifl or cqtcr himself with some commission officer of his Majesty's land forces or fleet, to serve as a soldier or sailor in the army or fleet, and do, for three years at least, from the time of such minting or entry, actually and bona fide serve and do duty as such in the said army or fleet; and shall also, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, register his name; employment, and usual place of abode, with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division, where he resides, in a book which is hereby directed to be feept by the said clerk among the records of the sessions for the bid county, riding, or division, for this purpose; and shall sign such register, signi/ying that he claims the benefit of thi* ast, and that he has enlisted or entered himself with a certain commission officer, by the name of his Majesty's land forces or fleet, as the case shall be, to serve as a soldier or sailor, which entry shall be in the following form:

A.B. of claims the benefit of an a of the nineteenth year of his Majesty King George the Third, and has entered himself with C D. a commission officer of his Majestfs land forces [or fleet], and has registered his name in the book kept by toe clerk of the peace of this county, (ridings or division), this day of pursuant to the directions of the said afi.

for which entry or register, there shall be paid the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, or division, one shilling, and no more; and that tht.iaid clerk of the pe$ce shall, immediately

after

1779.] Anno ctedmo nono gfcoron IL C 6g. 401

after the said twenty-ninth day of September, one though ufand seven to corn hundred and seventy nine, transnm to the of of the raij5oners of customs and excise an exact account of all the persons who have, 3 "accounts by such entry or register as aforesaid, entitled themfrives to all persons who claim the benefit of this act. haveregiltered

XXX. Prof ided always. That every person who shall make there names such entry, and claim the benefit of this present vt as afore pen?by on. laid, and shall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the jjg?hcbenist like offences as those herein before mentioned, or hereby in of this at, tended to be acquitted, released, and discharged, or shall at any who shall af tinae after desert from the said service, or, within the said term

of three years, procure his discharge therefrom, shall be subject kc offences, and liable to be profeluted, not only for or in respect of such or who fhati new offence, but shall also be subject and liable to all the same desert, C penalties, pains, and forfeitures, as he would have incurred or been subject and liable to, in case this indemnity had never been given 5 arty thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided also, That if any officer of his Majesty's land forces or navy shall, by false muster or certificate, or by any other collusive or evasive ways or means whatsoever, suffer j^s J Or permit such person or persons to avoid the actual service as actual service. aforesaid, such person shall not only lose the benefit of this act, but every such officer shall suffer the penalty of five hundred pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforfr Any Jofifce, said, That in case any officer of the customs or excise shalf not

use his best endeavours to seize any tea, coffee, foreign brandy, ^ccr^or^ or other foreign spiriruous liquors liable to forfeiture, and whicheglr& of it shall be the duty of such officer to seize; to flop, detain, duty, i*r*y ex carry and and convey before one or more justice or justices of the amme*vib* peace, any person or persons whom such officer is hereby autho aa* to stop, detain, and carry and convey before one or more justice or justices of the peace; that then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice or justice of the peace residing near to the place where such officer shall make default in the performance of his duty, upon complaint thereof made to such justice within three months after such default, to examine into the truth of such complaint upon the oath of credible persons, which oath such justice is hereby authorised to administer; and if it shall appear to such justice that there is a and if there reasonable ground for such complaint, then such justice is here a^fe^roimds* by required to rransmit the said complaint, together with the ot compla?nr* examinations taken before him thereon, unto the of the justice of the customs, if the officer complained against shall belong to foa'l transmic the customs; and if such officer shall belong to the excise, then unto the commissioners of excise; which of of the minatioiuu customs and excise respectively, are hereby required to make ken before inquiry, by such ways and means as to them shall seem meet, him, to the into the truth of the said complaint; and in case they think fit on the ground thereof to dismiss the officer, against whom such jj

- D d 2 com officer,

CI Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 70. [1779.

complaint shall be made, from his Majesty's fertice, then feck officer is hereby made incapable of executing any office in bn majesty's revenue of customs or excisefor the future e provided nevertheless, that no person shall be compelled to go above five miles from the usual place of his abode to be examined befefc any justice of the peace upon any complaint to be made to him as aforesaid.

No person

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person who prosecuted tin shall be prosecuted or punished by any of the provisionr in this der this act, ^shall be liable to be prosecuted or punished for the same other ^ofecu ^ence^otl)er a or aa anything therein contained to tionforthe the contrary notwithstanding.

same offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforr peilalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this forfeitures. acts, (not other wise hereby directed), shall be sued for, levied, how to be re and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods, covered and as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered ur app 1*mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, b plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland % and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the same.

Limitations of

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority actions. aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at an yd use or times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or thtm done or executed in pursuance of, or by colour of, this act for of any matter or thing in this acts contained, such action or prosecutfcn shall be commenced within the space of three months after the offence shall be committed; and such person or persons fell eneraliffue. and may plead the general issue, and give this act and thefpeciai matter in evidence, for his and their defence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of the said acts: and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find lot the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be rion suited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or de treble softs. fendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the Ike remedy for the same, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cas by law

CAP. LXX.

[Preamble.]

An act for extending the proviftom of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrestsj and for other purposes. TX tte REAS in and by an act of parliament, made in the

Recital of an. V twelfth year of the reign of King George the Fir fly (entitled, t aft is got. An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests) it is enacted, t

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 0. 403

That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, no person shall be held to special bail upon any process ijfusng out of anyfup&ior court, where the eatefe of action shall not amount to the sum of ten pounds, or upwards, nor Out of any inferior court, where the cause of action shall not amount U the sum of forty Billings, or upwards: and whereas the power of arrest and imtrifonment, on mesne process issuing out of fitch'inferior court, where the cause af action does not amount to ten pounds, is found by experience to be attended with much oppression to great numbers of his Majesty's subjects; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand After July 1, seven hundred and seventy nine, no person shall be arrested or held to special bail, upon any process iituing out of any inferior arrested, or court, where the cause of action shall not amount to the sum held to special of ten pounds, or upwards; but that tha like copies of process hail, upon any shall be served, (for the service of which process, a sum not p^f* issuing exceeding two Shillings and sixpence shall be allowed in cods),

nd the like proceedings shall be had thereupon in such inferior for Id than

court, hi all cases where the cause of action shall not amount

to the sum of ten pounds, or upwards, as are directed to be had,

by the said recited act, in such inferior court in all cases where the cause of action shall not amount to the sum of forty Shillings;

any law or ufeee to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the first Proceedingiia day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, in jnfcrir courts all cases in such inferior court (having jurisdiction to the amount lolto/up of ten pounds, or upwards) where the cause of action shall ward, halbe amount to ten pounds, or upwards, the like affidavit shall be the same as by made and filed of such cause of action, and the like proceedings the r*tci! shall be had thereupon, as arediredted by the said recited act to^, 2, of 40 si be had, where the cause of action amounts to the sum of forty or upwards.*Shillings, or upwards, in such inferior court.

III. And whereas diverse acts of parliament halve passed for the So much of alt recovery of debts within certain di/tn fls and jurisdictions, which may as forreeo bave authorised the arrest and imprisonment of defendants, where the debn, as au caujt of action amounts to left than ten pounds; be it enacted, That thorite ims so much of such actor as of parliament as gives such power prifooment of (halt be, and the same is hereby repealed. defendantsfor

IV. And, forasmuch as persons served with process issuing out of called.io inferior courts, where the debt is under ten pounds, may, in order to j. 1 avoid execution, remove their persons and effefls beyond the limits of ^berefbiaj the jurisdiction of such courts; be it enacted by the authority afore judgement said, That in all cases where final judgement shall be obtained, than be ob in any action or suit in any inferior court of record, it shall and {a'ne.d in may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record"

at Westminster, upon affidavit made and filed therein of such made thereof judgement being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry in any court

D d 3 having * rawd

tien having issued a gain ft the person or effects of the defendant, and that the same cannot

the (heriflf of any county, he

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. d.

[1779.

Westminster, having beer made after the person or persons of the defendant and of execu or dc^cncjant9j or his, her, or their effects, and of execution having i (fried againli the person or persons, or effr&s, is the case may be, of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, or effects, of the defendant or defendants arerot to be found within the jurisdiiftion of such inferior court, which

______ _ _ affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorised

be found with to take affidavits, and such superior court to cause the record of h?, the juris the said judgement to be removed into such superior court, to interiorcourt* luc writs execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, thetecordtf cry liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or efefo, such judge f the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon ment may be judgements obtained in the said courts at Westminrer; and the removed into sheriff, upon every such execution, shall, and he is hereby autho courtu^andr re to eta, n defendant or defendants, until the sum of writvofexecu twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the tien issued to effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary cods of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the inferior court subsequent to the said judgement, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execu* yon shall be issued.

Upon what V Provided always, and be it further enacted by

execution shall rity afore^i* That, from and after the first day of one

beftayedupon thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no execution shillbe any writ of stayed or delayed, upon or by any writ of error, or fupf rftd&l error, C for thereon.to be sued, for the reversing of any judgement given, or reverting to given, in any inferior court of record, where the damages givfntnan are under ten pounds, unless such person or persons, in whose inferior coirt, name or names such writ of error shall be brought, with two where the da sufficient sureties, such as the court (wherein such judgement is inages are un gr ^ass g*fven) ha 11 allow of, shall first, before such stay 10*made or supersedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the party for whom any such judgement is or shall be given, by recognisance, to je acknowledged in the same court, in double thq sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former judgement, to profecote the said writ of error with effedf, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said judgement be affirmed, or the said writ of error benon pros'd) all and singular the debt, damages, and costs, adjudged or to be adjudged, and all costs and damages to be awarded for the same delaying of execution.

Ho cause un

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no cause,

remo^edtnto ere the cause of action (halt not amount to the fqm of ten C V pounds, of upwards, shall be removed or removeaue into any

si superior court, unless

superior court, by any writ of habeas (orpas, or otherwise unless,

the defendant the defendant, who shall be desirous of removing such cause, become bound ^ass enter into te like recognisance for payment of the lebt

to pay debt awl costs if judgement pais aai#ft

him.

and colls, in case judgement shall pass againli him.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c*7k

CAP. LXXI.

i

for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund s and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

>, 071, 854./. 13l. 8d. 17. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the sum of 1,000, 000/or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persont who shall lend any money upon the credit of this atto have a rally of  loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preferences to be given in payment.

Nd tee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment. Auditor, Set. neglecting his duty, liable to damages, C to be recovered at Westminder, No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day j nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be referred for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bill instead of loans $ and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax a of this session. JJJ1 advantages and penalties in the land tax act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 1,000, 000l. notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae. The sum of 1, 763l. '

1l. surplus of the sinking fund; and fifth moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1779, and April 5, 1780, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; shall be applied towards making good the supply. The moneys arising by the land tax, malt tax, lottery act, loans, (1, 500, 000/) further loans 1, 900, 000l. vote of credit, 763 /. 1 /. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1779, of the surplusses of the sinking fund $ and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between apro 5, 1779*and April, 5, 1780, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; and 1, 071, 854./. 13l. id. 1 7. by this act granted out of the excesses, C composing the sinking fund together with the money arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declara tios of war and also such sums of money as his Majesty shall direct to be applied to the public service, which shall arise out of the sale of the ceded'idands in the West Indies j shall be applied to the uses following: 4, 589, 069l.

6j. id. towards naval services; 395, 438l. 15l. 4 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance; 511, 935l. 13l. 5 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for in 177*1 6, 013*081 /. 51. 11 d. 3 7. towards maintaining the land forces, Sec. of which 833, 914 /. 18l. 6d. for defraying the charges of 30, 346 eftefiive men, &c.j and 3113 invalids, for guards, C in Great Britain, Sec 1, 103, 118l. 11 /. for forces and garrisons in Africa,

See. 151, 913l. 1l. 6d, to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment of troops fenring in America 3 37, 106 /.

8l. 6d. 17. for general and general ftaffiomcers in Great Britan

17. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar

__________/ provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar,

for the year 1779; 367, 103l. 9l. tod. for 13, 471 troops ofhefie Cartel, C. 441l. 19l.9d. 17. for two regiments of Hanau, See.; 17, 498l d. 37 for a regiment of Waldeck, C 93, 947/* 15l. 8d. for 4, 300 Brunswickers, C 39, 644l. 14/ 3 d. for 1, 447 troops of Brandenbourg - Anfoach; 7, 958l. 10l. nd. 17. make good a deficiency for the troops of Brandebourg Anfpacbj 16, 630l. 11l.9d. 17. for infantry, See. of Anhalt Zerhft* 48, 668l. 3t. 9/ 17. for provisions for foreign troops Serving in America 17, 683l. 14l. for defraying the charge of artillery

for

40$ Anno decimo nono Georgii III. cs.

[1775.

or foreign troops, for 17794 610, 8*2l. 5l. for defrayis^ tfee charges the militia in South Britain, and three regiments of fcacibtlea ixnoofc Britain, fofr 1779 \ c. 760l. 17*. 1 d. for the defraying the charge of cloathing for militia in 6outh Britain, for 1779; $411l. as /. 6l. forde fraying the charge of additional companies to miima in Sooth &rfea*, so 177*, 2, 656l. 4l. for defraying the charge of doathing dor addmei companies of militia hi South Britain, for 177s; 259, 715l. 3*. 4j, hr augmentations of his Majesty's forces, for 1779; 87, 705l. t, d. totbc educed officers of the land forces and marines; 6x8l. t. 11l. to the two troops of horse guards reduced, dec.) 103, 317/ 14l. tt theo*t pensioners of Chelsea hospital; 195l.* ld for com pleating tie whole charge of the pay of one, regiment of light dragoons, and IX regiments of foot, serving in America, for 1779; 19, 584/t 1l. for a regiagot om enables to be raised in North Britain, for 1779; 6, 146l. ft. ft make good the charge of forming three regiments of light dragoons, cf 411 men each, C 4, 113l. 6j. 8d. for augmentation to a corps of ropl highland emigrants, trom May 25, to Dec 24, 1779; 2, 016.137l. 44 4l 2 q. for extraordinaries of land forces, from Jan. 31, rj^z, to Feb. 1. 1779; 1, 500, 000, for discharging exchequer bills of last session; 1,000, 000/ for paying off the exchequer bills of lait session*000l.- for paying of the other exchequer bills of last session*968l./. Id. to jnake good to his Majesty the like sum issued in pursuance of the addre&s of eke, house of commons; 3, 150l. for the civil establishment of the island of St. John; 2, 900l. for the civil establishment of Georgia 5 4, 796/ 10l. y. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 4, 930l. for the ortf. establishment of East Florida; 4, 900l. for the civil establishment of Wed Florida; 2, 041l. fs for defraying expenses attending survey a in Noah America; 6, 995l. 18l. 11/, on account of nep roads, dec. an the highlands of Scotland; 60, 527l. 3l. 6d. for the relief of American civil officer;, C 5, 000l. for assisting the Levant company; 5, 000l. to James Berjcenbout and Thomas Clark, for the di covery of their method of dying scarlet, Scc. 13, 586l. 17l. to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued to Duncan Campbell, for the expense of confining, Sec. convicts in the Thames. 40, 540l.9s. 4d. 2 q. to the sinking fund, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1778, Sec.; 98, 891 /, 3l. 8ot to make good the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities granted left session; (66, 744l. 4l. 3d 3q. to make good the deficiency of grants for thelerfice of the year 1778. The said aids to he applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observet} in the application of the half-pay. By a 18 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 90, 939l. 15l. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above fatufying said office, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed fyc. in the late wars, or tq officers widows and children as his Majesty shall diredh

CAP. LXXII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effefinal, the several laws new in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provisions relative to thi fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many advantages may arise fromfyrther reguk

tiens in the militia laws, be it therefore enacted by the king's rnoa excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

So much of That so much of an act, made in the eighteenth year of his pg are prc^cnt majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more iates to the'esse final the laws relating to the raising and training the mifm feiief to tfe yitbinr that part ojf Great Britain sailed, England y and to tfobujh

oertm

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 72.*407

certain regulations with respect to offiters serving in the corps of fen' pveji to the cible men dire bled to be roifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned,) as relates to the repealed,4 relies, to be given to the families of substitutes sewing in the militia,

Jbail be, 1 and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. And whereas the families of substitutes, hired men, orvolun HT^ teers, serving in the militia, when embodied and called out into actual jtitjtc* that service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parishes may become to which they belong; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, chargeable. That in case any substitute, whose family may so become char UP

geable, shall not serve for the parish where his family shall dwell, it pr6c r shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, who shall make any order for the relief of such family, at the same tyne to direct the overseers of the parish for which he shall serve, to reimburse the money so paid to the overseer or overseers who shall have advanced the same, in pursuance of the order before mentioned, if such pari (h shall be situated within the same county; and if such parish shall be situated in amy other county, the same justice shall cause the same to be reimbursed in manner herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, That no such allowance shall occasion Family of fub* such family to be removable or compelled to be sent to any nor to workhouse or poorhouse, nor shall such substitute be thereby de ^rkhousel*i prived of his legal settlement elsewhere, nor of his right or vote. nor be de 1 ing for the election of members to serve in parliament. prived of his

j IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, privilege of 1 That in case the substitute, whose family (Kail be relieved as ^otins*

; aforesaid, shall serve for any parish situate in another county, the moneys advanced by the overseers of the parish, township, or substitute be

where the family shall dwell, shall be repaid them out of come charge L the county stock by the treasurer of the county to which the able to his pa i parish, township, or place, shall belong, on producing a certificate

of the order of the justice allowing such relief, (which certificate rioi intdi* such justice is hereby required to grant accordingly;,) and the ferentcounty, treasurer who shall lo repay such overseer, shall transmit such tbcn b panto certificate, and also an account of all moneys so repaid by him relm;

y, r e. r '.. busied out Of

from time to time, quarterly to the treasurer of the county, nd the stock of ing, or place, in the militia whereof such substitute shall serve; the county for and the treasurer to whom the same shall have been so transmit which he ted, shall forthwith reimburse the same to the treasurer from serve, ' whom the said account was received; which account so received Accounts to and reimbursed, shall be laid before the justices of the peace at belaid before their next general or quarter session which shall be held for such county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof; and the border said justices (nail, and they are hereby required to allow the the overseers same accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the over of the parish seers of the poor of the parish, townftlip, or place, for which the

such substitute shall serve, to make good the same to the treasur to make er of the county, out of the poor rates of such parish, townftlip, good the same pr place; and all payments so made by such treasurer or trea to the county hirers, overseer or overseers, in pursuance of such order or or tr/ffurer ders of eh justice or justices, shall be allowed and passed in ^lc|c par

thirl

os Anno decimo nono Geoikhi till .& 7a. [ijj

their respective accounts hi bit manner as other cxpeflcts*. curred on account of the militia are by the militia laws now a being directed to be pa fled and allowed.

Proviso rclat V Provided always, That in all places having peculiar yxif ing topecu didtions, and not contributing to the county, such account fah tlao$urifiiic" mac*c *cr to treasurer, receives or other publick officer M, 'belonging to such peculiar jurisdiction, to be by him reimbursed,

accounted for, and allowed, in manner aforesaid.

captain lieu

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority. That hoi tenants to be and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to appointed. and for his Majesty's lieutenants of counties to appoint captain lieutenants to all regiments or battalions of militia to which such appointment hath not been already made; and that all cap

Theirrank. tain lieutenants shall rank with the officers of his Majtftjs

other forces of equal degree as youngest of their rank. Qualification

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatfcr lieutenants. le ^uturc Persons to be appointed captain lieu tenants, ftuii have the same qualifications as persons serving as capuins art required to have; provided that it shall not be necessary for aw person having acted as captain lieutenant before the firstdaj# July, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry nine to homaoj other qualification than as a lieutenant.

oirctrt who

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any officers; td^ualffy CD *cers owu have neglected or omitted to deliver in to

themselves or their several respective qualification or qualifications, agreeable

agreeable to to the directions of an act, made in the eighteenth year of his M milltia aft jefvy's reign, (entitled. An act to amend and render more efftfhd i^lhble to rtiding oath raising and training the militia within tin

the penalties Part f Great Britain tailed England; and te establish certain reg thereof; lotions with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencibk men i rested to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned) such officer or officers notwithstanding such omission or neglect, shall not be subject of liable to any of the penalties imposed by the said recited act; and all acts done by them in virtue of their respective commissions as officers in the militia are hereby declared to be valid tnd of full effect; thing in the said recited a to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided they

IX. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to prevail so qualify Vent such officer or officers, who shall neglect or omit to deliver or^tbr^thc1 nor t^ieir respective qualification or qualifications, on or be first of Dec. fore re hrft day of December next, according to the directionsoi

next. # the act of the eighteenth year of his present majesty's reign, ft

amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising eni training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part ej Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned; from being liable to the penalties imposed by the same (of such neglect or omission.

All militia of X And be it further enacted, That every officer novpboidiflg*

o or

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. yi. 409

or hereafter accepting a Commission as colonel, lieutenant colonel, ficers above major, or captain, in the militia, shall; on or before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or transmit to within six months after having accepted any such commission the clerk of in future, transmit to the clerk of the peace of the county in the the pea on mhitia hereof such officer shall serve, a true descriptiort of his tha

qualification for holding such commission as aforesaid, and also a ec

certificate of his having taken the oaths required; and the clerk or within six of the peace shall forthwith enter and inroll the same, and also months after shall transmit to the lieutenant of the said county, a true copy of every such list and certificate so entered as aforesaid; and the fions/a def. shall, (unless just cause be shewn to the contrary cription of within the famine time by this act limited,) on receipt thereof, their qualifi. give notice to th officer or officers who shall not have been cer cations C tified by the clerk of the peace to have entered his or their qua ^nant^to^r"

1 location, that he shall proceed to the appointment of other fit cecd'respesf^ 1 persons to serve in the militia, if proper persons duly qualified ingthofcofe*

1 shall offer themselves for such service, in the room of such officers who shall cers as shall, at the time or times abovementioned, have omitted neg, C j? de 1 so to deliver in the said lists and certificates respectively; and '

such lieutenant shall, and he is hereby required and directed to H declare, in the London Gazette, within six weeks, the commission of such officer to be vacant, and shall proceed to such appointment accordingly: And that, for the better ascertaining the Account to be, time of granting any such commissions, the said lieutenants shall, plied j from time to time, cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, onh/dates, the dates of the commission, and names and rank of the officers, of the new t together with the names of the officers in whose stead they are commissionv, so commissioned, in like manner as commissions in the army are C and the i published from the war office; and the said clerk or clerks of offi^erswhoni ( the peace shall, on or before the first day of December in every they succeed,

transmit to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of Clerk of the i state, in order that they may be laia before parliament, a true peacetotranf( copy of all entries to be made and enrolled, and also an account mit' annually,

of all returns so transmitted by him to the said lieutenants, to secretariesof

father with the dates of the said entries and returns; and every state, to be uth clerk of the peace being guilty of any neglect herein, shall laid before be liable to the same penalties as by the militia laws now in be parliament, a ing are imposed on clerks of the peace for any neglect of entnes made duty..*and returns

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or by him trans persons shall take and receive of and from any man ballotted to, mi to lbe serve in the said militia, or of and from any person employed by r.?

r r t e'r V 1 1 nailts, OCC.

him for that purpose, any him or sums of money for the pur penaityon pose of Serving as a substitute in the militia, in the room of such persons who ballotted man as aforesaid, and shall afterwards negle<sl to appear foal receive at the usual meeting appointed for swearing the militia man, or be jponcy to fore fofne one deputy lieutenant, in the manner and according Chutes and to the directions of an act, made in the second year of his pre shall neglect Sent majesty's reign, (entitled. An act to explain, amend, and reduce to appear to into one act of parliament the fiver al laws nourin being relating to

faiag*o.0s.

4*

Commanding officer of every company of militia to lay out! to the most advantage of each man under his command the guinea to which be it intituled, by act % Geo. 3. on receiving orders to march out of the county. Deputy lieutenants, C who have bal lotted and sworn in militia men before the time appointed by law, are hereby indemnify ted t and their proceedings declared valid,

Recital of a clause in militia aft i Geo. 3;

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 72.

[779.

the raising and training the militia within that part if Great Botta tailed England J such person or persons so negledung as afbrc&d, upon conviction thereof before any justice of the peaqe* or before any deputy lieutenants at their laid meeting, shall only return the sum so by him taken and received, but shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty Shillings to be pauitl & the ballotted man, or to the poor of the parish, at the difcsetfon of the justices or deputy lieutenants; and if such offender dull not immediately pay the sum so by him received, and the said penalty, he shall be committed to the house of correction&f the space of fourteen days. i.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the captain, or other commanding officer of company of militia, to lay out, in the manner most advantageous for the militia man under his command, the sum of one guinea, which, by the Paid recited act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, is directed to be paid foall militia men, when the regiment, battalion, or independemeoiii pany, to which they belong, is ordered to be embodied and march out of the county, and to every recruit who shall afterwards join the regiment, battalion, or company, giving an account within three months, or as soon as desired, to abe^dihifo man so entitled to receive the said sum of qne.guiaca, how feeb money has been expended.

XIII. And whereas the deputy lieutenants chief magiflrat4a*jmi justices of the peace in several counties, cities and places when the militia nave been raisei* have in same inflamel, proceeded to abrftjhy

lot, and to [wear in militia men and substitutos for fiech rajj^bbe counties cities and places previous to the times at whiak ikofame ought to have been done pursuant to the provisions cstuadned in the militia laws now in being; be it enacted by the authority^afonemd, That such proceedings of the said deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby declared valid, mad effectual, and the said deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and justices of the peace, are hereby respectively indemnified for such, their proceedings.*1  j

XIV. And whereas, by an act made in the second year of tbaraigu of his present Mjejiy* (entitled, An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that parr or Great Britain called England,) it is (amongst other things) enacted That in case any person shall be chosen by lot to serve in themilitm* for any parifl* tithing or place or parifles* tithings* or places and such person shall be sworn and enrolled or hall provide a fie ferfea to serve as his substitute* who shall be sworn and enrolled the churchwarden or overseer or churchwardens or overseers of such, parifl* tithing or place flail) within one month after the time yfndr/wearing or inrolling of the man so chosen by lotor of the subjtituu respectively pay to every such person so chosen by lot tf the regiment or.hat tali on in which he or his substitute flail serve shall be then.embaiiu* any such sum of money, not exceeding fyefounds^ ft. thru dfpntjatikr

tenants

C 72. 411

tenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one justice, or one deputy lieutenant and two justitts, in whose presence suck personjball be chosen by lot, ball adjuage tele, as near as may be, one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county or riding where such person shall be so thofen by lot: And whereas by an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act an*t o amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the rail cap $9* irtg and training the militia within that part of Great Britain call fed England and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers fervkigin the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein Mentioned, it is [amongst other things) enacted, That at any meeting for any county, city, or town, whose militia shall be at that time on actual service, it shall be lawful for any two or more; of the deputy lieutenants, of such county, city, or town, or for any ohi deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace of such county, to have and exercise all the powers conferred by the therein (and herein) recited act, with respect to the militia, on any three deputy lieutenants, or arty two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together any two justices Of the peace of any county at large; now, be it hereby enacted hf the authority aforesaid, That in case any churchwarden or everychurch tkcfftffer of any parish, tithing, or place, or parishes, tithings, or warden, C places, shall, after the passing of this act, rerufe or neglect to pay atto'any person chosen by lot as aforesaid, who shall have been ron*and enrolled, or who shall have provided a fit person to chosen by lot, ftrvc as his substitute, who shall have been sworn and enrolled, and (Worn, or within one month after such swearing and inrolling, such ^umt have^ovyed not exceeding five pounds, as two deputy lieutenants, or one fabenite*' deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace of fuel) county, such sum, not riding, city, or place, shall adjudge to be as near as may be one exceeding $/ half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county ha, J or riding Where such person shall be so chosen by lot, upon his deputy*lieu*producing to such churchwarden or overseer an order for that tenants, See. purpose, under the hands of two deputy lieutenants, or one de to be half the puty lieutenant and one justice of the peace of such county, ca"cnt price riding, city, or place, thl militia thereof then being embodied, fumee^tori* and in actual service; then such churchwarden or overseer, so producing a refuting or neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of fen pounds, to be proper order levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such forihatpur churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under the hand and seal of'.. any one justice of the peace of the county, riding, city, or place, 1 forfeit where such churchwarden or overseer shall dwell, rendering the overplus, (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to such churchwarden or overseer $ Application " one. half of which sum shall be paid to the person so chosen by thereo* lotos aforesaid, in lieu of the sum ordered to be paid to him as aforesaid, and the other half thereof to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, to be added to the common (lock.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, So much of Thafrfc much of an passed in the last session of parliament, the militia

intituled, a^of, aft

1 lemon as re

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

412 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 2.

[177$

htc* to the intituled An act to amend and render more effectual the lams rtbtmi

lieutenants to^ra*fi*z an twining the militia within that part of Great Bn

and ensigns tz'n called England; and to establish certain regulations tenth refftz

serving in the to officer sferving in the corps of fencible men directed to he raffedin she

militia, C part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other eorps there

repealed. tn ffumioned, as relates to the half-pay of lieutenants and ensigns

in the militia, and the oath therein directed to be taken bj

them, be, and the same is hereby repealed

person*intit

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, led to half pay Xhat no person who is entitled to half-pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such half-pay during the time he ibaji serve a lieu serve as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter matter, or surgeon, tenants, C in any regiment of militia, but that the same shall nevertheless In the militia, continue; and instead of tyre oath now appointed, such officer shall take the following oath:

Kew oath for j^j. do swear, That I had not, between the ceil" serving. place or employment of profit, civil r

in the militia, military, under his Majesty, besides my allowance of half pay, as a rt duced in late regiment of

[or allowance as in late tro*f

of horse guards, or regiment of horse reduced,]

Javc and except my pay as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter master, or [urge on > [as the case may be, ]for serving in a regiment j tnihtia.

And the taking of the said oath shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath \ anything in the said recited act, or any other law, ttatute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

half-pay not

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be forfeited Xhat no person who is entitled to half-pay shall be deemed or lieu ten an tf*taken to forfeit or quit such half-pay, during the time he shall C in the serve as a lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter matter, or surge fencible. on, in any regiment of fencible men, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the oath now appointed, such officer shall take the following oath:

bal toffi.r T fitaear^ That I had not, between the

cers serving in^any p^aci or employment of profit, civil or the fencibles. military, under his Majesty, besides my allowance of half pay, as a reduced in late regiment of

[or allowance as in late tree

of horse guards, or regiment of horse reduced,]

Jave and except my pay as a lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, quarter master, or surgeon, [as the case may be,] forferving in a regiment of fencible men.

And the taking of the said oath shall be sufficient to intitk such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 7a.

taking any other oath; anything in the said recited act, or any other law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sergeants on any person being a sergeant on the establishment of Chelsea Hof

pitaly at an allowance of twelve pence a day, and being appoint[" [" Hospital at ed to serve in any corps of fencible men, shall and may receive u. a day, the Uid allowance of twelve pence a day, together with hie pay being appoint from the said corps of fencible men; any law, usage, or custpm, for (ery* m to the contrary notwithstanding. &SS*

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the the said ai clerk or clerks of the subdivision meetings shall, after any fob lowance, to divihon meeting hath been appointed, give reasonable notice m set^er wl!11 writing, of the time and place appointed for the same, to Jhc fcncibles. every deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace who shall be re Thf^sident within the said subdivision; and also to the commanding clerksombb officer of the regiment, if on actual service, or, if not on actual division meet service, to the colonel thereof, an account of the days fixed for ings. receiving lifts, ballotting and (wearing in the men, of such subdivision; shall, as soon as the men are sworn in, likewise

transmit to the commanding officer or colonel as aforesaid, a list, specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode, of such men as are sworn, and, if substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode, of the principals in the room of whom they were sworn,

XX. And whereas, by an act made in the second year of the reign Recital ofpart of his present Majesty* entitled An a to explain, amend, and re f die militia duce into one aof parliament, the several laws now in being

relating to the ralfing and training the militia within that part subdivuion of Great Britain called England, it is enacted That in the several meetings. counties, ridings and places, where the militia has been or shall be raised four subdivision meetings shall on the last Tuesday in May, or on the last Tuesday in October, be appointed for the purposes of the said act; and several directions provisions, and penalties are contained in the said act, respecting the ballotting* inrolling and providing substitutes, and for other purposes to be done at such four subdivision meetings: and whereas subdivision meetings are likewise by the said act directed to be held, upon even days notice being giving for filling up vacancies in the militia, and for other purposes therein mentioned; but doubts have arisen whether the several powers pro viflons* and penalties in the said act contained can.ext end to enforce the m

orders made at any other subdivision meeting than at the four that may be appointed by the general meetings on the last Tuesday in May, or on the last Puefday in October; be it therefore enacted by the autho Fv, <: ry pfr^ofl rity aforesaid, That in all cases where ballots are directed to be f^to the taken by any of the laws relating to the militia, every person mlitialaw*, chosen pursuant to the said a<su, at any subdivision meeting at any fubdi thereby appointed, shall he enrolled, and every substitute provided shall subscribe hisconient to serve, and shall serve in the fak) enrolled? and militia for the space of three years, and shall be liable and fub every substi jc<$ to all the several directions, provisions, and penalties, in the tute subscrib*

said herein before recited act of the second of hi present Ma?18 conrcn* to

a,crvc fr lcliy three years

Recital of a clause in the militia a

St Geo. 3*

The same power given by that act to commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, Sec. respecting ballot ting four months previous to the expiration of the time of service, when the regiment, Sec shall be at a distance from home, are hereby continued, whether they are in or out of the county. Commanding officer impow ered to ditch arge so many of Ms men whole time of service is near expired, as there are ptherftal lotted as aforesaid to supply their places. If any person ballotted to*serve in the militia, shall not appear to be sworn in, nor find a substitute, nor pay 10 /. canno

decitoo nono Georgii III. c. 1779.

jesty contained, or in any other ad relating to the militia of this kingdom.

XXI. And whereas, by the said ab of the eighteenth year of bit present Majesty, power is given to the deputy lieutenants and jftftueiy upon certificate from the commanding officer of any regmentj battalion, or company, to ballot for other men to serve in the militia, where the time of any militiaman shall be within four months of its expiration, when the regiment shall be embodied, and at a distance from home: and whereas doubts have arisen how far the same pooooer extends when the regiment shall be embodied, and within the county; and it is highly expedient that the said clause Should bo explained and made clear, so that no future doubts may arise thereupon; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the lame and like powers, directions, and provisions, given by that act to (he commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, justices, and others, with respect to the ballotting for proper men to serve in the militia, in lieu of others, four months previous to the expiration of their time, when embodied, and at a distance from home, shall be and are hereby continued and given to the commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, justices, and others, to proceed to ballot for such other men, and to execute the powers necessary thereto, at any time within four months previous to the expiration, of their time, when the regiment, battalion, or company, shall be within the county, riding, or place, to which it belongs, or in any other county, riding, or place; and further, that the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, shall have power to discharge such number of men of his regiment, battalion, or company serving the rein, whose times of service are within the time of the expiration aforesaid, and to receive such other men, in lieu thereof, as shall be so ballotted, or enrolled and sworn in as ballotted men or substitutes, at any time within the term so allowed, whether the regiment shall be within the county, or absent from home in any other part of the kingdom; and the time of the service of such men so received, sworn in, and enrolled, shall commence at any time within the term allowed as aforesaid, or at the end thereof.

XXII. And whereas it frequently happens that perfims drawn, by bailot, to serve in the militia, negleb to appear, agreeable to the order j of the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, to be sworn in and I enrolled, or to find a substitute to serve in their stead, or to pay the sum of ten pounds, and such persons so negkbing have not sufficient effects whereon to levy the said sum by distress and sale, and by the laws now in being, in case they are apprehended for such failure or negleci, can only be pum/hed by three months imprisonment in the house of correction, which punishment is by no means adequate, when the militia in which they are drawn to serve are embodied; be it therefore enacted, for remedy thereof, That, from and after the passing of this act, whenever any person drawn, by bailot, to serve in any militia regiment or company, shall neglect to appear to be sworn in, or to find a substitute to serve in his stead, or to pay the sum of ten pounds, or shall not have sufficient effects whereon to levy

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. *; 415

the same by distress and tale, and be aawvwds apprehended by

warrant from any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, foe ftfch offence, instead of being punished by commihnent1 to the butflrallbd honfeof: corr*<9ton, as aforesaid, hi name shall beenrered on ateerward*ap* the.ixdls, and he shall be delivered over to some proper office preheoded,

of the regiment or company for which be was drawn, and be S name shall compelled to serve for the full term of three years front the rhyme ^ccr^c^n of his. apprebension, and be liable to the same punishmeats for shall be de afterwards absconding, deferring, or otherwise, as if he hadori^ livered to a ginally attended, and been duly sworn and enrolled proper officer,

XXIII. And whereas, by an act pajj'ed in the secondytar of bh Mujtftft reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce thrce years imo one act of parliament the several laws relating to the'ini* Deputy lieu julia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, certain tenants, See, prwers were granted t deputy lieutenants and justices to hold' fubdi* on receiving vision meetings, and to order fresh ballots for the purpose offilling, up ^nc0qf "Vacancies, in the cases therein mentioned, giving, seven days notice of ^fguiar such meetings \ and doubts have arisen to what cases or vacancies discharge of fmk powers extend; be it enacted, That the said deputy jieute j any mintia flints and justices shall, and they are hereby required, in all cases, mane are whdn a regular discharge of any militia man shall be producedccrinhis^ tp them, from any commanding officer, certifying the reason of cad.

Aujh discharge, and that such reason renders such militia man u^fit for service, to proceed to confirm the same, and also to, caufo the lists to be amended, and other persons to be chosen ta fill up such vacancies, in like manner as in and by the said recited act, or any other law now in force relating to the militia, i directed and provided.

XXIV. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen from ffr*

tain powers granted by an act, pojfedin the eighteenth year of his Ma, '

reign, intituled An act for defraying the charge of the pay if # \

and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy*eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cases therein mentioned; be it enacted, That so much of the said act as relates to thfe powers granted to deputy lieutenants and justices, and to colonels or commanders of regiments or battalions, to discharge militia men, and order frdh ballots, before the expiration of the term so^ which such militia men shall have been chckn by lot, and in rolled to serve, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXV. And whereas by the militia laws notv in being, it is enacted, Recital of pare That his Majesty's lieutenant for every county, riding, and place, to of form*r mi gether with any two deputy lieutenants, or in the Offence, removal

or deaths of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, anp"fq|, g Jballpfor several of the purpofts in the said act declared, appoint fub subdivision dmfions of the said deputy lieutenants, within their faspective coun of d*puty ties, ridings, and places, and shall issue out their orders to the chief lieutenant. toliable, and when there is no chief eonjlable, to some other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, within their respectiv* counties, ridings and places, to require by orders under Voi XXXII E e their

Got e

4*$ Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 72. [1775.

their hands tthtton/iabu* Uthingman, htadborough, or at for officer, sf parish, tithing, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes, iota, wapentakes, or other divtftous, to return to the deputy lieutenants, wnihit their respective subdivisions, at the place and on the day appointed at tbt aid sir ft general meeting, fair and true lists in writing of the names ef d the men usually, and at that time, dwelling within their respective purifies, tithing, and places, between the ages of eighteen and fosty fm, distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and for the it veral other purposes in the aida directed: and whereas, sir she deferent rapes in the county of Suflcx* there are no peace officers vrt can at officially as belonging to the Jdid rapes: and whereas the rcpc> in the said county are the most convenient dislrifls to be appointed a thefubdtvisions for the deputy lieutenants to execute the several pv pojes directed by the said acts, and do contain within their bound nes ftviral hundreds, to each of which there is a peace officer belting: and whereas the boroughs and tithings, over whub there an headboroughs, tithingmen, or other peace officers, are uncertain in tits boundaries, and often include parts of various parishes from whiz great inconveniences arise, both in ballot ting for the men to be draw: by lot for the fervid of the said militia, and dlfo in the payment si the money directed to be paid by the parishes to those who may be CL lotted to serve: and whereas it would be more expedient that tit halloaing for men to serve in the said militia for the county/suitex Should be by the divifm of parishes, to which division there are a Lord Heute Peace officers 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, nantotsuitex That, from and after the lad Tuesday in October next, his sod after the last Majesty's lieutenant, or on his death or removal, 6r on his ab jext^c^ober ^ence> any three or more deputy lieutenants of the county ct to sue onlers $U]F*> an may htue out his or their orders to the chki to the chief constable of the several hundreds in the rapes in the said couat? constable of where their subdivisions may have been or may be appointed, hundredsto directing such chief constables to issue their precepts to the ceputo rprc* churchwardens or overseers of the poor of each parish within churchwar their respective hundreds or other divisions, to return to the dens, See. to deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivisions, at the return to the piace anj on the days y them directed, fair and true lists intenants lifts" writing of the names of all the men usually dwelling withia of the names their respective parishes, between the ages of eighteen and forty of all men five, distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and dwelling in for such several other purposes as are directed to be done by the between^he* constables, tithingmen, headborough, or other officer, of each ages oli8 and parish, tithing, or place, within their respective hundreds or 45, kc. other divisions, in an act, made in the second year of his present Churchwar Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one fewt^ht* Parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raisii purposes of*and training the militia within that part of Great Britain udkl the militia. England and that the churchwardens and overseers of the laws, to be poor of the several parishes in the said county, to whom such dwraed the or(icrg shall be issued, shall, for the purposes of the several as parhbjke. parliament relating to the militia of this kingdom, be deemed

the officer of such parish, and shall be invented with all the

powers

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 73, 74. 417

powers and authorities, and be liable to the several pains penalties, and forfeitures, as the constable, tithingman, head borough, or other officer, of any parish, tithing, or place, art subject and liable to, for, or upon account of his refusing or negleaing to return such lists, as aforesaid, of being guilty of fraud or wilful partiality in making thereof, or not attending the orders issued by his Majesty's lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, or for the several other bffencea in the Said recited act or in the present act contained.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for V 000, 000 Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax alt of this leflion, concerning loans, The clauses, C in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, CC to be made in pursuance of this act. Principal and interest, with charges, to be paid ont of the next supplies, and if liifhcient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1780, then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank empowered to advance, on the said credit of loan, any sum not exceeding 1,000, 000l.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the punishment of felons, and other offenders,

by transportation to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, is attended with many difficulties: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[When any

That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, when any person, at any of^son con "of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter e^ndor or other general session of the peace, to be held for any Wales, of any county, riding, liberty, division, city, corporation, or place, crime punish within that part of Great Britain called England, or at any great abe by trans session to be held for the county palatine ofchester, or within [?

the principality of Wales, shall be lawfully convicted of any court may or grand or petty larceny, or any other crime, for which he or der him to be lhe is or shall be liable by law to be transported to any of his transported to majesty's colonies or plantations in America, os if any person oicfthe^convicted of such crime hath already been ordered to be (6 trans either in Ame^ ported, but such order hath not yet been executed, it shall and rica, or else may be lawful for the court before which any such fier(3h hath where, been or shall be so convicted, or any court held for the same place with like authority, if such court shall think fit, to order and adjudge that such person shall be transported to any parts

4*8

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0, 74.

[177

beyond the seas, whether the Time be fitugted in Aamcay or elsewhere, in such and the like manner, and for tiny term of years not exceeding such and the same term as and for which such person is or shall be liable to be trajisported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America aforesaid j any hw, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

When any

II. And be it further enacted, That when any such person, cdv, ^d^f3^iwh hath already been, or shall hereafter he so convicted, ftxall, tramportation ir consequence thereof, be ordered to be traolported to anj as aforesaid, parts beyond the seas, oris his Majesty, his heirs and successon, or any offend shall hereafter be graciou % pleased to extend the royal mercy Y c11luded rt any oflfender convicted or attainted of any felony by which clergy, shall "h or^18 excluded from the benefit of clergy, or of such receive hit Statutes as are equivalent thereunto, upon the condition of majesty's par ..transportation to any parts beyond the seas as aforesaid, thenacd

don on condi in any such cafcs a|j laws, Statutes, usages, and customs now Ln force, with regard to the transportation of criminals to any cf

u: o ik

aforesaid, all laws relating to tran (porta tien of criminals to Ame

offenders first mentioned.

his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and the: punishment for being afterwards at large, within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, before the expiration of the several terms for which they were ordered to be transported, or hd tica, and their agreed to transport themselves, and particularly the fever! proreturning be visions contained in an act, made in the fourth year of King fore the expi George the First, intituled An act for the further preventing robber), term?shall bt ^ur^af7i an ot^r fdonut; and for the more effectual transportatiz in force with of felons and unlawful exporters of wool; and/or declaring the late respect to the < upon some points relating to pirates; and in one other affr, made in the sixth year of King George the First, intituled An a sir the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies; and for the more effectual transportation of felons \ and in one other a!, puck in the fifteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy and effectual tonviction of offenders found at Iprge within the kingdom of Great Britain, after ihq have been ordered for transportation \ in one other a CL made in the eighth year of his present majesty, intituled An act for the more speedy and effectual transportat'unaf offenders; shall take place, be in force, and inure, with regard to the transportation of all such offenders as aforesaid, to any part or parts beyond (be Teas, and with regard to their punishmept for being afterwards at large in this kingdom before the expiration of their respective terms, in like manner as if the same had been repeated and specially inserted in this act.

III. And whereas the punishment of burning in the handy when any person is convicted of Jelouy within the benefit f tiergy % is often disregardedy and imfieftaal\i and same times may fix a lajling mark of'which he shall difgraee and infamy on offenderwho might otherwise become good be liable to be j^jeftsy and profitable man ben of the commonwealth; be it there hand, 'the*That, from and after the passing of this af, when court*may, any person shall, in any of the courts before mentioned, be law instead there fully convicted of any felony within the benefit of clergy, for of, impose on which be or (he is liable by lw tq be burned Qr marked in the

brawn

When any person is convicted of any felony for

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. *4. 419'

fcraton of thfe left thumb, ft Ihitf may be lawful for the him a mode ourt before which any perfbtt shall be so convnsted, or anvratefinci court held for the same phce With the fike authority, if such court shall think fit, instead of such burning or marking, to im jose upon such offender such a moderate pecuniary tine as to the court in its discretion shall seem meet i or otherwise it shall w him be lawful, instead of such burning or marking, in arty of the to be whipped. ases aforesaid, except in the case of manslaughter, to order and adjudge that such offender shall he btree, or oftener, but net more than three times, either publicly or privately whipped, such private whipping to be inflicted in the prtfence of not less than two persons, besides the offender and the officer who in fli&s the same; and in case of female offenders, in the prefertce of females only; and such fine or whipping, so imposed or inflicted, instead of such burning or marking, shall have the like effedh and consequences to the party on whom the same, or either of them, shall be so imposed or indicted, with respect to any discharge from the same, or other felonies, or any reftitu tion to his or her estates, capacities, and credits, as if northeast or (he had been burned or marked a aforesaid. T

IV. Provided always, and be it further enjhsed, That no This a not thing in this act contained shall abridge or deprive any of the to abridge said courts of the powers now verted in them by law of detain fdcl ing and keeping in prison, for any time not exceeding one year, courts of im or of committing to the house of correction, or public work priftming of house, to be kept to hard labour for any time not less than six feeders, months, or exceeding two years, any such offender as aforesaid; that such offender may, if such court shall think fif,

after such burning or marking, or after such whipping or fine, as shall by virtue of tills present act be inflicted or imposed ' instead thereof, be so detained or committed, and with such accumulated punishtnern, in case of escape from such house of correction or Workhouse, as if this a had never been made.

V. And Whereas, if Marty offenders, C on V idled of crimes for which His Majesty

transportation hath been Usually in fitted, wire ordered to solitarymp.wered t<y

imprtfonment, accompanied by well regulated labonr, and religiont fy^'vifors

biftrutlion, it might be the means, under providence, not only of de who are to fix

terring others from the commijfton of the like crimes, but nlfo of re upon a piece,

forming the individuals, and inuring them to habits of tndujlry; be r grund,

it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

3 - thereon two

for his Majesty, in his privy council, to Appoint three persons tofabttantial be supervisors of the buildings to be erected in pursuance of this edifices, to be ad, and from time to time to remove them, or any of them, ca, led peni and appoint others in the place of such as shall be so removed, for

or shall die, or resign their trust; the said supervisors, confining and any two of them, shall, as loon as conveniently maybe, six employing upon any common, heath, or waste, or any other piece or pieces convicts. at ground, which may be lawfully purchased under the powers of this aeft, and which shall be situated within any northeast of thw coupties of Middlesex, Effix, Kent, or Surry, upon which they, /

qj any two of them, shall erect, orcaufc to be created, two

io Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. [1779.

plain, ftnong, and substantial edifices or houses, which shall be called Thi pmutotiary Heufts % for the purpose of confining and employing in bard labour, in one of the said houses, such male convi#s, and in the other, such female convi#s, as, in pursuance of the powers herein after contained, shall be ordered to altbt nd. imprisonment and hard labour: provided always, That in six specnl^rtgu^ ing upon such piece or pieces of ground as aforesaid - to be hadto shall be especially had to healthiness and the accommodation of healthiness water, avoiding, as far as possible, any place where other build

daecon, j^gg^or my crc^cd contiguous to, or within a fault dit

Vrnr tance from the outward fence or enclosure of such houses, ora* situation within any populous town: provided also, That the

ache a*and other circumstances of such piece or pieces of

proved of by ground shall be reported to and approved of by the lord chan the lord chan cell or, the speaker of the house of commons, the justie'es of the cdloi, the courts of king's bench and common pleas, the barons of the judge^and cof court exchequer, and the lord mayor of Lmkn, lord mayor, for the time being respectively, or by any eight or more of them, before the same shall be finally fixed upon, or any purchat made of the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when such piece or pieces After such of ground shall be fixed upon, with such approbation as aforesaid,

approbation, the fey fopervifors, or any two of them, shall, as soon as may be, contra for the absolute jpurchase, in fee simple, of the the ground, fd piece or pieces of ground, for the purpose of erecting the re which shall be on such penitentiary houses, and other buildings and enclosures, conveyed to in such manner as herein is directed; which ground so to be assize of the Purcfia^ shall be conveyed to the clerk of assize of the home home circuit circuit for the time being, and to his successors for ever; and for the time the said clerk of assize for the time being is hereby made and being. declared to be a corporation foie, for the special purpose of being

capable to take and hold, in perpetual succession, the said piece or pieces of ground for the uses and purposes of this avii.

And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be fncapacitated kwful for all corporations aggregate or foie, ecclesiastical, civil, persons im or eleemosynary, husbands, guardians, committees, executors, powered to sell administrators, and all trustees whatsoever, not only on behalf the curbofcf0r themselves hut also on behalf of their cestuique trims, whether of*hba#.cg infants or issue unborn, lunatic, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons under any disability whatsoever, and also for all other persons who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any piece or pieces of ground on which the said penitentiary houses, or either of them, shall be appointed to be erected, to contra or agree for, fell, convey, and ashire such piece or pieces of ground unto such clerk of assize for the time being; and all such contracts, agreements, 'Tales, conveyances, and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding $ all corporation! and persons so agreeing or conveying, are hereby indemnified jor what they shall respectively do by virtue of this a;

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 421

VIII. And be it further enacted that ah fumv of money Sum paid for which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation husbands, execotors, administrators, guardians, committee, or other trot u?d out tees whatsoever, for or on behalf of any infanta, lunatics, idiots? in the pur femes covert, or other ttftwnue trusts, or to any other perfect or chase of lands persons whose lands shall be limited in ftri# settlement, for the habjeft to the purchase of any such piece or pieces of ground as aforesaid, (halt, rn case such sums of money shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, be laid out by such corporations, husbands, executors, administrators, guardians, commitees, or other trustees, or any person or persons seized of land so limited in ftri# fertiement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee simple, to be conveyed to, or to the use of, such corporations, husbands, executors, admtni strators, guardians, committees, or other trustees, and to apd for such other person or persons, and for such estate and eftatps, and to, for, upon, and subject to, such uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands or grounds for or in respect whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid,

shall be limited, settled, and allured, at the time such purchase or contra shall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as shall be then capable of taking esse, the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the expence of building on such ground; and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases shall be made, such money, pu^hase &sll Whether the same shall or shall not exceed the sum 6f one be made, to be hundred pounds, be laid out by such corporations, or other placed out on persons for the time being interested therein, in some govern gotrtrnment ment securities, in the names of two persons, one to be nomiccu*, tt itated by the party or parties for the time being interested therein, and the other by the supervisors aforesaid; the interest arising from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of such piece or pieces of ground, in case the same had not been sold, or would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such corporations. If owners*husbands, guardians, committees, executors, administrators, or to tret other trustees, or any person or persons for the time being inte the^ric^of rested in any such piece or pieces of ground as aforesaid, upon fcrrid by the notice to him, her, or them given, or left in writing at the house supervisor*, or houses, or other place or places of abode, of such person or tjj* vhf persons, or of the principal officer or officers of any such corpo b^f^rtained ration, shall, for the space of twenty one days next after such by a jury, notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall refuse to accept such price as shall be offered by the said supervisors, or their agent, or shall otherwise not agree for the sale of such piece or pieces of ground, or if, by reason of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and in every such case, the said/supervisors* or any two of them,

E C 4 hall

'n

Witnesse* may be examined oa oath.

Supervisor to order such sum to be paid as shall be ascertained by the jury.

*rerdit of the jury, and order thereupon, to be recorded, and 'final.

How the jury shall be sum ihoned.

Juror? may be

challenged.

Supervisor

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74^. f 1779.

(bull 0<uife the v&lue of such ground to be inquired into and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding liberty, division, city, corporation, or place, wherein the fine shall be situs^ed; and to that epd shall Summon and call before such jury, and examine upon path, (which oath any one or more of such supervisors is and are hereby empowered to adau nifter,) any person or persons whomsoever, and such superri fors, or any of them, shall by ordering a view, or otherwise, use all ways and means for the information of thprofelwes, and of fuel jury, in the premises; and when such jury flail have inquired of and ascertained the value of such ground, the Said supervisors shall thereupon order that the sum. or Sums of money which hall so appear to be the value of such ground, shall be paid and applied in such manner as is herein before dire^ed touching the money to be paid for ground, for 6k whereof the person or persons interested shall contwkft and agree in manner aforesaid; verdictt or inquisition, and order, shall be filed on record by the clerk of the peace of the d county, riding, liberty, division, city, corporation, or place, and shall be final and condusive, to all intents and purposes what faever, against all parties and persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in podefiion, remainder, reversion, or otherwise, their heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, /emes emn, lunatics, idiot?, and persons under any disability what foe ver, corporations, husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, executors, administrators, or any other person or persons whomsoever.

X. And, for summoning and returning such juries, be it further enacted, That such supervisors, or any two of them, may issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or bailiff of any particular county, riding, liberty, division, city, corpora lion, or place, within the limits of which the Said grouod shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty-four persons, qualified to Serve upon juries, to appear before the Said supervisors, or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and such (her iff or bailiff is and are hereby required to impannd, summon, and return, such number of jgpfons accordingly; and out of the persons In sum maned, im* pannclied, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such funupons, the said supervisors, or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by bailot, and to swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve mett, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; in default of a Sufficient number of jury men so returned, the said sheriff or bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent men of the bystanders, or that can speediiy be procured to attend that service, to make up the number of twelve; and all persons concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said supervisors, or any two of them, shall have ppwer, from time to time, to impose a fine or fines upon such sheriff or bailiff, pr his deputy

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4.* 423

or deputies, making def*ultin the premies, and on any of the may impose a persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and neon who shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to befworn on tbfc'dtfauit., Dg laid jury, or being (worn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give, a ' verdwrt, or shall in any other manner wilfully negkdt his or their duty therein; and also onany persons who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the find jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to besworn, or to give evidence; so that no such fine be more than ten pounds, nor leis than twenty Shillings, on anyone personfor one offence.

XL. And be it further ena&ea. That in case any jury shall Expense of give io and deliver a vcrdid for more money, as the value of jury and wit such ground (b to be purchased, than what shall have been ne '*offered for the purchase thereof, by the said supervisors or their 0 agent, to any person capable of contracting for the same, the' V costs and expenses of summoning and maintaining the jury nd witnesses shall be born and paid out of the same fund as the expence of the buildings to be erected thereon; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no more, or for less money than the money which shall have been so offered by such supervisors, or their agents, then the cods and expenses of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be born and paid by the person or persons with whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of such grounds, shall arise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the On payment money so ordered to be paid for the purchase of such grounds or tender of and premises, or, upon refusal or inability to receive the same, cv leaving the same in the hands of the clerk of the peace of the forv may take county where such penitentiary houses are to be built, for the possession of use of the persons or parties entitled thereto, rt shall be lawful the premises. for the said supervisors, or any two of them, their workmen or

agents, to enter upon and take possession of such grounds and premises, for the uses and purposes of this act, and thereupon all such persons and parties shall be diverted of all right and title to such grounds and premises.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Limitation of nothing in this act contained shall extend to compel the sale of ^0^0 any ground, with a house or other building, bonafidi intended eis otground for the purposes of habitation, upon it; or of any park, pad to (ell. dock, orchard, or other ground, enclosed for the immediate convenience of any house, or of the offices belonging thereto;

or any ground improved as pleasure ground, or planted with wood; or any enclosed ground immediately adjoining to any house, park, paddock, garden, orchard, yard, or pleasure ground, and occupied therewith 5 or any ground between any house and any paik, paddock, yard, offices, garden, orchard, or pleasure ground, belonging to such house, and occupied therewith.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the fadd supervisors, or Superiors to any two of them, shall contract with proper persons for erect ^ereaion ing such penitentiary houses, together with the several buildings of the houses,

a and C

4?4 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4.

and enclosures thereunto belonging, send shall fiiperinttndihc credion of such houses and buildings, and the duo performance of such contracts as shall be entered into touching' the Emit; One of which and the said penitentiary houses shall be made sufficiently br*e shall be large to contain, the one of them six hundred male convids, and the co^ain 6 ql^er them three hundred female convids; and eachoffoch males'and the houses, or the buildings and enclosure thereunto belonging, other fe contain proper storehoufies, warehouses, veorkhousesy and males; with lodging rooms, an infirmary, a chapel and burying ground; a proper store prison divided into dark but airy dungeons, a kitchen garden, u C and also proper airing grounds, yards, offices, and other nfccef fery apartments for the several officers and servants herein after

A plan of the directed to be appointed: provided always, That before mr boimings, and such contra ds shall be made or entered into by the said fiijfef the^e^pence the pan ch houses and buildings, with the estimat&

to be approved expense of erecting the same, shall be said before, and

f by the lord approved of by, the same persons to whom the approbation of chancellor, the.^piece or pieces of ground whereon the same are intended to C be creed is herein before referred, or by any eight or mbreof

Ex ence* of t*kin: 'Provided amo, That the expenses of purchasing the ^rdtafmgthe ground, of erecting the fid buildings, and of making a proper ground, and compensation to the said supervisors for their trouble and chuges, erecting the being previously examined and settled, from time to time, by tobede^ra^ed f the peace of the county or place wherein such

by warrants groun^ shall be situated, at their quaner or other general fd from the trea fion, and approved and allowed by the justices of affixe, at their tury* then next subsequent affixes, or, if in Middlesex, by the justices of the court of king's Bench, shall from time to time be defrayed by warrants from the Commissioners of his Majesty's treafery, or the high treasurer for the time being, and shall be provided for in the manner herein after mentioned.

His Majesty

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe >mpowered to lawful for his Majesty in his privy council to nominate tnd

committee of ^pp0101 ^rce gentlemen, or other creditable and fbbftantialper commi ee ot a and for a committee to superintend the said houses, and from time to time to remove all or any of the persons compofin* the committee, and appoint othprs in their dead, or in the'seat) of such as shall die or resign; which persons so composing the said committee, shall be entitled to such allowance per dim for their trouble and expenses, in every day's actual attendance on the duties of their ctfice, as the said justices of the peace, ar their quarter or other general session, with the approbation and allowance of the justices of assize, at their then next subsequent assizes, or, if in Middlesex, by the justices of his Majesty1* court of King's Bench, shall from time to time order and direct; Committee to ark le committee, or any two of them, shall and mayap appoint a point a clerk, to continue during their pleasure, with such fa

clerk, who jary as they shall judge to be reasonable; which clerk shall keep

shall minute rcgo]ar minutes of the proceedings of the said committee; and the said committee, or any two of them, are also hereby authorised and required xo appoint dated meetings, giving two days

notice

three persons, to fopenn tend the said boutes.

their proceedings.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. 425

potice hereof, and from time to time to adjourn the same, aijd at such dated and adjourned meetings, and not otherwise, nor in any less number, to carry this act into execution; and at every such meeting the chairman of such committee shall not only have a single voice or vote, but, in case of equality' of pumbers, a decisive or casting vote.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said peni Committee to tentiary houses shall be erected, and so fitted upas to be ready oftcers, or nearly ready for the reception of the offenders herein afrer and provide directed to be sent thereto, the committee shall elect such officers ^p*oyingr us are herein after directed, and shall make provision for dock offenders and materials for the use and employment of the offenders to be confined in the said penitentiary houses; and also shall make and to make orders for the regulation of the said houses, and of such offend orders of re <rs, in such cases as are not by this act particularly provided gulation, for; which orders of regulation, being approved of by the said

justices of the peace, at their quarter or other general sessions, thcjustices/ and confirmed and allowed by the justices of assize at their then C before next subsequent assizes, or, if in miadle[ex % by the judices oft!, ey.ire car the court of King's Bentby shall be carried into execution; and the said committee shall, in like manner, from time to time, as often as they shall think ne^eflary, make any other orders of regulation, as well for repeal of such orders before made, as by yiay of addition thereto, which? before they are carried into execution, shall also be approved of, confirmed, and allowed by the judices aforesaid --

And be it further enacted, That for the regulation Enumeration and management of each of such penitentiary houses, and pre officers to viously to the opening thereof for the reception of offenders,

there shall be elected and appointed by the said committee, a mittee 1*" governor, a chaplain, a surgeon or apothecary, a dorekeeper, and a task matter; and also, in the house set apart for female convicts, a matron; and in each of them, such other officers as the said committee, with such approbation, confirmation, and allowance, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary; such officers shall from time to time be removable by any order of the said committee; and when any vacancy shall happen, new officers shall be elected by the same authority; and such salaries and who shall at other allowances shall be made to the said officers, with such ap ]0w them probation, confirmation and allowance, as aforesaid, and also lanes, such of them from whom the said committee may deem it proper to require security for the due and faithful execution of their offices, shall give such security accordingly, as the said committee from time to time shall direct.

XVIII. Provided always, That the salaries of the respective Salaries of governors and task matters shall totally, if possible, or at least governors and in great measure, arise from the profits of the work that shall be

done and performed in each several penitentiary house; and the much as said committee is hereby required, with such approbation, on possible from firmation, and allowance, as aforesaid, so to order and appoint the profits of such salaries, that the same may bear a constant proportion to

Committee may, with such approbation as aforesaid, vary the number of officers.

The governor of each house to be a body corporate, and accountable for the conduct of his fcmmts.

Governor im powered to contra for clothing, diet, C necessary for the offenders, with the approbation of the committee.

Accounts relating to the maintenance of each house, C to be entered in a book.

Doty of the ttore keeper and talk matter.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.

the quantity of labour performed in each several house, and that it may become the interest, as well as duty, of each governor and task sharer to see that all persons under his and their custody and diredhon be regularly and profitably employed.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said committee, from time to time, with such approbation, confirmation, and allowance as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontinue, or vary, the number of officers to be appointed for any such house in pursuance of the directions aforesaid, except by taking away or discontirtuifag any of the offices of governor, matron, chaplain, and forgeon or apothecary to the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the governor of every such penitentiary house shall be a body corporate, and shall sue and be sued, by the name of the governor of the penitentiary beafe fvr inales (or Jot females, as the case shall require,) in the parish i or place wherein it shall happen to be situated: shall from time to time employ such servants, overseers, and assistants, as he shall think proper and necessary, and for whose conduct he shall be answerable; provided that the said governor do employ no other but males, in the houses set apart for male convidb, and females, where the work can be performed by females, in such as shall be set apart for female convicts,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said governor shall also have power to make contracts with any persons whomsoever, for the clothing, diet, and all other necessaries for the maintenance and support of the offenders confined in such house, for implements or materials of any kind of manufacture, trade, or mvflery, in which offenders confined in such house shall be employed, such contracts being previously approved by the committee, and also to carry on such manufacture and myfiery in such house, and to sell such goods, wares, and merchandise, as shall be there wrought and manufactured; and the governor of every such penitentiary house shall cause all accounts touching the maintenance of such house, and the offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; and also the governor and storekeeper shall each keep separate accounts of all such Rock and materials as shall be brought into such house for employing such offenders; and such flock and materials shall from time to time be delivered out by the said Rorckeeper, as occasion shall require, to the task master, who shall give receipts to such Rorekeeper for the same, and shall distribute the same arnongr the several offenders to be employed in working thereon; and such task sharer, or his assistants, shall conrantly superintend the work of the said offenders, and take an account of every neglect of work, or other mi(bc haviour, and likewise of any extraordinary diligence or good behaviour in any of such offenders, and from time to time shall report the same to the governor, who shall cause the same to be entered ina book to be kept for that purpose 5 and such task sharer shall also l^eep accounts of the quantities daily worked

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 4*7

by the several offenders, and shall return the materials, when 'wrought and manufactured, to the storek&eper; who shall give receipts to the (askmaster for the faipe, and shall from time to time, with the privity and approbation of the governor, sell and dispose thereof, and pay the money arising from such sales to the governor, who shall be accountable for the same to the committee, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said governor and storekeeper shall keep separate accounts of the materials To wrought, manufactured, sold, and disposed of, and the several sums of money for which the same shall be so sold, and when sold, and to whom, in books to be provided for those purposes.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several books The books to so to be kept by the said governor and storekeeper, and the fe be kept by the veral entries therein, shall be examined by the said com governor and mittee, and shall be by them compared with the several receipts ^fbe^wca 'and other vouchers, and shall be verified by such governor and mined by the storekeeper, upon oath, if required, before such committee, and committee shall, approved of by such committee, be allowed, and signed by any two of them, and if such committee shall disapprove of any articles in such accounts, they shall disallow the same.

A XIII And be it further enacted, That if the said committee who.onfaf shall suspea any fraudulent or improper charges in any of such accounts of the said governor or storekeeper, or any omission there chw^&c. out, they may, examine upon oath the said governor, storekeeper, may einimioe or any of the bfficers or servants belonging to such house, or any of upon oath the persons employed about the same, or any persons of whom any any P rieceflaries, stock, materials, or other things, have been purchased Jh" for the use of such house, or any persons to whom any stock or materials,wrought or manufactured therein, have been sold, or any of the Offenders confined in such penitentiary house, or any other persons, touching any of the articles contained in such accounts, or any omission thereout; and in case there shall appear any and in any such accounts any false entry, knowingly or wilfully made,

'or any fraudulent omission thereout, or any other fraud whatso the committee ever, or any collusion between any officer or officers, or fer may dimifa vants, belonging to such house, or between any such officer or the offender, officers servant or servants, and any other person or persons, then, besides the private satisfaction in damages which the parties or party injured may be entitled to recover by law, the said committee may dismiss any such officer or officers, who shall to them appear to have been guilty of any such false entry, omission, fraud, or collusion, and appoint another, or others, in his, her, or their stead; if the said committee shall see sir, and may pre "they shall cause an indictment or indictments to be preferred fer an irniidt against the officer or officers, servant or servants, so offending, at the next quarter or other general session of the peace to be next quarter held for the county, riding, liberty, division, city, corporation, feifioiu. or place, wherein such penitentiary house shall be situated, or for any other'adjoining county; and in case such person or persons so ihdifled shall be found guilty of such offence or often

' V ces,

o '

428 Anno decimo bono Georgii III. c. 74. tl77

ccs, he, she, or they shall be punished by fine and impriibcuneat, or either of them, at the discretion of the court.

Committee to

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when the pemteo certify to the tiary hdufes herein befgre directed to be built, shall be feted kuig'sbench an completed for the reception of offenders, and proper officers when the pc shall be appointed for the care and management thereof, the imentiary said committee shall certify, under their hands and seals, to the houses are justices of the court of King's Bencby that such housesare (b fitted caption of of an completed, and that such officers have been appointed; and fenders i after the making of such certificate, where any person (hah, at after which, a any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to be hom limited numen for the county of the city of London, or the county of ard' berofoersons diesex, or during the assizes for any other county within that an" feffiem of Part Great Britain called England, or at any great session to be oyer and ter held for the county paiatine of Chester, or within the prind jniner, C in pality of Wales, be lawfully convitf ed of grand or petty lai'ceny, England or or any other crime for which he or she shall be liable by law, Wales, of any either under this Statute or any other Statute now in force, or able by trans hereafter to be made, to be transported to any parts beyond the port at ion, seas, it shall be lawful for the court before which any such per mavbefentto son shall be so convicted, or any court held for the same place Chhfinrd hke authority, if such court shall think fit, in the place of

m uenhoues. punishment by transportation, to order and adjudge that

Th rr a person he punished, by being imprisoned and kept to

terms of conc arc ^hl, r m one f such penitentiary houses, for any term not finement.*exceeding two years, in case of petty larceny; and for any term, if such offender be a male, not less than one year, or if such offender be a female, not less than six months, nor exceeding, in either case, five years, if he or she is liable by law, on account of any other crime, to be transported for seven years; and for any term not less than two years, nor exceeding seven years, in cale any such offender is liable by law to be transported for fourteen years.

Limitation of

XXV. Provided always, That during the continuance of this the number of at, not more than two offenders shall be sent to such peniten ffenders to tiary houses, from all the great sessions to be held within any each of the one our circujts of Chester or Wales either in fining or

Welsh cir summer; nor shall more than four offenders be sent from any

cults, and one session of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held

from each for the city of London, nor more than nine offenders from any

circuit re 0I7e ln yer anc terminer, and gaol delivery, to be

fpcttivdy." held for the county of Middlesex; that not more offenders

than is herein after specified shall be sent from all the sessions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held within each of the several spring circuits, and not more than the like number from all the said sessions within each of the summer circuits of England; that is to say, from all the said sessions within each of the two annual northern circuits, eight; within each of the two annual midland circuits, ten; within each of the two annual Norfolk circuits, ten; within each of the two annual Oxford circuits, twelve; within each of the two annual western circuits.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 419

cuits, twelvei and within ach of the two annual home circuits, sixteen offenders.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the tfnth certifi njean time, and until such certificate, shall be made as aforesaid, cat shall be it (hjdl be lawful for the court in which any such offenders as ^a^hvcourt aforesaid shall be convidecj, or any other court held for the same in which such place, and with like authority, to order and adjudge such offen offenders (halt ders, not exceeding the numbers herein before respectively LI be convia<d, spited, to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour, for the several above

terms aforesaid, in the respective houses of correction, or other specified to proper places, within each respective county; which houses of hard labour correction, or other proper places, shall, during such time, be 10 the hvfe deemed and esteemed to be penitentiary houses, to all intents and purposes, within the meaning of this act, except only with county; regard to the appointment of ofheers and servants, and other interior regulations of such houses, directed by this act; and when such certificate shall be made as aforesaid, the offenders all of whom then imprisoned in such houses of correction, or other places, b.c. trans by virtue of this act, shall be transferred tq such new erected l^tentiary* penitentiary houses, for the residue of the several terms during houses as soon which they were ordered and adjudged to be imprisoned; and as they are the justice of the peace for every county, at their several quar r^hciy fr ter (efliojjs to be held next after the feast of Saint Thomas the rec*p' # &jjityr % 11} the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and" seventy nine, or at any adjournment of the same sessions, are hereby required to give directions for the temporary rccep*tien, yi*afe custody, employment, and due regulation of such offenders, the expenses of which, being previously examined and allowed by the justices at their quarter sessions, shall be paid by the treasurer of each respective county, who shall be allowed the same In his accounts.

xxvll. Andy for the more severe and effectual punishment of Any male atrocious and daring offenders, be it further enacted, Thar, from convicted, in and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and England or seventy nine, where any male person, at any session of oyer and ^'(cxccpt terminer, or gaol delivery, to be held for the county of the pelty hree city.of London, or for any other county within that part of Great ny)punish briiain called England, or for the royal franchise of Ely, or at any aby trans great session to be held for the county palatine of Chester, or within the principality of Waiesy shall be lawfully convicted of competent grand larceny, or any other crime, except petty larceny for which age and bo he shall be liable by law to be transported to any parrs beyond dilv ttrength, the seas, it shall and may be lawful for the court before whom hares labour any such person shall be so convicted, or any court held for in cie*nfing the same place with like authority if such court shall think fit, the Thame*, in the place of such ^uuishment by transportation, to order and c fr any adjudge that such person, appearing to be of competent age, and an one year free from any bodily infirmity, shall he punished by being kept no^more than on board ships or vessels properly accommodated for the fecu seven years, rity, employment, and health of the persons to be confined i therein.

43p

Tn case hi Majestylhotild extend hi mercy to any person convicted of any felony pu niftiable by death, the judge shall order the offender to be kept to hard labour in a penitentiary house, or on the Thames, C for the time specified by the secretary of date.

Anno decimo nolo geoucii HI. C 74- [1779.

'therein, and by being employed m hard labour id the raising sand, soil, and gravel from, and derating, the river Thames, or any other river navigable for ships of burden, or any pon, harbour, or haven, within that part of Great Britain called England, such river, pon, harbour, or haven, being previously approved and appointed for that purpose by order of his Majestt in his privy council, or in any other fenrice for the benefit of the navigation of the said rivers, pons, harbours, or havens, or in any other public works upon the banks or Qiores of the same, under the management and dtre&ion of such Riperintenant or superintendants as hath been or shall be appointed, for the river Thames, by the justices of the peaoe for the county of Middlesex and for other rivers, ports, harbours, or havens, by the justice of the peace for the counties wherein such rivers, ports, harbours, or liavens, are situated, or of such of the counties next adjoining to the same, respectively, as his Majesty in council shalldifos, at their quarter or other general session of the peace, for such term, not Ids than one year, nor exceeding five years, or in case such offender shall be liable to be transpurt CD for fourteen years, not exceeding seven years, as such court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, shall think fit to order and adjudge.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person, shall at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or grot fieflion, within England or Wales be lawfully convicted of any robbery, or other felony, for which he or she shall by law, either under this Statute, or under any other Statute now in force, or hereafter to be made, be liable to suffer death, without benefit of clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleated to extend the royal mercy to any such offender upon condition of being kept to hard labour, during any specified term, in any penitentiary house to be erected in pursuance of this at, or, such offenders being males, upon condition of being kept to hard labour, during any specified term, in the custody of such furperinten dant or superintendants as aforesaid, for the benefit of the said navigations; and such intention of mercy shall be notified, in writing, by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of date, to the court in which such offender shall be convicted, or to any court held for the same place with the like authority; or, it no such court shall be sitting, then to any justice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or justice of great fetfions, by or before whom such offender shall have been convicted or condemned; such court or justice may and shall, immediately on receiving such notification, allow to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the same manner as if there was a conditional pardon under the gteat sea); and may and shall order, that every such offender shall be kept to hard labour in such penitentiary house as aforesaid, or in the custody of such superimen dant or superintendants as aforesaid, for the time specified in the notification from such secretary of state.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. 431

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any offender sny shall be ordered and adjudged to be kept to hard labour in any ordered^o of the manners aforesaid, the clerk of assize, or other clerk of bard labour, the court in which such offender shall be convicted, shall give to the clerk of the sheriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, a certificate in writing under his hand, containing an account of the ^rtifcate^o christian name, surname and age, of such offender; of his or the sheriff or her offence, of the court before which he or she was convicted, gaoler, and of the term for which he or she shall be so ordered to hard labour; and the sheriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, shall, with all convenient speed, after the making of such order, and the receiving such certificate, convey such offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to such house or place to which such order shall direct him or her to be conveyed; and shall deliver such offender, or cause him or her to be who foal! de delivered, together with such certificate, to such governor or iivejf* superintendant as aforesaid, or to such person or persons as such certificate to governor or superintendant shall appoint; and such governor or the governor superintendant, or other person or persons to whom such offen or superinten der shall be so delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writing, dant, C who wider his or their hand or hands, to the sheriff or gaoler so de ^jptfo^the livering such offender, which shall be his sufficient discharge; tame, and such governor or superintendant shall transmit such certificate to the clert of the peace of the county or place wherein such penitentiary house, or other place of confinement, shall be situated, to be filed with the records of the sessions.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of assize, or Feesto he other clerk of the court, shall have the same see, gratuity, or fa cicrk"ofaf tisfaction, on granting such certificate, and the sheriff or gaoler zet C and shall have the same see on delivering out of his custody any such to the sheriff offender so to be ordered to any such penitentiary house, or other or g*lcr* place of hard labour, as hath usually been paid, and would have ^theeic been due to them respectively, if such offender had been senten pences of con ced to transportation, except in the case of petty larceny, where veying offen in they shall have only such fees as have usually and of right ders to their been paid upon conviction for the said offence, and judgement

to be whipped for the same; and such fees, gratuities, and pa the satisfaction, and also all expenses to be incurred by any county trea sheriff or gaoler in the conveyance of any such offender fur*to the house or place to be appointed for his or her confinement, such expenses being previously examined and allowed by the justices of the peace at their quarter or other general session, shall be paid by the treasurer of the county or place for which the court in which such offender shall be convicted shall have been held, to such clerk of assize, or other clerk of the court, and to such sheriff or gaoler respectively, and every such treasurer shall be allowed every such payment in his accounts.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after delivery of Governor or any such offender as aforesaid into the custody to which he or fapwinten* she shall be prdered or adjudged, such governor or superinten t(^ave the

Vojl. XXXII F f dant, same power

over

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.

[177^,

dant, or other person having the custody of offenders under hs direction, shall during the term for which such offender shall be ordered to hard labour, have the same powers over such offewfa as are incident to the office of a sheriff or gaoler; and in case oi any abuse of such custody, or other misbehaviaur or negligence in the difeharee of his office, shall be liable to the same puaiih tnent as a gaoler is now liable to by law.

X5CXII. And be it further enacted, That every Cuch governor of each of such penitentiary houses shall, during the term prescribed for the imprisonment and hard labour of such offender, keep him or her, so far as may be confident with his or her sex, age, health, and ability, to labour of the hardest and ipost servile kind, in which drudgery is chiefly required, and where the work is little liable to be spoiled by ignorance neglect, or obstinacy, and where the materials or tools are not easily ffoka or embezzled, such as treading in a wheel, or drawing in a cap stern, for turning a mill or other machine or engine, fawieg done, polishing marble, beating hemp, rasping logwood, chopping rags, making cordage, or any other hard and laborious fa vice j and those of less health and ability, regard being also had left ability are to age and sex, in picking oakum, weaving sacks, spinaing to be employ yarn, knitting nets, pr any other less laborious enaployment: boiious work an^Work to be performed by any such offenders shall be 1 of such a nature as may require previous instruction, proper

persons shall be provided to give the same, by order of the hd committee, to whom a fu it able allowance shall be made.

XXXIII. And be it further emusted, That such offenders as shall be sent to either of such penitentiary houses shall, during their hours of rest, be kept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be lodged in separate rooms or cells, not exceeding twelve feet in length, eight feet in breadth, and eleven

43?

offenders n his custody as a Qieriff or gaoler.

All offenders in the penitentiary houses, who are able, are to be kept to labour of the hardest and moult servile kind;

and those of

Offenders during the hours of rest, to be lodged in final! rooms, epa

rate from each feet in height, nor less than ten feet in length, (even feet in other breadth and nine feet in height, and without any window within six feet of the respective floors; which rooms or cells shall be dried and moderately warmed, in damp or cold weather, by flues, from the fires in the kitchens, and other publick fees belonging to each house; and the said offenders shall also, during their hours of labour, in case the nature of their several employments will permit, be in like manner kept separate and apart from each other; and, where the nature of the employment may require two persons to work together, the room in which such two persons shall work shall he of suitabledim employments will ons. ancj if the nature of the work wherein any such offenders*"ow shall be employed shall require the labour of many persons

at one time, a common work room, or (lied shall be allotted to them for that purpose; but during the time the offenders are employed in such common work room or (head, the governor of the said house, or the tak master, or one or more of their servants or assistants, shall be constantly present, to attend to the behaviour of such offenders; and such two or more persons shall i not

and during the hours of labour also to be kept separate as much as the nature of their cm

433

1779j Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74."

not be (offered to continue together, except during the hours of labour, and divine service, and the times respectively allotted for their meals and airing.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted That such offenders The hours of shall be employed in work, at the penitentiary houses, every ^ent parts" day in the year, except Sundry, cbfi/itnas d<fy, and Good Friday, of the year.

and also except such days when iff health Will not allow of their working; and the hours of work in each day shall be as many as the season of the year, with an interval of half hour for trreakfaft, and an hour for dinner, will permit, but not exceeding eight hours in the months of November, December, and January, nine hours in the months of February and o6iober, and ten hours in the rest of the year; and When such hours of Work are passed, the working tools, implements, and materials, or such of them as will admit of daily removal, shall be removed to places proper for their safe custody, and there be kept till the hour of labour shall return.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every offender who How the of shall be ordered to either of such penitentiary houses flvsfll, during the time of his or her confinement therein, be fed and fufhiinecf With bread, and any coarse mefat, or other inferior food, and water, or small beer; and also be clothed with a coarse and uniform apparel, with certain obvious marks or badges affixed tfo the same, as Well to humiliate the wearers a to facilitate dttcbver'y in case of escapes; the whole to be Ordered in such maimer as the committee aforesaid shall from time to time appoint for those purpose'; and ho Parch Offender shall, during the time of his of her confinement, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than such as shall be so appointed; and if Penalty on any person or persons shall wilfully fapply any such offender, af Applying any time during the term of his or her conffoemens, With ahy food, drink, or clothing, other than such as shall befo alppoint clothing.  CD of with any money, he or Are so supplyiwg such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit a fam not exceeding lea pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no offifcet r fer If any officer

vant of either of such penitentiary houses shall fopply any of thfe e^hei^'the offender therein with ahy money, dothing, provisions, or diet, ^nitentiary or with any spirituous or other liquors Whatsoever, except fu6h houses shall money, clothing, provisions, or diet, or such water and small supply any of beer, as the governor of the house shall from twite so time permit sent, cr wllh or directs, and except such diet and liquors as the surgeon nons*&ct*

apothecary attending such house shall think proper to order for contrary to any such offenders, in case of illriefs; and in case any such of this act, he freer or servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such offender,

or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such of governorj^nd fender any money, clothing, provisions, or diet, or liquors reportedtothe whatsoever, contrary to the intent of this av, such officer or fer committee; vanr shall immediately be suspectded* by the said governor; Who shall report the same to the committee at their next meeting and such committee shall inquire thereof upon oath, and shall

F f 2 punish

434 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. [1775.

who may pu punish such officer or servant by forfeiture of office, by any fine fine and im not exceeding ten pounds, and by imprisonment for any term prifo^ment.* not exceeding six months, or by any one or more of such punishments, as the said committee shall, in their discretion, think proper.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any offen when brought er w all ordered 10 hard labour in either of such houses to the peni as aforesaid, shall be brought thither in pursuance of the powers [ tentiary contained in this a, he or she shall be separately lodged, and houses, to be washed, cleansed and purified, and shall then be examined by lodged*and ftirgeon or apothecary, and shall continue in such separate

warned, and lodging until ft be certified by such surgeon or apothecary that examined by he or she is fit to be received among the other convicts, and the the iuigeonj clothes in which he or she shall then be clothed shall be burnt, if necessary, or otherwise shall be sold and disposed of, at the discretion of the governor, and the produce thereof shall be accounted for to the committee aforesaid; and such offender shall not be dismissed at the end or other determination of his term, un*lefsat his own request, if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous distemper, nor until he can be safely discharged; and when dif and when such offender shall be finally discharged, such other sum^edwidb ^eccnt clothing as shall be judged necessary and proper by the decent cloth committee aforesaid, shall be delivered to such offender, and also ing and mo such sum of money, for his or her immediate subsistence, as the said committee shall think proper, so as such sum shall nor exceed three pounds, nor be less than twenty Shillings, in case such offender shall have been confined in such penitentiary house for the space of one year, and foin proportion for any shorter term and after hav confinement; and if such offender, at the end or other deter ing continued mination of his or her term, shall procure any reputable matter in a reputable of a ship, or tradesman, or other substantial housekeeper, to service for one take him or her into service, or provide him or her with proper lmitlecuo^ employment for one year then next ensuing, the same to be ap f urther sum proved by the committee aforesaid, he or me, having served ac oi money. cordingly, shall be entitled at the end of the year to anbther sum of money, equal to that which was allowed to him or her at the time of his or her dismission.

The offenders

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to be divided the several offenders to be sent to each of such penitentiary into ttnee houses shall be divided into three classes, which shall be called Tbt CL a (Tes, and the First, Second, and Third Clafi; for which purpose the time for confiiieinent^ such offenders shall severally be committed shall be dito

be divided vided into three equal parts; and during the first part of the Into three time of the imprisonment of every such offender, he or she shall equal parts, be ranked in the first class, and during the second part of such time, he or she shall be ranked in the second class, and during the third and last part of such time, he or she shall be ranked in the third class; and the confinement and labour of such offenders as shall from time to time be ranked in the first class, shall be the most strict and severe, and the confinement and labour of the offenders ranked in the second class, shall be more moderate.

425

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74; rate, and the confinement and labour of those ranked in the third class, shall be still more relaxed; which several degrees of confinement and labour, so to be affixed to each class, shall from time to time be settled by the said committee, by orders of regulation to be approved of in manner aforesaid, but so as not to defeat or elude the special provisions made and appointed by this a

XXXIX. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to Govemormay, and for the governor of each such houses to employ, at his dif employ often'any of the offenders aforesaid, who shall be ranked in dher!, in, tjle the said third class, as servants, overseers, or assistants, in management of the works, and care of their fellow prisoners, instead of being confined to such their daily labour as aforesaid

XL. And be it further enacted, That each of the lodging howthetod? rooms which shall be appointed in the said penitentiary houses, rooms shall for the offenders so confined therein, shall be provided with an Dc^iron bedstead, with matting for lying upon, one or more hempen ftieets, a coverlet, and two or more coarse blankets; and no person, except the officers and servants of the house, and such person or persons as shall he authorised by order of any two of the committee aforesaid, shall be permitted to go at any time into such lodging rooms, or to see or converse with the offenders; and every night of the year the doors of all such lodg The doors to ing rooms shall be locked, and all lights therein extinguished, beioeked, and after the hour of nine; and a watchman shall patrol each of lights extin such penitentiary houses at lead twice in every hour during the n^huit nhie^ night, and until return of the time of labour in the morning of, fi a in the next day.

XLI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for Justices for any justice or justices of the peace, acting for the county or place lht* c. 0'int?l wherein such penitentiary houses, or places of confinement, to {heveniteiiti be provided in pursuance of this al, shall be situated, at all sea ary houses, C sonable times, to visit and inspect every part of such penitentiary at allfeafon houses, or places of confinement, in order to make report to the able dmes. quarter sessions, or give notice; to the inspector, herein after mentioned, of any abuse or mismanagement which he or they may observe therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the chaplain shall read chaplain to morning and evening prayers, in the chapel of each of fuel read morning penitentiary houses, and preach a sermon both morning and and evening afternoon, on every Sunday in the year, and also on every p^two christmas day and Goid friday; and all the offenders confined Jirmons, every in such house, who shall not be disabled by illness, shall attend Sunday, C the said prayers and sermons, which shall also be attended by the resident officers, and by the servants of such house, or such of them as can be spared from their several employments, and shall not be prevented by illness; and the said chaplain shall visit, with the leave of the governor, any of the offenders, either the go"*tick or in health, that may desire or (land in need of his spiritual vernor's leave advice and assistance, provided that such visitation, to such of

436

Large yard, properly secured. to be adjoining to the penitentiary houres, for the off*rn

lews.

Offenders, when lick, to be visited by the surgeon, and, if necessary, to be lent to the infirmary.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74. [1779.

the offenders as shall be in health, shall not interfere with their dated hours of labour.

XUII. And be it further en^aed, That there shall be, adjoining to each of such penitentiary houses, one or more large and airy yards or places, enclosed and properly secured, in which, and on the top of such house, if the building will admit such a convenience, the offenders ordered to be confined in such house shall be permitted to walk and air themselves, for

and ah^hem" ^atec* meas lleam may require, and the governors an air cm ^aj| respect^ive]y permit; and if proper employment can be

found, such offenders may also be permitted to work in such yards, indead of their lodging rqoms or work rooms; but such airing or working in such yards shall never be permitted unless in the presence pr within the view of the governor or task matter, or some of their servants or assistants.

XLIV. And be it further epaaed, That in case any such offender shall appear to be sick, he or she shall be vifired by the surgeon pr apothecary attending such house, and if the sickness be found to be real, the said surgeon or apothecary shall report the same to the governor; who shall, if the sickness he of such a nature as to require it, order such offender to be sent to the infirmary belonging to such house, and to be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose as sick; and when such offender (bail have so far recovered his or her health, as that the said surgeon or apothecary shall judge him or her in a proper condition to quit the infirmary, and to return to his or her employment, and the said apothecary shall so report, the said governor (had order such offender to be brought back to his or her lodging room, and to be again employed in labour, so far as shall be consistent with the health of such offender.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said committee, attend attach or any lwo them, shall attend at each of the said penitentiary penitentiary houses once at lead in every fortnight; and of every such aitcn house every dance shall examine the state of such house, and shall see every offender confined there, and not disabled by sickness; and shall in spea the accounts of the governor and storekeepers, and also ex offenders"and amine the condua and management of such house and the be inspea the haviour of the officers thereof, nd of the offenders confiped

accounts of herein; the said committee are hereby authorised and im

andpowere^ 10 confer rewards and encouragements on fuefe of the keepers, See. laid offenders as shall appear the most diligent and meritorious, by giving them a small part of the profits of their d^ily Of weekly earnings, to be properly applied for the use apd benefit of themselves or families, or by permitting them to work, during the intervals of their dated labour, for the like use and benefit.

XLVI. And be it further epaaed, That the governor of each of such penitentiary houses shall have power to hear all complaints of cer plaints touching any of the following offences that is to fey,

tain offences, disobedience of any of the orders of the house $ by one person confined in such house upon another when no dangerous

Two of the

: every fortnight, when they fbatl see the

Governor itn powered to hear com

ind to punish the offenders.

437

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.

Wound or bruise is given; profanfe curling and (Wearing, ot indecent behaviour; absencfc from chape!, or irreverent behaviour there; and idleness or negligence in work, or wilful mismanagement of it; all which are declared to be offences by this at; and the said governor may examine ahy persons touching such offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such offences, either by moderate whipping, or by ordering the offenders to close confinement in the dungeons of such house, and by keeping them upon bread and water only, for any term not exceeding three days.

XLVII. And be it turther enacted, That if any offender who Enormous of shall be committed to any stich penitentiary house shall, during tenders to be the term for which he shall be so committed, be guilty of any the governor offence which the governor of such house is not hereby autho and reported rifed to punish, or for which the punishment which such gover to the com nor is hereby authorised to inflict shall by such governor be m, ltce at their deemed not sufficient, by reason of the enormity of the offence, bcxt mce: ids* or the repetition thereof, such governor may, and he is hereby required to confine such offender, either in his or her own lodging room, or in one of the dungeons belonging to such house, till the next meeting of the said committee, and shall then report such offence, with the nature and particular circumftarices thereof, and the name of the offender, to the said committee; and such committee shall have power to inquire of, upon oath, ccfmm*etee to and determine concerning all such offences so reported to them such

as aforesaid, and shall order such offenders to be punished, offences, and either by moderate whipping, or repeated whippings, by close to puniifh the confinement in one of the dungeons, with bread and water only offenders, for sustenance, for any term not exceeding one month, or by removing such offenders, if ranked in the second or third class, into any prior class, or by any or all of such punishments; and in case of removal into any prior class, the offender shall, from the time of making such order of removal, go through such prior class, and also the subsequent class or dasses, in the same manner as under his or her original commitment, and for such additional time as such committee shall think proper to order, so as the whole time of confinement to be computed from such order of removal into such prior class, to the final discharge of the offender, shall not exceed the original term for which he or she was committed.

xlvill. And be it further enacted, That whenever by this Any one of adfc the said committee, or any two of them, are empowered or the committee directed to make any inquiry, or receive any proof upon oath, any one of the said committee is hereby authorised to tender and C 9

administer such oath; and any two of the said committee may summon, or cause to be summoned, such witnesses as they shall think meet, to appearand give evidence before them; and if Penalty on ahy person, being duly summoned, shall refuse or neglect to persons sum appear, or being present, and competent to be a witness, shall to

refuse to be fworri, or being sworn, shall refuse to give evidence, appc

F f 4 such 1

r

438

Committee to report to the

extraordinary diligence or merit; who may shorten their time of con

maje convicts, after they are delivered to the superin tendants, shall

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.' [1779.

such person shall forfeit any sum not less than twenty Shillings, or more than ten pounds, at the discretion of the said committee.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said committee shall at any time observe, or be satisfacforily informed, ilex^assize* all any extraordinary diligence or merit in any of the offender offender who under their inspection, they shall report the same to the justices shall manifest of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, or great session at they next or any subsequent session to be held for the county in which such offender was convicted; and such justices, if the offender shall be committed for a certain term of months or years, dm and may, if they shall think proper, shorten the confinement a such offender, on condition that such offender, being a male, lhac finemciu, See. engage himself to Verve in the sea or land forces, or without arr condition, as to them in their discretion shall seem meet; and i the offender shall be committed for life, in pursuance of a conditional prdon, such justices shall, if they think proper, repot him or her to his Majesty as an object of royal mercy.

L And be it further enacted, That after the delivery of an such male offender into the custody of any such superintendar: or superintendants as aforesaid, he shall be confined in (oik secure place or vessel, to be provided for the sole purpose of re be waihcd.and ceiving such offenders on their first arrival, and shall be wald thieir clothes and cleaned, and his clothes shall be burnt, if it is deemed changed, See. neceitai y, and others provided for him; and he shall remsia there for the space of four days at the least, unless, during that time, he shall be found to be infected with any putrid or contagious fever, or other disease; in which case he shall be immediately sent to the hospital or infirmary, till such time as tie surgeon or apothecary attending the same shall think it safe to remove him on board one of the veffds appointed for the confinement of offenders in general, and to lodge him among the healthy convicts.

LI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided for the reception of such offenders, in the custody of every superintendant, as shall happen to be Tick, or to be disabled by any wound or accident, a secure place or vessel, to serve as an hospital or infirmary, with such proper assistants as liiay be necessary for their speedy recovery, but the whole to be under the charge and control of such superintendant aforesaid, who shall be liable to answer for the escape of any offender to likewifealarge removed to such hospital or infirmary; and there shall also be garden lor provided, by the said superintendant, a large piece of ground, btes^r thefa" (*ccurety ^encec^ an enclosed, for a garden and airing ground, in uf^offtie of shall be raised proper vegetables for the use of the offenders.

fenders under the custody of every such superintendant $ V shall be at liberty to employ such of the invalid offenders, recommended

for that purpose by the surgeon or apothecary, as the said superintendant shall think proper, and for whose escape he shall be liable to anftver, in the culture and management of such garden.

An hospital to be provided for the lick, seci

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4/ 439

LII. And be it further enacted, That, subject to the excep Offender, in lions and provisions aforesaid, every such superintendant or fu custody of the perintendants shall, during the terpn prescribed for the impri f^rinhend jonment and hard labour of every such offender, keep him to p" 0ycdin ndf^ hard labour, either in raising sand, soil, and gravel, or in any {ng land, C other laborious service, for the benefit of the navigation of the for the benefit Thames, or of such other navigable rivers, ports, harbours, or of l.hc nv havens, as aforesaid, or in any other public works upon the Thames cf banks or shores of the same; but when the said laborious fer 9

vice shall be for the navigation of the Thames, then at such places only, and subject to such limitations and restrictions, as the matter, wardens, and attittants of the trinity house shall, from time to time, prescribe.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, that such offenders shall in no but not in decafe be employed in delivering tonnage or ballad to matters and commanders of ships, but only in digging, raising, and taking up the gravel, sand, and soil, from the (helves and sand banks of the said rivers, ports, harbours, or havens, and in discharge ing the same upon the shore, above the high water mark, except in such cases where any embankment or sea wall shall be di jredted to be made or repaired, or in some other laborious fer yice for the benefit of such navigations, or for completing such other public works as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That every offender, who Offenders to*shall be ordered to hard labour in the custody of such superin withf tendantor superintendants as aforesaid}, shall, during the time of such service, be fed and sustained with bread, and any coarse water or fault meat, or other inferior food, and water or small beer, and also beer, clothed, at the discretion and under the direction of such superintendant or superintendants; and such offender shall not, during the term of such service, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than such as shall be so directed; and if Penalty on any person shall supply any such offender, at any time during the term of his said service, with any drink, food, or clothing, wuh any other other than such as shall be so directed, or with any money, he food, cor (he so supplying shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor under forty Shillings.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any offender, who Offender who shall be so delivered to such superintendant or superintendants to refusetowork, be kept to hard, shall, during the term of such service, refuse Jo perform any labour authorised by this actor shall be guilty themselves, of any other misbehaviour or disorderly conduct, it shall be law may be whip Full for the superintendant or superintendants, having the custody ped, See. of any such offender, to order such whipping, or other moderate punishment, to be inflicted upon him, as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction for hard labour.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every offender, wiiq Every offend shall be delivered to such superintendant or superintendants to cr* the end see kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, shall, at the end of men, stall je term of such service, and upon being restored to his liberty, receive a sum

receive of money, not

440 less than sof. nor more than 3l with decent clothing.

His Majesty, on the good behaviour of offender, may ihorten the term of their confinement.

Offender,

who shall continue in a reputable service for one year from the time of their dismission, to be entitled to a further sum of money.

Offenders labouring under acute distempers not to be dismissed, unless they desire it.

Directions relative to the burial of offenders who fiiatldieincuf tody of the fu penntendants,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. [1779.

receive from the superintendant or superintendants, under whom he shall hive so served, such sum of money, not being less than twenty Shillings, nor more than three pounds, in cale hath been confined for one year, and foin proportion for any shorter term, together with such decent clothing as the court, into which such returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned, shall appoint: and if any such offender, whilst confined to hard labour in manner aforesaid, shall, by his industry and other good behaviour, shew such signs of reformation as shall induce the said court to recommend him as an object of his Majesty's mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified, by a letter from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, to the superintendant or superintendants as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in consideration of such good behaviour, to shorten the duration of such offender's term, such offender shall be accordingly set at liberty at the time mentioned in such letter, and ihal), together with necessary clothing, receive a sum of money from his superintendant or superintendants, in proportion to the time of his confinement, according to the rates aforesaid; any such offender so dismissed at the end or other determination of his term, who shall procure any reputable matter of a ship, or tradesman, or other substantial housekeeper, to take him into service, or provide'him with proper employment, for one year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by such superintendant or superintendants, and who shall serve accordingly, shall be intituled, at the end of the year, to another sum of money, equal to that which was allowed him at the time of his dismission.

LVII. Provided always, That no offender shall be dismissed out of the custody of the said superintendant or superintendants, at the end or other determination of his term, unless at his own request, if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous distemper, nor until he can be safely discharged.

lviii. And be it farther enacted, That in case any of the said offenders shall happen to die in the custody of such superintendant or superintendants as aforesaid, they shall be buried in the most commodious places adjacent to the Several rivers, ports, harbours, and havens, in or near which they shall have been respectively employed, according to the form for burial'prescribed by the liturgy of the church of England; and the necessary charges of such funerals, and also of the coroners who shall sit on the bodies of the offenders so dying in such custody, together with the necessary expenses of providing such chaplains, surgeons, and apothecaries, as the said superintendant or superintendants shall find it expedient, or shall be required by the court into which such returns as are herein afrer mentioned shall be made, from time to time, to employ in attending the offenders m his or their custody or custodies, (half be paid by such superintendant or superintendants, and brought to account in manner herein after mentioned.

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4.

LIX. Provided always, That such chaplains so to be employed as aforesaid shall read morning and evening prayer, and preach a sermon after each, in every such place of confinement, on every phriflmas day Good Friday and Sunday throughout the year.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every such superintendant shall, in the custody, treatment, and employment of the offenders committed to his care, conform to and observe the several directions herein before given for regulating the copduci of the governors of the said penitentiary houses, so far as the nature of the service in which the said offenders shall be employed, and their different places and modes of confinement, will permit, and so far as is confident with the other regulations and orders contained in this act with respect to the said offenders.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the governors and superintendants of the several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall keep a reguflar book or books, for the purposes herein after mentioned; and from thence, from time to time, shall make true and just returns, Specifying the names of all and every the person or persons who shall be committed to their custody, the offences of which they hall have been guilty, the court before which each person was convicted, the sentence of the court, the age, bodily estate, and behaviour of every such convict while in custody, and also the names of all and every the person or persons who shall have died under such custody, or shall have escaped from such place of confinement, or shall have been discharged from thence by order from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or otherwise; which returns shall be made, the first day of every term, to his Majesty's court of king's bench, and shall be verified on the oath of the person making the same.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That a state of the accounts of each of the said penitentiary houses shall be laid before the justices of the peace for the county in which the same shall be situated, four times in the year, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, and the said accounts shall be then, or at any other adjourned sessions to be then appointed for that purpose, inspected, and carefully examined; apd if the said justices shall observe any notorious waste to have happened, or any extravagant expenses to have been incurred, or any other gross mif managemecu, they shall report the same to the justices of his Majesty's court of king's bench, who shall immediately take order therein, and check on rerhefs the same.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint one fit and able person to be ipfpe&or of the two penitentiary houses to be erected by virtue of this act, and of the several ships and vessels, to be employed on the river Thames, for the confinement of offenders as aforesaid, and of all other gaols and places of criminal confinement within the city of London and county of Middlesex; which in foebtor shall personally visit and inspebl every such place of con

441

The chaplain's duty.

superintend ant, in the treatment and employment of offenders, to observe the dir eft ion before given to the governors of the penitentiary houses. Sec.

Governors

and superintendant to keep regular books from which returns are to be made, the first day of every terra, to the court of King's Bench, specifying the names and offences, See. of all persons committed to their custody.

A state of the accounts of each penitentiary house to be laid before every quarter sessions for the county who, if they observe any notorious waste. See. are to report the same to the court of King's Bench. His Majesty may appoint an inspector of the penitentiary houses. See,

442 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. [1779.

who shall visit finement once at lead in every quarter of a year, or oftener, if occasion shall require, and shall diligently examine into the several particulars herein before directed to be returned to his

and inspect eve y such place of confinement

once majesty's court of king's bench, and also into the state of the a quarter, buildings, the behaviour and condudfc of the respective officers, the treatment and Condition of the prisoners, the amount erf the several earnings, and the expenses attending every such place of confinement, and shall make a faithful report of the same to and make a both houses parliament, at the beginning of every session, and faithful report a xn matters of extreme or pressing necessity, shall and 1027 of the state make a special report thereof to the justices of his Majesty's thereoftoboth court of king's bench, who shall immediately take order there lumentauhe an or tedrefs the same; and such inspetffor shall

beginning of continue in such office during his Majesty's pleasure, and fhao every session. receive such salary as his Majesty shall appoint, not exceeding two hundred pounds per annum.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the expenses of Expenses of carrying this act into execution, not herein before specialij executing thi. provided for, shall be annually laid before the house of com annually be mons and after deducing the reout the net profits, if anj,

fore the*house arising from the earnings of the offenders who shall be kept to

commons, hard labour in any of the places of confinement to be appointed C by virtue of this acts, shall be provided for in the next supplies

to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Punishment of be ordered to hard labour in any of the places of confine

persons order ment to be appointed by virtue of this acts, instead of being ed to hard U capitally punished, shall, at any time during the term for which ^ak^prison'^ or be ^0 or^erec^ to confinement, bfeak prison, or

orelcape from escape from the place of his or her confinement, or in his or lawful cuito* her conveyance to such place of confinement, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender, he or she so breaking prison, or escaping, shall be guilty of felony,

without benefit of clergy; but in case he or she so breaking

prison, or escaping, hath been ordered to hard labour instead of fransportation, he or she shall be punished by an addition of three years to the term for which he or she, at the time of his or her breach of prison, was subject to be confined; and if such person so punished by such addition to the term of confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a second escape, or breach of prison, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall If any person rek'ue any offender, who by force of this actor any part of it, shall refeue, or shall be ordered to hard labour, in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this act, either during the time of his or her conveyance to the place appointed for such hard labour, or whilst such offender shall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or she shall be lb confined; or if any person shall be aiding or assisting in any such refeue; every such person so refeuing, aiding, or assisting, shall be guilty

dy

attempt to rescue, any offender ordered to hard labour;

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4."

443

of felony, and may be ordered to hard labour in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this act, for any term not less than one, nor exceeding five years: and if any person hav or any person ing the custody of any such offender as aforesaid, or being em having the ployed by the person having such custody, as a keeper, under f offender keeper, turnkey, assistant, or guard, shall voluntarily permit fljau volunta such offender to escape; or if any person whatsoever shall, by rily permit his Supplying arms, tools, or instruments of disguise, or otherwise, escape, be in any manner aiding and assisting to any such offender in any or any other escape, or in any attempt to make an escape, though no escape^ actually made, or shall attempt to refeue any such offender, fn* ingl elc* or be aiding and assisting in any such attempt, though no refeue be actually made, every such person so permitting, attempting, every such aiding, or assisting, shall be guilty of felony; and if any person person shall having such custody, or being so employed by the person having b*gu, by such custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any such*offender to escape, such person so permitting shall be guilty of a mefdemeanor; and, being lawfully convicted of the same, shall be liable to fine or imprisonment, or to both, at the discretion of the court.

LXVII. Andy to the intent that the prosecutiom for escape Sy Method of breaches of pnfony and refcuesy may be carried on with as little trou" n ble and expense as is pojfibky be it further enacted, That any fenders o offender escaping, breaking prison, or being refeued, in manner making escape aforesaid, may and shall be tried before the justices of oyer and or breaking terminer, or gaol delivery, or at the great sessions for the county P' ifn* and f where he or she shall be apprehended and retaken; and in case afliihug thereof any prosecution for any such escape, attempt to escape, breach jn,of prison, or refeue, either against the offender escaping, or attempting to escape, or having broke prison, or been refeued, or against any other person or persons concerned therein,or aiding, abetting, or assisting the same, a copy, properly attested, of the certificate herein before directed to be given to the sheriff, or gaoler by the clerk of the assize, of other clerk for the time being of the court in which such offender shall be convicted, and by such sheriff or gaoler to be delivered, together with the offender, to such governor or superintendant as aforesaid, and by such governor or superintendant, to be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be filed with the records of the sessions,

shall, after proof made that the person then in question before the court is the same that was delivered with such certificate, be Sufficient evidence to the court and jury, not only of the nature and fact of the conviction itself, and the species of confinement to which such person was ordered, but also that the person then in question is the same that was so convicted, and ordered to such confinement.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties of penalties created by this act, for the recovery of which no mode this act how to i herein before prescribed, shall be recoverable before t>vo or be recovered more justices of the peace in the county, riding, division, city,appuca. liberty, borough, town, or pl?ce, in which the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of

their disproportionate expenses.

444. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4. f 17; $,

one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confessioned the offender > and one moiety thereof shall be paid to the deaf the penitentiary house, or other place of confinement, to which the offence more immediately relates, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the fatne; and mcafe of nonpayment, shall be levied by drftrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and fears of such justices $ the overplus of the money raisees, after it du<9ing the penalty, and the expenses of the distrefe and frk shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of fufucient <& tress the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prisona such county, riding, division, city, borough, town, or piaci*for such term, not exceeding six months, nor less than cre month, as such justices shall think most proper.

Allowance to kxjx. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thath bemadetothe consideration of the great and di(proportionate expenses whid county of the county of Middlesex will probably incur, in providing fcr Middlesex for the temporary reception and maintenance of great numbers X u r offenders as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the cots missioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treafiarcr forth? time being, to issue and allow to the treasurer of the said county of Middlesex^ from time to time, till such certificate shall be made as aforesaid, such sum or farm of money as shall apper to be rcafbnabte, m aid of fitch extraordinary expenses, rcc exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds for one year, zei foin proportion for any longer or shorter time.

LXX. And whereas the courts of djjize, Nisi Prios, oyer ed relative to" the terminer, and gad delivery, for fever at counties at large in (B lodgings of kingdom, are often held in or near cities or towns that are counties themselves, and at the same time torfb the tike courts for the fed cities or towns 5 and inconveniences frequently orise, in transelur; the bufsntfs of the several courts, for that the lodgings of the judge are situate either only in the county at large, or only ire the county if such city or town; be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the courts of assize, nisi prtus, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, for any county at large, in that part of Great Britts called England, shall be held in or near any city or town chat Is adfo a county of itself, and at the same time with the like orany of the like courts for the said city or town, the lodgings of the judge or judges shall be construed and taken to be situate both within the county at large, and also within the county of such city or town, for the purpose of carrying this at into execution, and of transacting the business of the assizes for such county at large, and for the county of such city or town, during the time that such judge or judges (frail continue therein for the execution of their several commissions. pro

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any salt or atftion this at mayer prosecutd aeainst any person or persons for anything

plead the ge done in pursuance of this af, such person or persons may plead nerai issue, the general issue, and give this actor the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was

door

Regulation

the judges at county assizes.

freribns

445

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 4.

done by the authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, after iflfue joined; or if on demurer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the and recover defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the trcwc like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases; and though a verdict shall be giving for any plaintiff, in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, Limitation of and protections, to be commenced against any person or per ion. fons for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six months after the fact committed, and not otherwise.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That an act, made and Soniuch of passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,6 gco intituled An act to author ife, for a limited time, the punishment byt jfnutvl*r hard labour of offenders whoy for certain crimes, art or shall become iates to the" liable to be transported to any of his Majestys colonies and planta terms of con tiens 5 and which was continued by two subsequent acts, the (hj5*t of one made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present unexphed at Majesty, and the other in this present session of parliament, till the parting of the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy this act. nine, shall, with regard to such offenders whose respective terms of confinement under and by virtue of the said acts are subsisting and unexpired at the passing of this act, continue and remain in force till the end or other determination of their laid respective terms; the time limited for the expiration of the said acts, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary notwithstanding; save only that such offenders lb confined shall, from and after the said first day of July, he subject to the orders and regulations herein before contained, infte&d of those contained in the said former act.

[Continuance

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the first day of June which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer; except with regard to offenders whole respective terms of confinement under and by virtue of this act shall be then subsisting and unexpired, with regard to whom it shall continue in force till the end or other extermination of their respective terms.

446

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 5: [1775.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for removing certain difficulties with respect to the rcsre speedy and effectual manning of his Majesty's navy for a limici J' time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament, persons fair certain definitions are protected from being impressed into Majesty's firvice at fia: and whereas it is equally just and expedient that such protections Should not be used to obfruci the public defmt in an arduous and difficult conjuncture; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritu3l and temporal, and commons, ie this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Part of an act same. That so much of an act passed in the second year of the a Ann, for reign of her majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An act for the k fewne* C f f^men, an better encouragement of navigation, and featr$\* of the coal trade), as grants any exemption or protection to am

apprentice or other person from being impressed, or permitted and 13 Geo. a. or suffered to lift or enter into his Majesty's sea service; cap >71 also one act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty reign, (entitled. An act for the increasi of mariners and feamtn a navigate merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or vessels); arvi also so much of an act passed in the second year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the better applying the cities of London and Westminster with fish, and to reduce the prefint ex or hi torsi price thereof, and to protect and encourage fjhermen), as grants any protection to the persons therein described from being impressed into his Majesty's service at sea; and also so much of an a passed in the eleventh year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for the better support and establishment of the Greenland azl ivnalefishery,) as grants the like protection to the persons therein described, shall be, and the same are hereby declared and enabled to be of no force and effect, for and during the spaceoi five calendar months, to be computed from the sixteenth day oijune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

ll. Provided nevertheless, That the suspension of the abovementioned acts, so far as they relate to persons serving on board fonsemployed Of and vessels employed in the coal trade, shall not con trade cal tinue lnger tan one calendar month, to be computed from the sixteenth day of June aforesaid.

No person to

III. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons bemoleltedfor shall be seed or molested for taking and impressing, or causing impressing, to tafcen ancj impressed, within the time aforesaid, any per me aforesaid, fn or persons for ^, Majesty's service at sea, contrary to the contrary to 'provisions of the before recited ^cts, or any of them, the recited ats.

and part of % Geo. 3. cap. 15

and part of a 1 Geo. 3. cap. 38,

suspended for k months, from June 16,779*

Exception in favotir of per

y

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 447

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for augmenting the militia.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend. Recital of the and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in militia ad being relating to the raising and training the militia within that* Geo. 3*part of Great Britain called England*it is, amongst other things enacted, That the number of private men to be raffect, by virtue of the said act, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, full conftft of the numbers therein particularly mentioned: and whereas, in the present situation of public affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient that the number of the militiaforces Should be augmented: and whereas by an act passed in the last Jfffton of parliament, intituled An act to and ilgeo/j. amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising* 59* and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's lieutenants to authorise the acceptance of any number of volunteers in any regiment or battalion of militia, and to appoint officers to command such volunteers, provided the number of such volunteers does not exceed the compliment of any one company in any such regiment or battalion: and whereas it may he expedient further to extend the provisions of the said act with respect to the raising volunteer companies in the militia forces of this kingdom \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and Lordllieuten* after the passing of this act, if any person or persons, properly autsimpower qualified according to the laws now in force, shall offer to his volunteer majesty's lieutenant of any county to raise one or more company companies, or companies to be added to the regiment or battalion of any andtoappoint county or riding, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's officers there

to Accept such offers, and to appoint such officers >IU accordingly; and shall certify to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc cessors, the names and ranks of such officers, within one month after they shall be so appointed; and in case his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall, within one month after such certificate laid before his Majesty, his heirs or successors, signify his or their disapprobation of any person to be such officer in the militia, his Majesty's lieutenant shall not grant a commission to such person, but shall grant commissions to such persons so appointed who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, as aforesaid; and on the certificate at his Majesty's lieutenant, or of the commanding officer of the regiment or titled to the" Vol. XXXII Gg battalion sane pay, dec.

4*.

a the other militia forces.

Augmented

regiments not to be made iwoljaitahoos,

Volunteer companies to be subject to all the laws, regulations, C ndw in force felating to the militia j

and to be reduced

'vnen fbe milina shall be disembodied, C

Continuance of this a.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. $., [1779.

battalion to which such company or companies shall be annexed that such company or companies are actually raised, fitch cost pany or companies (hu be inytled to th same allowance of bounty, subsistence money, arms, and dothlrig, as the rest of his Majesty's militia forces in this kingdom..'.

II. And be it enacted, That when any such copipaoieaqf volunteers shall be added to any regiment, such addition shall not nuke it nece&ry to fepavate such regiment into two battafi* ops, but such regiment (hah remain and continue one tezj merit.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority afiarc&ki,

That su and every the ferera) kiwi and all the mica fugoft* tims, penalties, faefcoures, ekuses, matter, rnd things tfrere m contained, and now in force, or which shall be paries in session of parliament, relative to the rating, tmintng, payrr^, clothing, embodying, and calling out, thq militia, fk^n S applied, practised, and put in execution, with respect to thy additional volunteer companies by this act directed to be raim, in as full and am^le manner as if the said feveraf laws, rules, regulations, pen ah res, forfeitures, daufeg, matters., and thlngfl were herein again at large repeated and re enacted in the bod]mj* this present act; Cave and except fi far as the same are altered by any pxwifions contained in this act'.' 6 V '

itv. And be it farther enabled by the authorfity ^forffti4*r That all volunteer companies which shall be raised iapurfuaace of tbi* aft, shall be reduced and difiolved whenever the milim of the counties, ridings, and places, in which such cottotaifer fltajf be raised, (halt be disembodied, or at such earlier as his Majesty shall signify his pleasure to reduce such cooa* panics,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeffcld, That dm aft shall be and continue in force until the Bicytibtr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two an4oq longsc.

CAP. irxxvh.

An act to enable the commissioneri of his Majesty treifury to eom* ppund S debt dee to the crown from James gtmaf* and bit foresaw, and for vrftina the fltate* of thr laid j?ni0*gitfa*iojfra*cij oiuut and Thomas giui^rtv and for other purposea theraks jncfttfenqdt "

Preamble reciting (evera) bonds entered into by James Gjldart, and life fureries. A writ of extent lifued by the court of exchequer. cousy^d?. (toners of the treasury empowered to compound with Francis Grldartajia Thomas Gildart, for the money remaining due to the crown from James Gildart, as receiver-general of the land tax. See. for Laocashire, or from his lurches. All the ettates, both real and personal, which James Gil dart was possessed of or intitlrd to at the filing, out of the extent*sad also the e(fates which were devised as aforesaidby Richard Gildsrt, arc veiled in Francis Gtidart and Thomas Gihlarrj subject to the payment of she competition herein mentioned for the debts a foretold. Upon payment of the competition abovsnpeai^onedv or gndog security for the (amo, the f*jd ylfates to be absolutely veiled in tjum and thpir henrs^ freed; frits all. debt due from James Gild art to the crqtgn,njd fooq^the bqndagr

17}$?} Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.

tettd into by his furetirt. Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart im powtrcd to bring actions frit rfccfivering pdflefifon 6f premises, caster pay mem of, or giving security For the composition herein mentioned, th^afttwgsidwftates vested in Francis and Theme! Gddhft# ted any cfauo which James Gildart may hereafter acquire, and also hit several fareues, are freed ihd aifehirged of the ifore said debts due to the crown. Ueuei Al faf*g.

present Majesty's reign, for building a temporary bridge over tft* rivtr Tyne, between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and gatechead, in the county of Durham j.for ewaptetiilg the tie ftoue bridge over the said river \ and for making the avenues to, and the passage over the (amt more commodious.

Prutabla. Trufan. slm tmftcci of tttafc o A, nor tmat A be chefen. Trustees hn flowered to build the parapet wku on that part of the bridge whkh belongs to thd see of Durtiam, For regulating the meet ings, and tfid quorum of the trustees. All meetings to be held in the mayor ehfcnibtr, &c. No order to be ttvfiktti trtleft 15 trustees ftml) bo prefcat. triiho feo tppoitt oitttt) and alttw them (ahtrits. Oftcrtv to accounts and pay (hh balance. Pcnsrity of default. If balance be ribt! paid it may be levied by distrefe. On failure of distress &c. officer to be 1 ccfttiitiitted. Teihpoi'afy bridge to be further continued for three years j

[Publick act.]

bitt to be trikeituwiy it Itoiit bridge be fattier fiimhm. tvdfwei itrt powered to treat far hoafe*, &c. to ha taken down to opart avemws to the new bridge. If owners, &c. and the trustees cannot agree, the recom t pence and damage to be ascertained by a jury. No houses to be built on, the new bridge. Incapadflttd |>*ffohs im^odrfred to sell. On refusal to traat, &c. damage to be ascertained by a jury On payment of purchase mfi&ey, pre miles U be conveyed. In tale of a detective rifle, &c. or mortgagee refusing to take in their mortgage money, irfe purchase money shall be paid Into rod dhamber of the town of Newcaft'd* and preritife* bte vetfad in the trftfteei. Purchase art) met, on proper application, to be placed out at interest. Mesne profits recoverable. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money and Interest, to convey. Tehantsto quit on six months notice; on retoftl, (herifls to deliver possession. Trufi. tees may fine sheriffi. See, for making default. Moneys payable to bodies corporate, &c. to be reinvested in purchase of other estates. txuueea miy fell Overplus ground. Application of the produce thereof. Trustees ami jurymen fiat to act where interested. Tolls to be continued. Recompute to be made to the corporation, for land taken friwn them to itoako avenues. Tftlls may be assigned far money borrowed. Certain times appointed for auditing the accounts. Tolls may be varied. Trustees may, lease the tolls. Duration of falfon the new bridge. Tolls, &c. riot to be assessed to any taxes what foe ver. Penalty cm deftrofing tdh gdter, Ari. Penalty on attaching or threatning collectors, &c. Officers who shall receive any penalties, and rufofc euicuooiit fof Vhe farrra, may be committed. Proceedings not to be qualfied for wanf of form. Saving the rights of the corporation. Limitation of aaions* General iftut* Treble uoitsa

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 9,  [1775.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ail, made in the twenty ft xtb year of the reign of his Majesty King George the 'Second, intituled An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn, in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to lammerton bill, and also the federal other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town of Berwick.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an, made tn the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for respairing and widening the road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Red derfly gate, adjoining to Hutton moor, in the way to Ripen; and through Aindtrby, j^ueryiow, and Nojlerfeld, by ived Flafles Gate, to Masham, in the county of York and likewise for removing the tossed house and turnpike gates at Busby stm, in the said county, to some other convenient place in the road leading from borough bridge to the city of Durham.

An act for continuing the term, and altering the powers of ate off, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering iafe and commodious, several roads leading from the town of South Molton, in the county of Devon.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ail, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second for repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough, in the county of Leicester, through the town of Lutterworth, in the Bid county, to the city of Coventry.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham, and other roads in the county^Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the road from the west end of the town of Beaconsfield to within half a mile of the river Colne, near Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXIX.

CAP. LXXX.

CAP. LXXXI.

CAP. LXXXII.

CAP. lxxxiii

\ 1779.]. Anpo decuno n0O0 Georgii III. c. 84^89.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for widening and repairing a lane called pitt's or sheppard's Lane, leading from the market house in the town Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said county, and for turning the courji of the present road, leading from Ray' mills and Cookham to the turnpike road near Maidenhead aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leuefier, through Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for enlarging the term of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury, in the county of Huntingdon, through ivarboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilt on Eltijley, ivarejley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a house called the Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the several counties o( Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign, of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from chef terfield, to the turnpike road at Hemftontrlane Head; and also the road branching from the said road, upon the East Moor, through Baflow and Wdrdlow, to the joining of the said roads again near fvardlow mires and also the road leading between the said road and branch, from calver bridge to baflow bridge, and also the road from the turnpike road near newhaven house, to the turnpike road near Grindie ford bridge, in the county of Derby.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

Majesty, for repairing and amending reads leading from

U pton in the county of wocdexer, and aether rends therein mentieee ed; and for amending the road leading from the While Cnofy in the parifoof Henley Custte, W the fidd county, to the rforr sevea. '

CAP. XC.

Ana to enlarge the term end powers of an ar, ah the

sixth year of the reign of his late Aiajefj, for repairing tfo MM from the borough of Leicester, in the county of to

the town of ashay do la zouch, in the bid county.

CAP. XCI.

An act for more effecttallj repairing the rood Stratford

Upon Avon toedgfaill, in the ceesnty of Warwick*and far

pealing the several laws now in force relating to the said room,

CAP. xctl.

An act for more effcqually repairing,end amending, the

roads from Wigan to Preston, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing several ars, made in the thirteenth year George the First, and the fourth and jean ofmtkga.

Majesty) relating to the said roads,

CAP. XCIII.

and for amending and beeping in repair the tread from a certain bridge over a brook or flrtam called Sudbrook, the Alp of Gloucester, to the nhtt mile stone on the Bristol road, at or neat a plate tailed The Clay Pits, in tbt {/'gloucester.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for continuing the term, and varying

powers, of twod&i,

tandem the twenty fxtb and twmty mttb years of the rtigntfbis late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the top f White Jbeet Hill, in the partth of Saint Andrew, m

the county of Wilts, and several other reads therein t, h.

tie counties of doxiet, Somerset, and Wilts.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George Stand, for repairing and widening the road from |* through the town of Alnwick to Rothbuiy, and from thence to the town of Hexbam; and also the road leading oat of the aforesaid road, between Alnwick and Rilhbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the county of Northumberland', most ffftdhea fed vifionfor the repair, of the find rtems,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 6,  joi. 453*

CAP. XCVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to sparrowpit gate, in the county of Derby, and from The guide poll, near barber's Fields Cupola, through Grind leford bridge, Great huckjow, Tidswell, hardgate wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

---

CAP. XCVII.

An act for continuing the term, and altering the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Carlisle to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the town and port of Hastings, in the said county.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Ganderlain, in the county of Derby to Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York; and also that road branching out of though said road at or near Mosborough-green, in the said county of Derby, to Clown, in the same county.

CAP. C.

An act for enlarging the term and altering and varying the powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads leading to though said town.

CAP. CI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 102,  106. [1779.

for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdowngate in Popham-lane to the city of Winchester, and from the said city through Hursley to Chandler Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the turnpike road at Romsey, and from the said turnpike road through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton to Longham-bridge, and Winborne Minster in the county of Dorset, and for amending and widening the road from Ringwood gate in the said county of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from a street called The Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the river at Swathling in the said county.

CAP. CII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Landovery, and from thence through the town of Langadock to the river Amman, and several other roads in the said county communicating therewith.

CAP. CIII.

An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Midwelly, in the county of Carmarthen, and also several roads leading from Landilo, in the said county, so far as relates to the roads included in the Kidwelly district; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads within the said county.

CAP. CIV.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spital or Somerset Street, in the parish of Stoke, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. CV.

An act for continuing the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from the city of Carlisle in the county of Cumberland, to the market and seaport town of Workington in the said county, so far as the same relates to the road between the town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid.

CAP. CVI.

An act for the continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 07,  110. 455

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east end of Borough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmoreland, by the end of Appleby Bridge to Eamont Bridge in the said county.

CAP. CVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers, of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for amending, widening, and Keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mould to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhouse, opposite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mould; as relates to the district of road from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for widening and repairing the highroad leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the said county of Westmoreland.

CAP. CIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferryhouse, opposite the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mold; as relates to the district of road from the town of Ruthin, in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Mold, in the county of Flint.

CAP. CX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Lantrissent, and also the road leading from Newbridge to a place called the Old Furnace, all in the county of Glamorgan.

456 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 111, 116. [1779.

CAP. CXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the turnpike road at Upper Comb, in the parish of Castle-combe, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CXII.

An act for continuing the term of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair the road from The Cross Keys, other wise Brickers Barn, in the parish of Corsham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. CXIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the seventy-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy, in the township of Elton, through the town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of Northwich in the county palatine of Chester.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for reviving and continuing the term and varying the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike or side gate, in the parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, in the said county.

CAP. CXV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Cirencester to the town of Stroud, and that part of Roadborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the road leading from Cirencester towards Risley, so far as the bottom of Gulph Hill; all in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. CXVI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 17, 120. 457

for repairing and widening the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CXVII.

An act for making and repairing several roads round the city of Bristol.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act for amending the road from the nine mile stone on the Bristol road, at or near a place called the clay pits, to or near the chapel at Stone; and also the roads to and near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury; and several other roads in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

CAP. CXIX.

An act for reducing into one act of parliament the several laws now in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittensor to the most northern part of Tulk on the hill, in Butt lane in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlastone bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the town or village of Tittensor aforesaid.

CAP. CXX.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eighth year of King George the First, and the twenty-second year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Kilbourn-bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to Sparrows Herne, in the county of Hertford.

END of PART II VOL. XXXII.

